A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-feventh Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

SefT 2.

Being the FIRST SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew S t r a h a n. Printers to the King's mod Excellent Majefty,

1807.





-V.

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES palled in the FIRST Seflion of the FOURTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

47” GEO- III. Self 2.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

T.	AN Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hun-dred and eight, fcveral Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.	3

II.	An Aft to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the

Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, Three Afts, pafied in the Thirty-feventh, Forty-fifth, and Forty-fixth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majefty and the United States of America; and for empowering His Majefty to fufpend, before the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Provifions of the faid Acts, for fuch Period as His Majefty may deem expedient.	^

III.	An Aft to indemnify Perfons who have advifed or afted under an Order of

Council for making Regulations with refpect to the Navigation and Commerce between His Majefty’s Subjects and the Subjefts of 'the United States of America.	g

IV.	An Aft to enable His Majefty to grant a certain Annuity to Major Gene-

ral Sir John Stuart Knight of the moft Honourable Order of the Bath, in Con-fideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Maielty and the Publick.	,,

V.	An Aft for empowering the Commiffioners of Kilmainham Hofpital to make

Rules and Regulations tor the Payment of Penfions to Soldiers’on the Efta-blifhment of that Hofpital.	, ^

A ■*	VI.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

VI.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sen-ice of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven.	21

VIT. An Act for' raifing the Sum of One million live hundred thoufand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight	hundred and feven.	25

VIII.	An Aft concerning Common Recoveries fufl'ered in Copyhold or Cufto-

mary Courts by Attorney.	29

IX.	An Aft for granting to Ilis Majefly a Sum of Money to be raifed by

Lotteries.	33

X.	An Aft for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from

Ireland.	57

XI.	An Aft to provide for the Recovery of Penalties tinder certain Afts, made

in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for fecuring the Kates and Duties in Ireland in refpeft of Dwelling Houfes, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Dogs, and Carriages; and on Licences to Pcrfons dealing in Excifeable Commodities; and on Paper and Paper Hangings; and to alter the Condition of certain Bonds to be given by Brewers in Ireland.	61

XII.	An Aft to make further Regulations with refpeft to Licences for the Sale

of Spirituous and ether Liquors by Retail in Ireland.	65

XIII.	An Aft to fupprefs Infurreftior.s, and prevent the Diftur'ounce of the

Publick Peace in Ireland.	73

XIV.	An Aft to repeal certain Duties of Excife, and alfo certain Stamp Duties

in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relaiing to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	89

XV.	An Aft to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Collcftion of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought or manufaftured in

Ireland.	101

XVI.	An Aft to grant to His Majefty, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland.'	109

XVII.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent

Majeily, for the regulating and fecuring the Collcftion of the Duties on Spirits dihilled in Ireland.	1 25

XVIII.	An Aft to provide for the Decreafe and Sufpenfion, in certain Cafes,

of Part of the Countervailing Duties on Britijh Refined Sugar imported into Ireland.	141

' XIX. An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and to amend Two Afts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits. 145

. .X X. An Aft to enable His Majefty to appoint the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being in Ireland, One of the Ccmmiffioners for executing die Office of Lord High Treafurer in England, without Salary.	149

XXI.	An Aft to continue, until tie Twenty-ninth T ly of September One thoufand eight hundred and feven! cen, an Aft, palled in Ireland in the Thir-

7	teenth

(Public General) 47“ GEO. III. Seff. 2.

teenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefcnt Majefty, refpefting certain Annuities.	*53

XXII.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and ieventeen, an Aft, palled in Ireland in the Thirty-iixthYear of His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries on the Coafts of Ireland.	157

XXIII.	An Aft to amend an Aft, paffed in the Forty-third Year of His prefent

Majefty, for granting to His Majefty the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds for building Gl ebe Houles in Ireland.	161

XXIV.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, paffed in the Thirty-ninth and

Fortieth Year of His prefect Majefty, concerning the Difpofidon of certain Real and Perfonal Property of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and alfo of the Real and Perfonal Property of Her Majefty, and of the Queen Confort for the Time being.	165

XXV.	An Aft for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and Penfions,

and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and to Perfons upon the Compaflionate Lift.	169

XXVI.	An Aft for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-

fand eight hundred and eight, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time fuch Militia (hall not be embodied ; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	173

XXVII.	An Aft to authorize His Majefty to permit the Importation of Naval

Stores from any Place in Ships belonging to States in Amity with Ilis Mr. jefty, and navigated in any Manner whatever.	189

XXVIII.	An Aft to enable the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

to iffue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven.	193

XXIX.	An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the

Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven.	'	Ujy

XXX.	An Aft to amend feveral Laws of Excife in Great Britain, relating to

the Duties on Salt, Sope, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits, ana Giufs, and for reftoring Seizures in certain Cafes.	2og

XXXI.	An Aft: to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and amend fo much ot an Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fordeth Years of His prefent Majefty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, difembodied under an Aft of the fame Seffion of Parliament.

XXXII.	An AcFfor making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of

the Militia in Great Britain, while difembodied.	22p

XXXIII.	An Aft to condnue until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, an Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty for appointing Commiffioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and

B	1	’the

A TABLE 'of the STATUTES

ths Conduct of the Public Bufincfs in the Military Departments there'n ia« ttioned.	-37

XXXIV.	An Act- to make the Port of Amjltrdam, in the 111 and of Cura pa, a free Port.	241

XX XV. An Aft to indemnify fuch Perfotts in the United Kingdom have omitted to qualify them ‘elves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited lor thole Pinpofes refpcftively, untd the Twenty -fifth Day of March One rhuuiund eight ht-ndred and eight, and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and tile Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufaud eight hundred and eight.	24,5

XXXVI.	An Aft to enable the TruPiees of the Britijh Mttfeum to exchange,

fell, or difpofe of fuch Parts of the Collections, and under fuch Reltriftians as are therein fpcciiied.	253

XXXVII.	An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and eight, an Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majeity, for altering and amending feveral Laws relating to the Duties of Excife upon Malt.	257

XXXVIII.	An Aft for permitting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the Britijh Colonies on the Continent of North Americay from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the fame Colonies, to the faid States.	261

XXXIX.	An Aft for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with Intereft

upon Balances; and for other Purpofes relating to the paffing of Publick Accounts.	265

XL. An Aft to alter the Praftice of Courts of Equity, in Suits in which Members of Parliament arc Defendants,	2.69

XL!. An Aft to enable the Lajl India. Company to raife Money upon Bond in-Head of increasing their Capital htock.	273

It,II. An A.ft to continue, until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and amend an Aft of the Forty-l'econd Year of His prefent Majctiy, for more effectual Adminiftration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace in fuch Parts of the Counties of Middlefex and Surrey as lie in anti near the Metrcriffiis: and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.	277

XLIP. An Aft to revive and continue, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament, an Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for fuf-

- pending Proceedings in Actions, and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufaftuje.	281

XLIV. An Act for transferring to His Majefty, certain Poffeffions and Rights veiled in the Sierra Leone Company, and for fhon ng the Duration of the faid Company, and for preventing any dealing • afficking in the buying or feling of Slaves within the Colony	of Sierra Leone.	285

XLV. An

(Public Genera!) 470 GEO. III. SefT.2.

XLV, An Aft to enable His Majefty to grant to Her Majefty the Queen a capital Meftuage, called Frogmorc, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Pari files of New Windfor and Old Windfor, in the County of Berks, and a Piece of Land in Wyroihjbury, in the County of Bucks, for a Term of ninety-nine Years, if Her Majefty and the Princeties, Her Five younger Daughters, or any of them, /hail fo long live, for. aruf in lieu of Her Majelly’s prefent Terms and Intereft therein ; and alfo to make Exchange?,	289

XLVI. An Aft to repeal certain Provilions of an Aft, pafi'cd in the Forty-fixth Year of ills prefent Maie !y, for inquiring into the State of Windfor Forrji, in the County of Berks, and for a!c« tabling the Boundaries or the faid Foreft, and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame j and to amend the faid Aft.	297

XLVII. An Aft; to grant certain Duties on Callicoes, Mullins, Cotton Yam, and Cotton Twill, of the Mat ufafture of Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, on their Importation into either Country from the other, according to the Reguladons contained in the Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.	,	301

XLVIII. An Aft to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and eight, feveral Afts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife in Ireland, and fop preventing Frauds therein.	305

XLIX. An Aft for allowing a Drawback on certain Linens exported from Great Britain to the Weft Indies.	309

L. An Aft to amend an Aft, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for erefting and eltablifhing Publick Infirmaries or Hofpitals in Ireland.	313

LI. An Aft to revive and continue, undl the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, an Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effeftual Encouragement of the Britijh Filheries.	2 < 7

LII. An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, as relates to the Payment of Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts when exported

from the Warehuufe in which the fame fiiall have been fecured.	jji

LIU.	An Aft to enable His Maiefty’s Poftinafter General to open and return

Letters direfted to Hamburg!} or other Places Abroad, and which have been or fiiall have been returned or not fent.	2	25

LIV.	An Aft fo prevent improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland. 133

LV. An Aft for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland, voluntarily to enlift into Ilis Majefty’s Regular Forces.	241

I.VI. An Aft for increasing the Militia of Ireland, under certain Limitations

and Reftriftioris.	249

I-VII. An Aft for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlift into	His Majefty’s Regular Forces.	^7

I.VIII. An Aft for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from Ireland. 565

LIX. An Aft to amend an Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His Majefty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Poll Off. e in England.	j j

LX.

4

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LX. An Act to give further Time for purchafing the Legal Quays and Ware-houfes, in the Port of London.	373

LX1. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported front Great Britain	to Ireland.	377

LXII. An Act to fufpend, until the Fir It Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or dif-tilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported frohi either Country to the other refpectiveiy.	381

LX HI. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawback payable on Silks, and for granting other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof.	385

LXIV. An Act to allow the Bounty now payable on BritiJ% Callicoes and Cottons exported to Gibraltar to be paid on the fame Articles when exported to Malta.	389

LXV. An Aft to exempt Sales of Wejl India Produce, by the Wejl India Dock Company, for Payment of Duties and Charges, from the Auction Duty.	393

LXVI. An Aft to make more tffeftual Pravifion for the Prevention of Smuggling.	397

LX VII. An Ad to permit, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament, the Importation of Swedifh Herrings	into	Great Britain.	421

LX VIII. An Aft for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay; for the Regulation of Publick Basics; and for amending fo much of an Aft, paffed in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majelty, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of the Eajl India Company may be employed in their Service Abroad.	42	5

LXIX. An Aft for difeharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Perfonal Eltates belonging to General De Laneey, late Barrack Maiter

General, and velted in Truftees for	Sale.	433

LXX. An Act for maintaining and preferving a Military' Canal and Road, made from Shorndff in the County of Kent, to Cliff End in the County of Stiffen ; and for regulating the taking of Rates and Tolls thereon. 453

LXX I. An Aft for the fpeedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increaling the fame, under certain Limitations and Reftrictions.	501

LXXII. An Act for railing the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pound- by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven.	<-2c

LX XIII. An Aft for enabling His Majelty to raife the Sum cf Four millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, for the Service of Great Brit tin.	329

LXXIV. An Act for more effectually fecuring the Payment cf the Debts of Traders.	533

LXXV. An Aft for fufpending the Operation of an Aft of the Tbirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majelty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purpol'es in the lard Act mentioned, i'o far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.	537

LX a VI. An

t-

(Public General) 47* GEO. III. Sell:2;

LXXVI. An Aft for granting to His Majefly a certain Sum of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Selfion of Parliament.	54 r

LXXVII. An Aft for confirming Articles of Agreement for an Exchange of Lands between His Majefly and David Jebb Efquire, in the Parifh of Egham in the County of	Surrey.	565

LXXVIII. An Aft for veiling the capital Mefluage, with the Appurtenances, fituate in William Street, in the City of Dublin, now or lately inhabited by the Right Honourable Lord Powcrfcoart, in His Majefly, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and for applying thePurchafe Money ill Manner therein mentioned.	573

■9

of

33

of

jri

If

Stf

A»

tf ’

C

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

t. A N A ft for the more fpeedy and eafy Recovery of Small Debts in the Bo-rough and Pariffi of Bojlon, and the Hundreds' of Skirkbeck and Kirton (except the Parifhes of Gijberton and Surfeet) in the County of Lincoln. 3

2.	An Aft for conftrufting a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of FcJke-

Jlone, in the County of Kent.	25

3.	An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Thirty-ninth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for amending Two Afts, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others adjacent to and connected with the faid Harbour.	6	1

4.	An Aft for erecting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the County' of

Perth.	81

5.	An Aft to enable the London Dock Company to purchafe certain Water

Works in the Pariffies of Stratford, Wcjlham, Bow. Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Pariffies adjacent; and to amend the feveral Afts for making Wet Docks and otherWorks for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.	8g

6.	An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft, pafled in the

Twenty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Caltle of Chejlcr, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the faid Gaol.	97

7.	An Aft for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Pariffies of Saint John the Baptift, Saint Peter the Apoftle, and Birchingtor., and the Vill of Wood, w. the IJle of Thavci, and County of Kent.	109

S. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, pafled in the Ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better paving, cleanftng, lighting, and watching the Streets and. Lanes in the Pariffi and Borough of New IKindjor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuifances therein.	133

9.	An Aft for amending feveral Afts, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.	145

10.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Read from Birmingham, in the

County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Pariffi of Sbenjlone, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith.	133'

11.	An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon.	119

12.	An Aft for the mere effectually repairing certain Roads in the Counties of

Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth.	209

13. An

(Local & Perjonal, to be judicially noticed) 47°GEO. III. Ceil 2.

13.	An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Crojs to Mil-field Bum, and from Wooler to Bowjdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland.	237

14.	An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Power? of

Two Ads, palTed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His prefent Ma-jefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kcxby Bridge, in the County of Yotk.	269

15.	An Ad for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to

Longtown, in the County of Cumberland, and for ereding a Bridge over the River Line, upon the faid Road.	28:

16.	An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

an Ad, pafled in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefly, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge to the South End of Wilderfpool Catfeway, and from the Town of Frodjham to AJhton Lane End, in the County of Chejler, fo far as refpeds the Cbejier Dillrid of the faid Roads, and for extending the fame from the prefent Termination thereof at Flookerjbrook Bridge aforefaid, to the North End of Cow Lane Bridge, in the City of Cbejier, and for making a new Road from fuch propofed Extenfion of the faid Road to the North End of Fjueen Street, in the fame City.	309

17.	An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of an Ad, pafled in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefly, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, in the Townlhip of Newton near Chejler, to the South End of Wilderfpool Caufeway, and from Frodjham to AJhton Lane End, in the County of Cbejier, fo far as relates to the Frodjham Diltrid of the fame Road.	325

18.	An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

Two Ads, pafled in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Crojs, in the Parifh of Brcnchley, in the County of Kent, to Wiljley Green, in the Parilh of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Gouthurjl Gore to Sti/ebridge, and from Undcrdcn Green to Wan-Jhutt's Green, in the County of Kent.	361

19.	An Ad for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an Ad, of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefly, for amending the Road from the South-eaft End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicejler, to Derby Bridge, near the Rulhes, and from thence to the South End of Cavendijh Bridge, in

the fame County.	^73

30.	An Ad for repairing, and keeping in Repair, feveral Roads in the County of Perth.	285

21. An Ad for continuing the Term, and and altering and enlarging the Power’s of feveral Ads. pafled in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefly, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maid-Jlone, and fiom Waft’s Crojs to Cowden, in the County of Kent, fo far as thev relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidjlone. ‘	413

22. An Ad for‘continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Ads, of the fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road leading from Wadburjl, in the County of SuJJ'ex, to* the Turnpike Road at Lamberburft Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from thence to JVeJl Fat ley Street, in the County of Kent.	421

23. An

12

A TABLE of the STATUTES

23.	An Ail for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Stibbington-cum-Wandcsford,

otherwise Wand.ford, and the Hamlet of Sibfon, within the faid Parifli, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.	429

24.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Longhoughton, in the County of

Northumberland.	457

25.	An Aid for inclofing Lands in the Manors and Townfhip of Himton, in the

North Riding of the County of York.	477

26.	An Ad for inclofing Chew Moor, in the Townfhip of Lojlock, in the Parifh

of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	489

27.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pariflies of Warkworth and Lcjbury, in the

County of Northumberland.	501

28.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pariflies of Great Staugh'.on and Graff-

ham, in the County of Huntingdon.	521

29.	An Ad for amending, rendering more effedual, and continuing Parts of an Ad, of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent "Majefly, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glafgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleanfing the Streets, and other Purpofes in the

laid Ad mentioned.	545

30.	An Ad for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parifh of ChriJichurch, in

the County of Middlesex.	565

31.	An Ad to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Mone’ out of

the Confplidated Fund, to be applied in completing the Canal acrofs the IJIe of Dogs, and erecting other Works there, and for effeding other Improvements of the Port of London, in Execution of certain Ads already paffed for thofe Purpofes.	569

32.	An Ad to enable his Majefly to grant the Citadel, and Walls of the City

of Carlifle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Juftice for the faid County, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	581

33.	An Ad for afeertaining and eftablifliing the Rates of Wharfage, C.annage,

Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Bri/iol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the faid Port; and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Veffels navigating the Brifiol Channel.	597

34.	An Ad for empowering the Jullices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the faid County, and provide convenient Court Houfes for holding the Aflizes and General Quarter Selfions of the Peace, and other Publick Meetings, within the faid County. 629

35.	An Ad tc enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gnvynne, his Heirs and Aftigns, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan, and to improve the faid Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Veffels therein. 645

36.	An Ad to enable Flis Majefty to veil the Sands of Traeth Maw, dividing

the Counties of	Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexatider Madocks,

Efquire.	661

37.	An Ad to explain, amend, and render more effedual, feveral Ads, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwife Lime, and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancajler, in the County Palatine of Lancajler. 677

38.	An

{Local id Per final, to be judicially noticed) 47* GEO. III. Self. 2.

38.	An A ft for more effectually paving the Streets, and other Places, within

th ir Pait of the Parilh of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlefex, and Part of a Street called Eafl Smitbjicld, in the Precinft of Saint Catherine, and for cleanfmg, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances therein.	689

39.	An Aft to amend an Aft, of the Third Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjham, and Wborfdown, in the County of IVilts, and for extending the Powers of the faid’Aft to other Places in the laid County. 729

40.	An Aft for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the

Town of Gravefend, and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dariford, Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent.	745

41.	An Aft for continuing Three Acts, of the Sixth Year of King George the Firfl, in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the Town of Burntifand, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increaling the Publick Revenue of the faid Town. 769

42.	An Aft to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of

Two Afts, of the Twenty-fecond Year of His late Majefty, and the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife.	773

43.	An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Parilh of

Sutton Courtney, in the County of Berks, to the Parilh of Culbam, in the County of Oxford.	7 - 7

44.	An Aft to enable His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffo>-s, to grant Letters

Patent for eftablilhing a Theatre or Play-houfe, under certain Reftriftions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.	809

45.	An Aft for amending an Aft of the Twelfth Year of His prefent Majeftv,

for repairing and widening feveral Reads through the County of I anark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the faid County ; and for making more effeftual and converting the Statute Labour within the faid County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the fame.	.	g, ^

46.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tib foe If, and a Branch from the fame Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to H/gham, in the fame County.

47.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts

of the Tenth and Thirty-firft Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Brightbelmfton to Lovell Heath, in the County of Suffex, and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith.	849

48.	An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Great G im/by Haven, at or near Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nun's Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parilh of Irby, in the County 01 Lincoln. 861

^	49-	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

49; _An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act of the Iweniy-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Ipfwich to South Town, and from the faid Road at Beech Lane, in the Parilh of Darjham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk.	8	**3

3°; An Act to amend, and render more elfeftual, fo much of an Act, of the 1 hirty-third \ ear of His late Majefty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Ifle of P.ly, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, and empowering the Confervitors of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second Diftrift deferibed in the faid Act. 889

51.	An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the i hirty-leventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Batnford and Birtle fo Bury, and for making three Banches of Road therefrom,in the County of Lancajlcr. 901

52.	A11 Aft to continue and amend Three Afts, parted in the Fifth, Seventh, and 1 wenty-fixth Years of His prelent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wijbech Saint Peter’s, in the Ifle of Ely, and other Places in the faid Acts mentioned. 917

53.	An Aft to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two Afts, of the

Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Roads from Pairyn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the fame County.	941

54 An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Royjlon, in the Counties of Cambridge and Fffex.	953

55. An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and amending the Road from the prefent Turnpike Road, in the Parilh of Hurfey, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and horn Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.	965

36. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botiey, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton,	977

57. An Aft for veiling feveral Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, and Fffex, Parts of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Brijlol in Truftees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sales in the Purchafe of more convenient Eftates, and for other Purpofes thertin mentioned.	985

e8. An Aft for veiling Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chcjlerfield in Truftees, in Trull to be fold, and for laying out the Monies arifing from luch Sales in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	I0°9

59. An Aft to enable Henrietta Weft Spinfter, and James Wejl Efquire, and their Leffee for the Time being, to grant Building Leales of certain Lands' (deviled by the Will of Sarah Wejl decealed)in the Parilh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bcrmondfcy, in the	County of Surrey.	1029

r. .;	60.	An

■

{Local & Perfonal, to-be judicially noticed) 470 GEO, III. Se(T. 2.

60.	An Aft for veiling certain Eflates of Mary Fo/ler and George Edward

Graham Efquire, and Mary his Wife, in King’s Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Ttuflees, upon 'Fruit to fell the fame, and to Hand pofleffed of the Monies arifing from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned.	1 °4 5

61.	An Aft for fettling the Right of Patronage or Prefentation of or to a Chapel’

to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the Parilh of I Vo r/fop, in the County or Nottingham.	10 “3

62.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Rhuddlan, Saint Afaph,

Diferth, and Cum, in the County of Flint.	1057

6 3. An Aft for inclofing Lands at Thorpe, in the County of Surrey. 1073

64. An Aft for inclofing Lands in theTownfhips of IVheJhn and Tidefwcll, and in the Manor of Tidefwcll, in the County of Derby.	1093

65.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip cf Bramham, in the

Wed Riding of	the County of Fork.	1113

6 d. An Aft for inclofing Lands'in the Parilh of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk.	1	1133

67.	An Aft to amend Three Afts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and

Forty-fourth Years of His prefent Majelty, for erefting a Court Houfe, for the holding of Sellions of the Peace in the City of Wejlmin/ler.	1163

68.	An Aft for repealing the feveral Acts for regulating the Vend and Deli-

very of Coals within the Cities of London and Wejlminfter, and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent, and F.jfex, and for making better Provifion for the fame. >	1169

69 An Aft for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of feveral Afts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent.	1253

70.	An Aft to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Selfion of Parliament,' fo much of feveral Afts palled as relates to the better regulating of Pilots for condufting Ships and Veffels from Dover, Deal, and rhe IJle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway.	1269

71.	An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of'Tnys Congor, fituated on

the Coall of Ffiincdd,	in the County of Carnarvon.	1281

72.	An Aft for better fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parilhes of

Stratford Bow, other wife Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary IJlington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and fcv'eral other Panfhe's, Hamlets, Townlhips, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Mid1 dlefcx and Ejfex.	13°g

73.	An Aft to alter, amend, arid render more effectual, an Aft, paffed in the

Nineteenth Year of His prefent Majelly, for the better Relief and Eriiploy-ment of the Poor of the feveral ! 'arilhe's within the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parilh of Hadleigh, and alfo the Parilh of Polflead, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of	Suffolk.	1349

74.	An Aft for improving, and rendering more commodious, fuch Part of the

County and County of the City of -Dublin, as is fituate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and	Well	of His Majeltv’s C.allle of Dublin, and for

11	»he

A TABLE of the STATUTE9

tlie Appointment of an Infpedlor of the Prcfentments and other Accounts of the County of the City aforefaid,	136 1

75.	An Adi for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the Parifh of Saint

Michael, ii. the Liberties of the City of / intcrick, and adjoining the faid City, and for preventing and removing Nuifances therein.	1381

76.	An Adi for taking down theprefent Church, and providing a new Church

and Church-yard, in the Parifh of fVallfend, in the County of Northumberland, and for rendering valid certain Marriages folemnized in the faid Parifh while the prefent Church has been in a State of Decay.	1417

77.	An Acl for eredling a Chapel on certain extra parochial Land called

Standard Hill, near the d own of Nottingham.	1437

78.	An Adi for the more fpeedy and eafy Recovery of Small Debts in the

Soakcs of Bolingbrooke and Horncajlle, and other L laces, in the County of Lincoln.	14 57

79.	An Acl for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts in the

Town and Borough of Ipfwich, in the County of Suffolk.	1489

80.	An Acl to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal

to complete the fame.	1513

81.	An Adi to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the feveral Acts parted for making and maintaining the Rochdale Canal Navigation. 1529

82.	An Adi to authorize the Truflees of the River Weaver Navigation to open

a more convenient Communication between the faid River near Frodjham Bridge and the River Merfty, near IVcJlon Point, in the Townfhip of Weft on, in the County of Cbefter, and to amend Two Adis relative to the faid River.	1537

83.	An Acl for repealing feveral Adis, of the Thirty-third Year of King

George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Thirty-feventh Years of His prefent Maj Jty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the IJle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, fo far as relates to the feveral Lands in the Fir ft Diliricl therein deferibed, and for making better Provifion for draining and preferring the faid Lands.	1577

84.	An Adi to regulate and improve the Cattle Market, to provide a Market

Houfe, and eftablilh a Market for the Sale of Butcher’s Meat and other Articles, and to mase other Improvements, within the City of Chichefter, in the County of Suffix.	1617

85.	An Acl for raifmg and fecuring a Fund for the Relief of Widows and

Children of Burgh and Parochial Schoolmufters in Scotland.	1641

86.	An Acl to explain an Adi, of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma-

jefly, for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Infurance Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.	1653

O

7. An Acl to explain an Adi, of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma-jefty, for enaLling the Globe i 1 urance Company to fue in the Name of their Tfeafurer, and to inrol Annuities.	1657

88. An Adi to explain an Adi, of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma-jefty, for enabling the Pelican Life infurance Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.	1061

89. An

14

(Local & Perfonal, to be judicially noticed) 47* GEO. III. Self. 2.

89. An Act to continue and amend Two Afts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefertt Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading from Llundilo to Lampeter, and other Places in the County of Carmarthen. 1665

9a An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Tweiity-fifth Years of llis prelent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from IVbitby to Middleton, in the County of York.	1673

91. An' Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottejbacb, to Lutterworth, in the County of Leiccjler.	1681

9a. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Afts, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from High Bullen, in Wednejbury, to the further End of Darlajion Lane, and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford.	1693

93.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Afts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, tor repairing the Road from Birjiall to Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to Huddersfield, in the County of fork.	1705

94.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

feveral Afts for repairing the Roads from the Parflh of Cranbrooke to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent.	1721

95.	An Aft to continue-the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of fo much

of Three Afts, of the Fifth, Ninth, and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat’s Crofs to Cow den, and the Roads from Sevenoaks Common to Crockhurjl Hatch Corner, and PenJlrjrJl 'Town to Soutbborough, in the County of Kent.	1737

96.	An Aft for continuing the derm, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of an Aft, of the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing fo much of the Road from the Town of NewcaJlle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlijle, as lies within the County of Northumberland.	1744

97.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Afts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth 'i ears of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in and near Great Barrington, in the County of Devon.	t753

98.	An Aft for veiling in new Truftees the Eftateslateof the Right Honourable

Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, deceaied, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfet, which have not been fold by virtue of certain Indentures of Leafe and Re-leafe, dated refpeftively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five.	"	j	765

co. An Aft for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant for Life under the Will of his late Father John Albert Bentinck Efquiie, deceafed, to charge liis Eftatcs in the County of Norfolk with the Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and increafmg the fame Eftates by the Means therein mentioned.	'

,7°S

loo.' An Aft for effefting the Sale of certain Real Eftates, late of Henry Champ-ness Efquire, deceafed, devifed by his Will, or purchafed in purfuance

thereof.

A TABLE of tbt STATUTES

thereof, and for laying out the Money arifmg from the Sale thereof, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eltat.es fo fold.	1	tot

toi. An Act for veiling certain Eltates, deviled by the Will of James Harrifon Efquire, deceafed, fituate in the Counties or Lancajlcr and Cbefter, in Trudees, in Trull to be lold for the Payment of Debts and Legacies affetting the fame ; and after Payment thereof, for the Invellment of the Refidue of the Monies to arife by lucli Sale in the Purchafe of other Eflates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ellates fo fold.	I813

102.	An Act for enabling Fronds Rincrs Efquire to grant Building and Repairing Leafes of certain Lands in the Pat'ilh or Stebunbeatb, otherwife Stepney, in the County of Middlefcx, deyffed by the Will of Francis Pcete Efquire. 1833

103.	An ACt for reding certain Ellates, in thePariflies of Dry pool and Stolen,

in Holderr.eps, in the County of 1 irk (Part of the Eflates deviled by the Will of Ann Hall, deceafed;, in Trudees in.Trull to fell the fame, and for laying out the Money arifmg from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Ellates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ellates fo fold..	1841

J04. An Aft for effecting an Exchange between the Trudees and Vifitors of Mtsrdeu College, in the Parilh of Charlton, in the County of Kent, and Thompfon Bonar, Efquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the fame County.	i8?3

lo.?. An Aft for incl»fing Lands in the Townlhipof OJfett, in the Parifli of Dcwjbury, in the Wed Riding of the County of 1 'ore.	1861

106. An Aft for indofmg Lands in the PuriPn of FLurJl, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.	1877

to/. An Aft for inclofmp Lands in Llanelly, in the County of Caermarihen, and for leafing Part of the faid Lands, and applying the Rents thereof in improving the down and Port of Llanelly, in the faid County.	1893

toS. An Aft to enable His Majedy to ralcafe to the Devifees in Fee, in Trull of the Ellates of Sir Charles Dover $ Baronet, deceafed, an Annui.y or Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, given by the Will of Mary Dovers Spinder, to Francis Alexander Frederick dc la Rochefoucauld de Liancourt, an Alien, and the Arrears thereof.	l9'7

tog. An Aft for the more eft'eftual Improvement of the City of Dublin, and

the Environs thereof.

1925

lio. An Aft for deepening, enlarging, maintaining, and improving the Harbour of Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen.	l	)77

in. An Ad for paving, cleanftng, lighting, and watching the Town and Parifh of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuifances therein, for the better Relief and Employment of ihe Poor, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and fur regulating the Market of the faid Town and Parifli.	,^7

112.	An Aft to amend an Aft, of the FortyTocond Year of His prefent

Majedy, for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and other Purpoles relating	thereto; and for	providing a new Sefliuns iioufe for the

faid County.	2045

113.	An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors cf the Lancajler Canal Navigation, to varv the Courle of the faid Canal, and 10 make Railways or

'■3	Roads,

)

(Local Zs Perfor.al, to be judicially noticed j 47° GEO. Ill SefT 2.

Roads, and to amend and render more effe&ual Two Adis relating to ihe faid Navigation.	2049

114.	An Ad for feparating the Chapelries and Chapels of Nevecaflle- under-

Lyme, Burflem, Whitmore, Bucknall and Bdguall, and Norton in the Moors, from the Rectory and Parifh Church of Stoke-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for making them Five diftinft Reftories and Parifh Churches; and for enabling the ReCtor of the faid Parifh Church of Stoke-upon-Trent ior the Time being to grant Building Leafcs of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the faid ReCtory.	2^65

115.	An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Aft, of the Twenty-fixth Year of

His prefent Majefty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parifhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondfey, and Chrijl Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the faid Roads.	20S1

It6. An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Aft for repairing the Roads from Horjham to the Top of Seeding Hill, and from Steyning to the Top of Steynmg Hill in the County of Suffix-, and for making a Road from the faid Roads in the Parifh of Seeding, by Seeding Chalk Pit, to the North Eaft Corner of the Sheep Field, in the Parifh of Kingstone by Sea in the faid County.	2105

117.	An Aft for improving the Navigation of a certain Part of the River

Adur ; and for the better draining the Low Lands lying in the Levels above Beeding Bridge, and below Mock Bridge and Bines Bridge, all in the County of Suffix.	2133

118.	An Aft for repealing an Aft, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for vejling certain Freehold and Copyhold FJlates, dei-ifed by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Efquite, deceafed, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Catmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlefex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Weftminfter, in Trujlees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies to arife by fuch Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thoufand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum ConfoUdated Bank Annuities, Jlanding in the Name of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, in TruJ't in a certain Caufe in the faid Court, Macnamara vetfus Jones, being the clear Rejidue of the Perfonal Ejlate of the faid Teflator Arthur Jones, in the Purehafe of other Lands and Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes, and for enabling the faid Trujlees to grant Leafes of the Efatcs fo to be purchafed, and alfo to cut Timber growing thereupon, fubjett to RejtriiUons, fo far as the Trulls thereof have not been performed and carried into Execution.	2165

119.	An Aft for vefting in the Right Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly

called Lord Robert Spencer, in Fee Simple, Part of his Settled Eftates in the County of Suffcx, in Exchange for another Eftate of the faid Lord Robert Spencer, in the fame County, and for fettling fuch laft-mentioned Eftate to the like Ufes as the faid Part of his Settled Eftates flood fettled.	2173

120.	An Aft to enable the furviving Truftee named in the laft Will and Tefta* ment of the late Right Honourable Henry Earl of Ely, deceafed, to fell the Manfion Houfe of the faid late Earl, in Ely Place, in the City of Dublin, with the Appurtenances and the Furniture to the faid Houfe belonging, and the Glades and Piftures therein; and to lay out the Monies to arite by fuch

Sale

A TABLE of the STATUTES

I.-;;.,	,	.

v Sale in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, and to fettle fuch Lands fo to be purchafed to the fame Ules, and fubjeft to the fame Limitations, as are in the laid Will declared and exprefled with refpeft to the faid Manfion Houfe, with the Appurtenances.	2	•'	85

\2i. An Ad for the Partition of divers Lands in the Counties of Monaghan, Fermanagh, Louth, and Armagh, late the Property of Sir James Hamilton Knight, deceafed, and in which Catherine Hamilton, Dorothea Hawkfoaw otherwife Hamilton, Maria Willipmfon other wife Hamilton, Dacre Hamilton, Olivia Lucas o’herwife Hamilton, Elizabeth Hamilton, the Reverend James Hamilton, SkeJJingten Hamilton, Elinor Hamilton, Frances Lee otherwife Hamilton, and the Reprefentativcs of Jane Hamilton, deceafed, have undivided Shares, and for the Sale of the Lands therein mentioned.	2193

122.	An A£t for confirming the Sales, made under the Directions of the Court

of Chancery, of feveral Eilates in the Counties of Surrey, Sujfex, and Kent, devifed by the Will of Thomas Cooper deceafed.	2225

123.	An Act for the Sale of Part of the Eftate of John Jofeph Henry Efquire, for the Intents and Purpofes therein mentioned, and for fettling other Eilates in lieu thereof to the fame Ules, and to extend the leafing Powers of the faid John Jofeph Henry in refpeft to Part of his Eilates therein mentioned. 2253

124.	An Aft for veiling the Entirety of certain Settled Eilates of Sir Hugh Inglis Baronet, John Watkins Parker Efquire, and Thomas Lloyd Efquire, and Eliza Bella his Wife, fituate in the City of London and County of Middlc-

fex, in Trultees, in Trull to carrv into Execution a Contraft already entered into for Sale of Part of the fame Eilates, and to fell the other Part thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arifing from the faid Sales in the Manner therein mentioned.	2281

125.	An Aft for veiling Part of the Eilates, in the County of Berks, devifed

by the Will of Bartholomew Tipping Efquire, deceafed, in Trultees, in Trull to fell the fame, and tor laying out the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eilates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eilates fo fold.	2301

126.	An Aft for enabling Trullees to fell the Settled Eilates of John Bradjhaw

Fletcher Efquire (calling himfelf John Bradjhaw), fituate in the County of Efcx, and for laying out the Monies to ariie from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of Eilates to be fituate in or near the County of Lancojler, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	23 13

127.	An Aft for veiling feveral Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums fettled bv

Edward Coljlon, deceafed, on the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bri/lol, for the Maintenance of an llof-pital and Alms-houfe in the faid City, in Trullees to be fold, and for apply- * ing the Money to arife by i'uch Sale in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments to be fettled upon the Trulls on which fuch Pee Farm Rents and annual Sums are refpeftively held.	2325

128.	An Aft for veiling certain Eilates belonging to the See of Canterbury in

Truftees for Sale, and for applying the Purchafe Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Archbifhop •f Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leafes, and for other Pur-pof«.	2341

(Local & Perjbnal, to be judicially noticed} 47°GEO, IIf. EefT. e.

129.	An AS for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River A-von,

in the Counties of Sosnerfet and Gloucejler, from the City of Ruth, to or near Hanhani’s Mills, to make and maintain an Ilorfe Towing-path, for the Purp< fe of towing and haling with Horfes, or otherwife, Boats, Lighters, and other Vefiels, up and down the faid River.	2363

130.	An AS for draining, embanking, and improving Lands in the Parilh of Ottringbam in Holdernefs, in the Eaft Riding of the County of Fork. 2393

131.	An Aft for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent afligned to Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier, for the Invention of making Paper by means of Machinery.

132.	An AS for making better Provilion for the Support and Maintenance of the Reftor for the Time being of the Parilh of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

133.	An AS for more effeSually repairing the Road from the City of Tork to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimjlon to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of Tork.

134.	An AS for inclofmg Lands in the Parilh of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk.

F

A TABLE «f the STATUSES1

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I.	A N A A for enclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wambrook, in the County /i of Dorfet.

а.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Elton in the County of Nottingham.

3.	An Aft for naturalizing Jofeph Cary.

4.	An Aft for naturalizing John Jacob Sicard.

5.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Hamlet of Upper Norton, otherwife Norton Lindfey in the County of Warwick.

б.	An Aft tor inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Warkton and Little Oakley, in the County of Northampton, and in the Parifh of Luddington, in the Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon, or one of them.

7.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhes of Weekly and Geddington, in the County of Northampton, and for changing in Part the Boundary between the faid Two Parifhes.

8.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cattijlock, in the County of Dorfet.

9.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Stockland, in the County of Dorfet.

jo. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Alderton, in the County of

Gloucejler.

II.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stanley-pont-large, in the County

of Glourefer.

J 2. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Horning, in the County of

Norfolk.

13 An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of JVaith, in the County of Lincoln.

14. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Knockin, in the County of Sa'op.

13. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Hamlet of Aldington, in the Parifh of Badfey, in the County of Worcefer.

16.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of North IVeJlon, in Por-tijhead, and Weft on in Gordano, otherwife North Wefton, in the County of Somerfet.

17.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Pcntney, in the County of

Norfolk.

j 8. An Aft for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parifh of Herringswell, in the County of Suffolk.

19. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Holt and Letheringsett, in the County of Norfolk.

40.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Burton, in the Parifh of Burton, in the County Palatine of Chejler.

41.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Warlingham, in the County of Surrey

22.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of South K. > kby and South E Infall, in the Patifh of South Kirkby, in the Weft Riding of .he County of York.

23.	An Aft fi r inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Croughton, otherwife Crowten, in the County of Northampton.

44. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Liberty of Kings wood, in the Parifh of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

25. An

(Local & Perfonal, not printed) 47“ GEO. IiL Se(T. 2.

‘25. An Aft for inclofmg Lands.in tbej’arifli of Off Icy, in the. County of Hertford.

26.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands id the Pariflies of Shottejbrook and White Waltham, otherwife Waltham Abbott, in the County of Berks.

27.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Hayton, in the County of Cumberland.

28.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Pariflies of North Hykcham, otherwife North Hickham, and SkcUingtkorpc, in the County of Lincoln.

29.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Wrangle, in the County of Lincoln.

30.	An Aft for veiling certain Ellates at Ealing, in the County of Middlefex, (devifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Kinna'ird), in Truftees, upon Trull to fell the fame, and for applying Part of the Purchafe Monies in Difcharge of an Incumbrance thereupon, and for laying out the Refidue of the Monies in the Purchafe of other Ellates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

31.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of River, in the County of Kent.

32.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Addle, in the Well Riding of the County of Tork.

33.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in Hudfwell and Hipjwell, in the Parifh of Cutter ick, in the North Riding of the County of 2 ork.

34.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of AJhby de la Laund, in the County of Lincoln.

35.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Townfhip of Bijhop Monktbn, in the Parifh of Ripen, in the County of Tork.

36.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Hamlet of Pamington, in the Parifli of AJhchurcb, in the County of Gloucejler.

37.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Manor, Town, Borough, and Liberty of Saint Clears, in the County of Carmarthen.

38.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk.

39.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Townfhip of Low Dunsforth, in the Parifli of Aldborough, in the County of Tork.

40.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Tcrpenhow, in the County of Cumberland.

41.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Manor of Fit ton, in the Parifli of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, and other Parifhcs therein mentioned, in the County of Norfolk.

42.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of Ills prefent Majefly, for dividing and draining Lands in the Pariflies of Sawtry All Saints, and Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon.

43.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Chrifhall, in the County of Ejex.

44.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Manors and Pariflies of Deddington and Great Barford, otherwife Barford Saint Michael, in the County of Oxford.

45.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Broughton liackett, otherwife Hacketts Broughton, in the County of Worcejler.

46.	An Aft for naturalizing Louis Francois Nicolas Frebout.

47.	An Aft to empower the Trultees and Vifitors of the College, commonly called Sir Joan M or den’s College, fituate on Black heath, in the County of Kent, to fell a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, and other Hereditaments,

8	fituate

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fitiiate at Greenwich, in the faid County of Kent, Part of the Eftate of the fa id College, to the CommilTioners and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and to apply the Money arifmg by luch Sale in the Furchafe of other Lands to be applied to the like Ufes.

48.	An Ad for vefting certain Eftates, in the Pariih of Chaldon Herring, in the County of Dorfet, entailed by the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Honourable Lionel Darner deceafed, with Williamza his Wife, and the Will of John Darner Efquire deceafed, in Truftees to be fold, and for inverting the Monies arifmg therefrom in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

49.	An Ad for vefting in an additional Truftee certain Truft Eftates comprifed in, and fettled by an Ad made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Lite Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Acl for fettling certain Manors, Capital MeJJitages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprized in a Settlement made by William Strode Efquire, deceafed, and for purchaftng with the Money arifmg by fuch Sale other Lands and Here-ditamenis, to be fettled to the like Ufes, upon the fubftfting Truis of the faid Ad.

50.	An Ad for enabling the Truftees, under the Will of John Mcyrick Ffquire, deceafed, to fell a capital Meffuage and Lands at Fulham, in the County of Middlefex, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

51.	An Ad for inclofing Lauds in the Pariih of Tarburgh, in the County of Lincoln.

52.	An Ad for inclofing We/lcrficld Green, in the Pariih of Weflerfield, in the County of Suffolk.

53.	An Ad for inclofing Cold Green, in the Pariih of Wheathill, in the County of Salop.

54.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Exiting, in the County of

Suffolk,

55.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Landbeach, in the County of Cambridge.

56.	An Ad for allotting and dividing Lands in the Pariih of Steeple Mcrden, in the County of Cambridge.

57.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip or Liberty of Rarnby, in the Pariihcs of Blyth and Sutton cum Lound, or in one or either of them, in the County of Nottingham.

58.	An Ad for naturalizing Johan Gottlob Werninck.

59.	An Ad for vefting Part of the Real Eftates of the late Ofwald Moflcy, Efquire, deceafed, devifed by his Will, in Truftees and their Heirs, upon Truft to convey the fame in the Manner therein mentioned,

60.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Saint Andrew the Lefs, other-wife called Barnwell, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and certain Lands in the Parities of Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Mary the Great, and Saint Mary the Lefs, or fome or one of them, in the faid Town of Cambridge, lying intermixed with the Lands in the faid Pariih of Saint Andrew the Lefs, otherwife called Barnwell.

61.	An Ad to diilolve the Marriage of John Ellis with Maria Palmer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.



INDEX

TO THl

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

47° GEO. III. Seff. I. & Self.2.

j'7.	-7	/•,<...*

Hfr All the Afti, the Purpofe.of which is not her* fpecially dated, are Roan Acts ; and are indexed under the Name of the Place fird occurring in the Title, with Reference* fr.m all other Name* of Place* therein mentioned.



C£ > .ii

cr

T

—

A.

Aberayron {Cardigan), Harbour

Abingdon, Earl, Edates Adur River (Navigation)

Albion Infurance Company, See Annuities (inrolling). Aldgate, Saint Botolph, Paving Ale, See Burntifland, Kinghorn.

“Alfreton, See Heage.

Andover, See Hurfley.

Anna Liffey River, See Dublin.

Annuities (inrolling).



Albion Infurance Company Globe	•	.

London Life Aflociation

■--------Pelican Infurance Company

■	Provident Inditution

Appledore Heath, Sec Cranbrooke.

Alhborne {Derby)	-

Afh next Sandwich, See Small Debts (Sandwich) Afhton Lane End, See Flookerlbrook Bridge. AiGzes, See Kent.

Avon River, Navigation	-

Axtane, See Small Debts, Gravefend.

	Seflion.	Chap.
		
	n.	3S
.	ii.	98
-	ii.	117
-	ii.	38
r	i.	3i
*1	ii.	a<>
r	i.	3°
a	ii.	«7
	i.	32
	i.	33
{	ii.	88
	i.	34
-	•	3
	ii.	129

G

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

B.

Babergh, See Cosford.

Bagnall, See Newcaltle under Lyme.

Bamford, See Rochdale.

Banbury (Oxford) to Lutterworth	*

Barham011* j" ^ct Small Debts, (Sandwich).

Basford {Stafford), Inclofures Beaklbourn, See Small Debts, (Sandwich).

Beckenham, See Small Debts, (Blackheath).

Bedford Level	-	*

Beech Lane, See Ipfwich.

Beeding Bridge, See Adur Navigation.

------ Hill,	See	Horfliam.

Beer, See Burntifland, Kinghom.

Belpar Bridge, See Afhborne.

Bentinck Rear Admiral (charging Ellates)

Bermondfey, See Lambeth.

Bethnall Green Saint Mary, See Stratford Bow WaterWorks. Beverley, {Tori)	-	-

Bideford {Devon)	-	-

Bines Bridge, See Adur Navigation.

Birchington, See Small Debts (Thanct)

Birmingham, See Small Debts. Martin Saint.

■ Theatre Roads

Birftall, {Tori) to Nunbrook Birtle, See Rochdale.

Bilhoplbourn, See Small Debts (Sandwich). Blackheath, See Small Debts.

Bolhigbroke, See Small Debts.

Bolton in the Moors, See Chew Moor.

Bonar, Thompfon, Efq., See Mordeu College. Bolton, See Small Debts.

Botley, See Swathling.

Botolph Saint, See Aldgate.

Bowfdcn Burn, See Percy’s Crofs.

Bowyer Robert (Lottery)

Bradford, See Small Debts.

Bradley, See Small Debts (Hales Owen).

------- Lane, See Birftal.

Bradlhaw, See Fletcher.

Bramham, {Tori) Inclofure Brampton, {Cumberland)

Brandon, {Suffolk) Inclofure	-	*

Brenchley, See Kippings Crofs.

Bridewell Chapel (Privileges)

Bridges, See Line, Thames, Clyde: Brighthelmfton, Suffix Eriltol, Earl, veiling Ellates ----... Hofpital, exchanging Ellates

,K

-------Port

Bromiey, See Small Debts (Blackheath). Bucknall, See Newcallle under Lyme.

Bungay, See Ipfwich Roads.

Burntillar.d, {Fife) Beer and Ale.

Burllem Chapelry, See Newcaltlc under Lyme, [jury, Set Rochdale.

	Seflion.	Cbap.
	ii.	91
-	i.	20
-	ii.	5°
-	ii.	99
	ii.	14
-	i.	2
t,o >.		
		
-	ii.	4+
-	ii.	IO
	u.	9*
		.’V
-	*•	a
	ii.	^5
-	ii.	
-	ii.	*34
•	i.	28
.	ii.	47
-	ii.	57
-	ii.	127
	ii.	33
-	ii.	4-t

47* GEO. III. Scff. I. & Seff. a.

C.

Cambridge to Royfton	-	-	*

Canal, See Ifle of Dogs.

Canals, Navigations, and Rivers; See Adur, Avon, Coventry, Lancafter, Loyne, Rochdale, Surrey, Weaver.

Canterbury Archbifhoprick (Sale and Leafing Eftates)

Carlifle (Cumberland) Courts of Juftice ■ — ■■ (Roads), See Newcaftle.

Cavendifh Bridge, See Loughborough.

Champneys H. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)

Chapel-en-la-Frith {Derby)	-	-

Chatterie6 Ferry	»	-

Cheddleton, See Basford.

Chertfey {Surrey) rebuilding Church, &c.

Chefter Roads, See Chapel-en-le-Frith.

.-------(Gaol)	-	5

Chefterfield, See Afhborne.

-	■ Earl (veiling Eftates)

Chew Moor {Lar.cajler) inclofing	-

Chichefler (Sufex) Market

Chillenden, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Chilton Pond, See Hurfley.

Chriftchurch, See Lambeth.

"	 {Middlefex)	Poor	-	-

Chriftophers Bridge (Suffolk)	-

Churches and Chapels; See Chertfey, Newcaftle, Nottingham, Shirectaks, Stoke upon Trent, Wall’s End.

Clyde River, Bridge over at the Ilowford Coals, Sale of in London, 8cc.	-	-

Colfton E. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)	-	-

Cooper T. Efq, (Sale of Eftates) _

Corfenfide (Northumberland) Inclofure	-

Cosford, {Suffolk ) Poor	-

Coventry Canal	-	-	*

Courts of Confcience, See Small Debts Recovery.

Cow Land Bridge, See Flookerlbrook Bridge.

Cowden, See Tonbridge, Wats Crofs.

Cranbrook {Kent)	-	.i

--------, See Kippings Crofs.

Crockhurft Hatch Corner, See Wats Crofs.

Cromarty, See Rofs.

Crofby {Lincoln) Inclofure	-

Croydon, See Foxley Hatch.

Culham {Oxford), See Sutton Courtney.

Cwn, See Rhuddlan.

Scfliun.	Chap.
	
ii.	54
ii.	128
ii.	3*
ii.	IOO
i.	8
ii.	52
i.	IO
ii.	6
ii.	S»
ii.	2 6
ii.	8+
ii.	3°
i.	5
ii.	45
ii.	68
ii.	lZ^
ii.	122
i.	lS
ii.	73
ii.	9
ii.	94
	4i

D.

Darlafton Lane, See High Bullen. Darlham, See Ipfwich.

Dartford, See Small Debts (Gravefend). Daventry, Leicefter, See Banbury.

Davers Sir C. (difeharging Eftates)

Deal, See Pilots.

Denbigh

Derby, See Afhborne.

- Bridge, See Loughborough. Deritend, See Small Debts (Birmingham).

- ii.	lot

ii.	ia

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

Dewfbury, Sit Oflitt.

Diferth, See flUiuddlan.

Dover (Harbour)	2

See plfa Pilots.

Dublin (City) Improvement of

Dumbarton

Dunfter, See Minehead.

E.

Eaftry, See Small Debts (Sandwich)

Eaft Smithfield,-Paving Efionedd, (See Ynys Congor).

Elmftone, (See'Small Debts (Sandwich). Elfdon (Northumberland), Inclofure Ely, See Wifbeach River.

----Earl of, Sale of Eftates

----Hie of, See 1 ile of Ely.

Enterclough Bridge, See Chapel-en-le-Frith. Eythorne, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

F.

•L	ii.
- ii	
•	ii.
etiuoD (WiYms	
•	I
•	ii.
.  - . (	i.
•0	ii.



Fife	-	•

Fletcher J. B. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)	«	. «

Flixborough, See Crofby.

Flookerfbrook Bridge (Chejler)	-	«

Folkftone (Harbour)	,	—

Fofter Mary (veiling Eftates)	-	-

Fourdrinier’s (Patent for making Paper)	-

For ley Hatch (Croydon)	-	«

Frodingham, See Crolby.

Frodfham Bridge, See Weaver Navigation.

—--------; See Flookerfbrook Bridge.

G.

Galway Gaol	-	“	•

Gaols, See Chefter, Galway.

Gee Rev<1 R., See Moyfer Eftate.

} Parilhes, Wo/tminfter, (Paving).

Glafgow (City), Paving, &c.

Globe Infurance Company, See Annuities.

Goodneftone next Wingham, See Small Debts (Sandwich). Golberton, Sie Small Debts (Elloe).

Gottefbach, See Banbury.

Gouthurft Gole, See Kippings Crofs.

Graffham, See Great Staughton.

Graham G. E. Efq. and Wife (veiling Eftates)

Gravefend, See Small Debts.

Great Grimfby Haven ...

—. Staitghton- (Huntingd/fri) Inclofure

----- Torrmgton (Dtrhyjhire)	-	»

Grim ft on. See 'York.	•

Gwynjie, See Aberayron.

*; 3	,i ■ <
	:i:. 1
i.	II, IS
ii.	125
ii.	15, 17
ii.	2
ii.	60
ii.	»3»
i.	2S

Clup.

®9

74

109

11

17

120

'3/1.1

38 29

60

48

28

97





47° GEO. III. Se(T. i. & Seff.2.

H.

Hackney St.John, (See Stratford Cow Water Works).

Hall (Anij), Sale of Eftates	-

Hamilton Sir James (Partition of Eftates)

Harbourne, See Small Debts (Hales Owen).

Harbours, See Aberayron, Dover, Folkllone, Great Grimlby, Leith, London Dock Company, Peterhead, Ynys Congor. Haremofs, See Scots Dyke.

Harrifon J. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)	-

Hawicks, See Scots Dyke.

Heage (Derbyjhire)	-	-	-

Henry J. J. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)	-	-

Highatn, See Heage.

High-Bullen (Stafford)	-	-

Holborn, See Weflminfter.

Iioldernefs, (See Ottringham).

Holyhead, See Porthacthwy Ferry.

Honiton (Devon)	-	-	•	-

Horncaftle, See Small Debts, (Bolingbroke).

Horlham (Suffex)	-	-	£

Horton, See Honiton.

Howford, See Clyde.

Huddersfield, See Birftall.

Hunton, (Tori) Inclofure	-	5	«.

Hurficy (Southampton) to Newbury	»	■

Hurll (Berks and Wilts) Inclofure	•	■

Chap.

roj

J21

46

123

92

6

116

*S

ill

I.

Ickham, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Ilminfter, See Honiton.

Inclofures, See the Names of the feveral Places to which the Inclofures relate.

Inglis Sir Hugh, Sale of Eftates	-

Invernefsfhire, See Rofs.

Jones A. Efq. (repealing Eftate Ac!)

Ipfwich Roads -

-------, Small Debts	-

Irby, See Great Grimfby Haven.

Irftead (Norfolk) Inclofure	•	»

Ifle of Dogs (London Canal)	-	-

------Ely (draining Fen Lands)	...

------Thnnet, See Pilots, Small Debts.

Iflingcon St. Mary, See Stratford Bow Water Works.

ii.	124

ii.	118

ii.	49

ii.	79

"I

19

31

5=>

83

K.

Kent (County Rate, &c.)

Kexby Bridge, See Beverley ; York King (difeharging Sir Ch. Daver3’ Eftate) Kinghorn (Fife) Beer and Ale Kippings Crofs (Kent)

Kirton, See Small Debts, (Bofton).

»•	34

ii.	108

ii'.	42

ii.	18



H

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS:

		Seflion.	Chap.
L.			
Lambfcrliurit Pound [Kent), See Wadhurft.			
Lambeth, &c. {Surrey) Lampeter, See LLtndilo.	*	ii.	”5
Lanark -	-	ii.	4 5
Lancaller (Canal Navigation)	-	ii.	* *3
	(Wharf) ....	-	ii.	37
Langholm, See Scots Dyke.  Lawrence St., See Small Debts (Sandwich).  Leigh Brook and Ockher-Hill, See Muckley Corner.			
Leith Harbour * -	-	iL	3
Lefbury, See Warkworth.  Lelfnels, See Small Debts (Blackheath).			
Lkmcourt, See Davers.			
Lichfield, See Birmingham.  Liffey River, See Dublin.  Limerick, Paving ...		ii.	7.5
Line River (Bridge) - - -Little., See Small Debts (Blackheath).	“	ii.	15
Littlebourn, See Small Debts^ Sandwich). Llandilo to Lampeter (Carmarthen)		ii.	8q
Llanelly (Carmarthen) Inclofure  Lloyd Tho' Efq. & Eliza Bella, See Inglis Sir Hugh.	*	ii.	107
London, Coals * - **		ii.	63
		Dock Company - -	-	ii.	S
	Life AYfoc union, See Annuities.  — Port -		ii.	3t
Longlioughton (Northumberland) Inclofure Longlays, See Cambridge.	*	ii.	24
Longtown, See Brampton. Lofiock, See Chew Moor.			
Lottery, See Bowycr.  Loughborough (Leicejier) - -		ii.	*2
Lovell Heath, See Brighthdlmfton.			
Lune,‘' 0I ’ } RLvCr	-	ii.	37
Lutterworth, {'See Banbury).			
- M.			
Macnamara, See Jor.cs.  Madocks, W.A.. Efq. » Maidftont, See Tonbridge.	-	ii.	36
Margate, See Sandwich.  Marriages, (Validating) - -		ii.	76
Martham (Norfolk) Inclofure -	-	2.	39
Martin Saint, Birmingham, enlarging Churchyard, See.  Melkfham, Set Small Debts, (Bradford).		V	15
Mere {Wilts) Inclofure	-	i.	42
Merioneth - -	-	ii.	12
jMerfey River, See Weaver River.  Metcalfe T. Efq. See Moyfer Eftate.  Michael, Saint (Limerick, Paving) - * Middleton, See Whitley.  Mddenhall River See lile of Ely.	-	ii.	75
			
Mill Field See Great Grin.(by Haven.			
Mdlfield Burn, See Percy’s Crofs.  Minehead (Somerset) - - * S	-	i.	27

47° GEO. III. SefT. J. & Seff. 2,

M'nftcr, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Meek Bridge,’ See Adur.

Monition, Set Small Debts (Sandwich).

Mordcn College, (Exchanging of Eftates)

Moyfer Eftate [Yorkshire) Partition of	-

Mueklcy Corner (Stafford)

N.

Naim, See Rofs.

Newbury, See Hurfley.

Newoibounder-Lyme, (Stafford) Chapelriej	•

.---------upon	Tyne to Carlifle, (Roads)	-	•

Newington, See Lambeth.

Newmarket, See Chriftophers Bridge.

Newtoun River, See Hurfley.

New Windfor, (Paving)	-	»

Ni..io.as Saint, \	SmaH Debts (Sandwich)

Nonnington J	'	'

Norfolk, See Ifle of Ely.

Norron-in-the-Moor, See Newcaftle-under-Lyme. Nottingham Chapel	3

Nunbrook, See Birftall.

Nuns Farm, See Great Grimfby Haven.

O.

Openwood Gate, See Afhbome.

Ofiett, (York) Inclofure	-	3

Orrringham, (York) Draining Lands	~<	-

Oa^ 'd, See Coventry Canal.

P.

Paper Patent, See Fourdrinier.

Parker j W. Efq. See Inglis.

Patrixbourn, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Paving, See Aldgate, Dublin, Glafgow, New Windfor, Woolwich. Pelican Infurance Company, See Annuities.

Penryn, (Cornwall)	...

Penftiurll Town, See Wat’s Crofs.

Percy’s Crofs, (Northumberland)

Perth, County Hall	...

------ Roads	-	.

Peterhead, (Aberdeen) Harbour Pilots, Briftol -

------Thames Si Medway	»	-

Polftead, See Cosford.

Pcrthaethwy Ferry (Anglefey)

Poor, See Chriftchurch, Cosford.

Ports, See London, Briftol.

Prtfton-neit-Wingham, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Provident Inftitution, See Annuities.

Pullens Lfill. See Wadhurft.

. Q.

Queen Street, See Flookerfbrook Bridge.

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

R.

Rauifgate, See Sandwich ; Small Debts (Sandwich).

Redruth, See I’earyn.

Reigatc, See Fox Icy Hatch.

Repps (Norfolk) Inclofure	-	•	-

Rhuddian {Flint) Inclofure Ripley, See Alhborne.

Iliners, F. Efq. Leafing Edates River Adur, See Adur.

----- Anna Liff'ey, See Dublin.

-----Avon, See Avon.

-----Clyde, See Clyde.-

___ VV^ver ]" ^ee leaver Navigation.

Rochdale Canal Navigation ■--------Road's	-

Rofs (regulating Statute Labour), Stc.	-	•

Rokelley, dee Small Debts (Blackheath).

Rowley Regis, See Small Debts (Hales Owen).

Roxburgh, See Scots Dyke.

' Roylton, See Cambridge.

s.

Saint Afaph, See Rhuddian.

—— Botolph Aldgate, See Aldgatc.

-----Georgd the Martyr, (Surrey) Redtor

Giles^’ Weltminfter.

Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth

Sandwich {Kent)	...

Sarr, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Schoolmalters Widows, &c. (Scotland)	-	*

Scots Dyke (Dumfries)

Selkirk	-	*	.

Seflions Houfe, See Weltminfter.

Sevenoaks Common, See Wat’s Crofs.

Sewers, See Weftminlter.

Sheffield, See Affiborne.

Shenllor.e, See Birmingham.

Shephcrdfwell, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Sherrill Heathy See Swathling.

Shipdham {Norfolk) Inclofure Shireoakes Chapel, {Nottingham)

Shirland" Lodge, See Heage.

Sibbertfwould, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Sibfon, See Stibbington.

Skirkbeck, See Small Debts, (Bolton).

Small Debts, Recovery.

-----------------Birmingham, Stc.

-	—-----------Blackheath Hundred, See.

------------i----Bolingbrooke St Horncaftk, (Lincoln)

—	------------- Bolton, &c.

-----------------Bradford, Melklham 81 Wharlfdown {Wilts)

-----------------Elloe {Lincolnjhire), Stc.

-----.—---------- Gravefend, Stc. {Kent)

-----------------Hales Owen, Stc.	-	•

-----------------Ipfwich, [Siiffoli)

----- -----—. Sandwich Town and Port, 8ce.

-—— Thanet, lile of	•

Scfiion.	Chap.
i.	43
ii.	62
ii.	102
ii.	81
ii.	51
i.	13
	
ii*	132
ii.	12
i.	22
	. ..J
ii.	**5
i.	24
i.	2.3
	
	.‘I  >.’t
ii.	66
ii.	6l
i.	34
i.  ii.	it
ii.	I
ii.	39
i.	37
ii*	40
i.	3<5
ii.	79
i.	35
ii.	7

47cGEO. III. Self. i. & Seff.

Soakes of Bolingbroke, Set Small Debts, (Bolingbroke). South Town, See Ipfwich.

Southborough, See Wat’s Crofs.

Southwark, Saint George; See Lambeth.

Spencer, Lord Robert (Exchanging Eftates)

Standard Hill, (<SVe Nottingham).

Staple, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Staughton, See Great Staughton.

Steyning Hill, See Horfham.

Stibbington cum Wandesford (Huntingdon) Inclofure Stilebridge, See Kipping's Crofs.

Stodmarfh, See Small Debts (Sandwich). Stoke-upon-Trent, (Churches and Chapels)

Stonar, See Small Debts (Sandwich).

Stone Dale, See York.

Stourmouth, Set Small Debts (Sandwich).

Sttatford Bow Water Works,	.

Surfleet, See Small Debts (Elbe).

Surrey Canal -	a	-t	.

Sutherland, See Rofs.

Sutton Courtney (Beils) Bridge	~

Swathling, (Hants)	-	•	«

T.

Thames River, (Bridge at Sutton Courtney) And See Pilots 'i h-inet, Hie See Small Debts, Pilots.

Thorpe, (Surrey) Inclofuro	-	-	-

Tiblhelf, See Heage.

Tidefwell (Manor) Inclofure	-

Tipping B. Efq. (Sale of Eftates)	-

Tipton, See Small Debts (Hales Owrcn).

Toltingtrough, (See Small Debts, Gravefend).

Tonbridge, (Kent)	-

Torrington, See Great Torritigton.

'fraeth Mawr Sands, See Maddocks.

Tweed River, (Fifliery)	-	-

u.

Undsrden Green, See Kipping’s Crofs.

Upper Sand End, See Great Grimfby Haven.

V.

Yernon Lord, (Vefting Eftates)

W. '

Wadhurft (SuJTex) to Weft Farley Street, (Kent) Walderlhare, See Small Debts (Sandwich). Wallington, See Small Debts (Blackheath). Walmer, See Small Debts (Sandwich). Wall’s-End (Northumberland) Church, See. vValfall. See Muckley Corner.

Walfoker, See Wifbeach River.

Wandesford or Wansford, See Stibbington.

AS anlhuts Green, See Kipping’s Crofs.

I

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

V/arkWbrth, Northumberland1) Inciofure Watciet, See Vlinehead.

V/atea Works, See Stratford Bow.,

V/at’sjCrofs, {Kent)'	-	-	’	■	'

—	1---tr— ylnd See Tonbridge.

Wciver RlvcrjNavigation

Wednyfbury, pVa High Bullcn, MuckleyCorner., Wefiriinfter Sjewcrs

------i---Having, &tc.

-■ i—.— Stiltons Houfc	- •	•

—	-----Arid See Coals.

Weft Bromichi See Small Debts (Hales Owen).

Weft, jHem ietta &. Jamc? (Leafing Eftates)

Weft parity Street, See 'CVadhurft.

Wefton Point, See Weaver Navigation.

Whefton, See Tidefwell.	'	•

Whitby to Middleton [Tori)

Whitmore' (Ch ipeby)., See NewcaiUe-under-Lytne. WhorlfUovVh, .i-etSmali Debts, Bradford.

WhyteiRohert Eft]. See Moyfer Eftate.

Wl«3tl>jjmbH:uv, See Small Debts (Sandwich). Willianifon.Ma da, See Hamilton.

Widows, Av Stiibolmafiers.

"WHdarlpodl'Caltleway, See Elookerfbrook Bridge. Wiiir.intton, A’dr Small Debts, (Gravefend) j Wilfley Green, .See Kipping's Crofs.

Windfot (Paving)	-	-	••

Wihghajn, 'Sec Small Debts (Sandwich).

Wtfbeaclt, Rivet Navigation

Wifetch, Saint jftetcr SwCnAteries Ferry.

Wold Newton Church, Sec Great Grimfby IJaven.

Wolcf, iVe Percy’s Crofs.

Wood'’cfimrcugli } Set 6ma,! Dcbti (Sandwich, Thanet). Woolwich {Kent) Paving, See.

W orkfbp, Set Sid re Oaks Chapel.

Wymcnlwould, GvSmall Debts (Sandwich).

Y.

YnysCoifgor {Carnarvon) Harbour

York to Kcxby Bridge	-	-	*

27

95

8t:

7,

3

67

*■

26

133

I. ON I) 0 N Printed hv Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printps to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1807.

1

G E O R G I I III.

Britanniarum Regis,

f	^

QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO. ft g	Seff.	2.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of tire Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith :

Being the FIRST SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell: 2.

•*♦#***##************#*•»«**#****•*******♦*****»*****«*

Cap. i.

An Aft for the more fpeedy and eafy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Parifh o{ BoJIoti, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton (except the Parilhes of Gojberton and Surfleet) in the County of Lincoln.	[25th	July	1807,]

WHEREAS the Borough of Bojlon in the County of Lincoln is an ancient Corporation, as well by Prefcription as Charter, is a confiderable Sea Port and Market Town, having a great and extenfive Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and is alfo much connected in Trade and Bufinefs with the feveral Parilhes and Places in the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton aforefaid : And whereas an Act was made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of his late Majcity King George the Second, intituled, An Ad for the more eafy andfpeedy Recovery *6G. 2. c. 7. if Small Debts within the Borough if Bolton and Skirbeck Ouarter and the Parifhes of Bolton and Skirbek in the County of Lincoln : And whereas another Aft was made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Hisprefent Majelty, intituled, An Adfor the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncaltle, and Wapentakes c/'Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parijh of Great Sturton) and within the Wapentakes Of Louth Like, Ludborough, and Calceworth, end Parifhes of Wrangle,

Leake, Lever ten, Benington, Butterwick, I’reilton, and Fifhtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln : And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the laid *

Borough, and in the laid Parifhes and Places, and to theneceflary Support and Protection of ufeful Credit within the fame, if the faid Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second was wholly repealed, and if the faid Aft of the Nineteenth Year of His prefent Maly-^-	Per.]	A 2	jefty.

4

Commiflion-

cr«.

4?° GEORGiI III. Seff.2. Cap.i.

jefty, fo far as the fame relates to the faid Parifhes of Wrangle, Leake, Lever ion, Benington, But Ur wick, and Fret/lon, was alfo repealed, and better and more extenfive Powers and Provifions were vefted in Corn-miffioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning certain Debts not exceeding Five Pounds, arifing within the faid Borough and Parifh of Boflon, and the faid Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirion (except the Parifhes of Gojbcrion and Surfeei); but fuch beneficial Purpofes cannot be effefted without the Aid of Parliament ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Provifions, and Things therein contained, and fo much and fuch Parts of the faid recited Aft of the Nineteenth Year of His prefent Majefty as relate to or affeft the faid Parifhes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Bulterwick, and Freijlon, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained, as far as the fame relate to or affeft the faid laft herein-before mentioned Parifhes, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Recorder, Deputy

Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the Borough of Bojlen, in the County of Lincoln, for the Time being, the feveral Juftices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the faid County of Lincoln, for the Time being, refiding in and afting for the faid Parts ; the feveral Mi-nifters of the Parifli Churches within the faid Hundreds of Kirton and Skirbeck for the Time being, Samuel Partridge Clerk, John IVayet Clerk, John Banks Clerk, Field Flowers Clerk, Bartholomew Goe Clerk, Samuel Barnard, Samuel Barnard junior, William Barnard, Bartholomew Claypcn, William Garjit junior, Challis Sheath, John Dixon, "John Watfon, Edward Hill, John Brotherton, William Harwood, Smithfon Taylor, John Carter, William Pepper, Samuel Tunnard, William Rodgerfon, Samuel Dickins, John Wells, William Wells junior, Alexander Magnus, Wejl Brotherton, Thomas Travis, William Bartol, Michael Potter, Johrl Barton, Robert Marjhall, Edward Houghton, John Bellamy, Thomas Wright,	John Harwood, Year Sutton, Jofeph Shepherd, Francis

Shipley, William Sharp, John Lungworth, John Sheath, Jofeph Pell Blackfmith, Matthew Munk, James Staniland, William Inge low, John Tborley, Thomas Wilfon, John Patiinfon, William Pattinfon, Robert Brelsferd, Eleazer Hotchin, Thomas Stennett, Charles Cave, Francis Snaith, Francis Snaith junior, John Wejlland, William Wilkinfon, Charles Rice, Samuel Rocklijfe, Thomas Rawfon, John Rawfon, William Rainey+ Daniel Ilobfon, Hanfon Scarborough, Edward Hutt/lon, Daniel Gajh Fctherby, John Hodfon, William Atkin, Thomas Beaver, George Robinfon, James Hellaby, Henry Clark, George York, Joftah Johnfon, William Kelfey, John Kelfey, Thomas Jarvis, John Skelton, William Waite, John Coupland, Stanley MarfhaU, William Porter, Paul Pell of Freifton, Jofeph Jackfon junior, Philip Plummer, Richard Calthrop, Richard Bazlinton, Richard Hanfon, Stephen Palmer, Robert Waldergave, Edward Black, Richard Gunnifs, Thomas Dixon, James Dixon, James Munk, John Tunnard, Thomas Tunnard, John Yerburgh, Richard York, William Higdon, Jofeph Dods, Thomas Bijhop, John Harvey Finch, John Thorpe, David Trim,

. \ 3	nelB

K

*

&i



5

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 1.

tell, Charles Green, Bracebridge Green, Thomas Dods, JVilliam Dixon, Richard Gleed, Thomas Arnall Gleed, Jfaac Lumley, John Mottram, John Cafswell, William Crane, II illiam Golding, William Barnes, James Hare, Henry Whyers, Francis Sewell, John Birkitt, John Gulling, John Coupland junior, Richard Birkitt, Edward Birkitt, William Soulby, William North, William Phyfick, and Richard Wells, fha.ll be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Parilh of Bojlim, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton (except the faid Parilhes of Gosberton and SurJIeet) in the County of Lincoln ; and the faid Commiflioners and their Succeflors are hereby conftitutcd a Court of Juftice, by the Name of The Court of Requejls for the Borough and Parfi of Bofton, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton (except the Purifies of Golberton and Surfleet) in the County of Lincoln ; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and afl’emble, and to hold the faid Court on Monday in every Week in the Guildhall of the faid Borough, or in fome other convenient Place within the fame Borough, to be appointed by the major Part of the faid Commiflioners for that Purpofe aflembled ; and the firft Meeting of the faid Commiflioners fhall be holden on the Third Monday next after the pafling of this Aft, and the Commiflioners prefent fhall eleft a Chairman for that Meeting, and fo at each fucceeding Meeting ; and the faid Commiflioners, or the major Part of them, who fhall be prefent at fuch Meetings, not being lefs than Three (except as hereinafter mentioned) are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all fuch Aftions and Caufes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give fuch Judgements, and to make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon with the Colls, againft the Body or Bodies, or againft the Goods, of all and every the Perfon and Perforis againft whom they fhall give any fuch Judgement, or make any Order or Decree, as to them fhall Teem juft in Law or Equity ; and in cafe of any Equality of Votes on any Aftion, Caufe, orQueftion, before the laid Com-miflioners, the faid Chairman, fo to be elefted as aforefaid, (hall have the decisive or calling Vote ; and if it fhall happen that no Chairman fhall have been previoufly elefted at that Meeting, then and in every fuch Cafe the Commifiioner prefent, who Hands firft in the Lift of Names of the faid Commiflioners, fhall have the decifive or calling Vote ; and the faid Commiilioners fhall and they are hereby required to hang up, or caufe to be hung up, fuch Lift in the Court or Place where the Commiflioners meet.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That on the Decifion of each and every Aftion, Caufe, or Queltion, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at leaft of the Laid Commiflioners fhall be prefent in Court j and on the Decifion of each and every Aftion, Caufe, or Queltion, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at leaft of the faid Commiflioners fliall be prefent in Court.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall be qualified to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, unlefs he lhal! at the Time of afting be a Houfeholder within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, and be poflefled of a Real Eftate of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoui'and Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever ; and if any Perfon, not

[Loc. Is' Per.]	B	being

Three Com-miflioners for Forty Shillings.

Five Commiflioners for Sums above that Sum.

Qualification of Commif-fioners.

6

Afts of Com-miflioncrs good before Con vision.

Commiflion-ers Oath.

Oath.

Election of Commiffioi-ers.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. i.

being fo qualified, fhall prefume to aft as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon ihall for every fuch Offence (over and above any Punifhment that he may be fubjeft and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who fha'l fue for the fame to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjter by Aftion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Lav/, or more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and in every fuch Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification fhall be on the Defendant, and it ihall be fufficient for the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or profecuted had afted as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft : Provided neverthelefs, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Afts, and Proceedings of all and every Perlon and Perfons, afting as a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in the Execution of this Aft, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being con-vifted of fuch Offence, fhall, notwithftanding fuch Conviftion, be as valid and effeftual as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Aft.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of afting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft (fave and except in adminiftering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commiffioners) until he fhall have taken an Oath to the Effeft following ; (that is tpfay)

‘ T A. B. do fwear ,[cr, being one of the Perfons called Quakers, do ‘ -*■ folemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially,

‘ according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine ‘ fuch Matters and Things as fhall be brought before me, "by virtue of ‘ an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, [fct forth the Title of this Act] without Fav our or ‘ Affeftion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ;

‘ and alfo that I am a Houfeholder within the Jurifdiftion of the faid ‘ Court; and that I am poffeffed of a Real Eftate of the annual Value ‘ of Fifty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoufand ‘ Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever.

* So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any one or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to admi-nifter in open Court ; and each and every fuch Commiffioner Ihall and he is hereby required (after taking the faid Oath or Affirmation) to fign and fubfcribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fuch Roll or Rolls (hall be carefully kept among the Records of the faid Court.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That when any of the Comm’ffioners hereinbefore named or appointed (fave and except the laid Mayor, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Councilman, of the Borough of Eoficn aforefaid for the Time being, the ieveral

JLvJJtic t»

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. i.	?

Juftices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland aforefaid, for the Time being refiding in and adting for the faid Parts, and the feveral Mini I' ers of the Parifh Churches within the faid Hundreds of Kirton and Sidrbeck for the Time being) lhall happen to die, or ffiall negledt or refule to quality hiinfelf for acting as a Connhiilioner in the Execution of this A&, by taking and fubfcribing the Oath herein-before mentioned, within Two Years from the palling of this Actor if any Perfon hereafter to be elected and chofen a Commiffioner (hall negledt or relufe to qualify him-felf for adting in the Execution of this Adt as aforefaid, within Two Years next after he fliall have been fo elected and cholen, or (hall accept the Office of Clerk, or otherwife become difqualified to adt in the Execution of this Adt, it fliall be lawful for the furviving and remaining Commif-fioners, or the major Part of tiofe who fliall be prefent in the Court at which fuch Vacancy fliall be notified or become known, or who fliall bi prefent at any fubfequent Court, to caufe the whole Number of Commi!'-fioners for the Time being, who fliall have qualified themfelves to adt as aforefaid, to be fummoned to meet at fome convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpofe, which Summons fliall be ferved on each of the faid Commiflioners, or left at his ufual Place of Refidence within the Jurifdic-tion of the Court, at lead Ten Days and not exceeding Fourteen Days before the Day appointed for fuch Meeting, and fliall (iate the Purpofe for which the faid Commiflioners are to meet; and the Commiflioners prefent at fuch Meeting fo to be efpecially fummoned as aforefaid, not being lefs than Ten, (hall and may and are hereby authorized and required to elect and appoint one other Commiffioner in the room or (lead of every fuch Commiffioner-fo dying, or refufing or negledting to adt, or becoming difqualified ; and every' Commiffioner fo to be elected and appointed, (hall be and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Adt, as fully and effedtually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if he had been herein particularly named.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Perfon Commi(Tio»-fo becoming difqualified (hall at any Time thereafter be defirous of being ers may be re-eledted on any fubfequent Vacancy, it fliall be lawful for the Commit- re’elei-ed-fioners for the 'lime being again to elect and chufe him to be a Commiffioner, fubjedt neverthelefs to the feveral Reftridtions aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it futher enadted. That the Clerk and other Officers no- Officers ap-minated or appointed by virtue of the faid recited Adt of the Twenty-fixth P°|ntcdby Year of his late Majefty King George the Second, fliall be the Clerk and Afttoexe-other Officers of the faid Court of Requefts, and fliall hold his and their cute this Aft, Offices and Employments during his and their good Behaviour ; and that and theMayor if it be found neceffary, from the Increafe of the Bufinefs of the Court andA1der-or for any other Reafon, that another Serjeant, or any other inferior

Officers is or are wanting, it (hall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Officers, if Aldermen of the faid Borough of Bs/lon for the Time being, or the major neceffary.

Part of them, to nominate and appoint any additional Number of Serjeants or other inferior Officers which may appear to the faid Commiflioners to be wanting or neceffary for carrying any of the Purpofes of this Adt into Execution ; and every fuch Clerk, Serjeant, and other Officer,

(hall be fubjedt to the Pains and Penalties, and Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations as are herein mentioned and ex-preffed.

4

IX. And

Time of

hearing

Caufes.

A ppointment of a Deputy Clerk.

If fufficient Commiffion-ers do not at. tend. Court may be adjourned.

Offices of Clerk and Crier and Serjeants.

Mayor and Aldermen authorized to fill up the Vacancy of Officers.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. i.

IX.	And for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court, be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners ihall not hold the faid Court or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes, to be heard or determined by the faid CouimifTioners by virtue of this Act but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon ; and nothing in this Act contained ihall extend or he pon ft rued to extend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witneffes, in the laid Court, in purfuance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the f, id Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons vvhomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy to aft in his room or (lead in cafe of Sicknefs, or for other fufficient Caufe, to be allowed by the faid Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and fuch Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to ifl'ue all Summonfes, Warrants, and Precepts, and to regifter all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the faid Court, and to do all iuch Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the faid Clerk by virtue of this Adi, and ihall enter and regifter, or caufe to be entered or regiflered, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by fuch Clerk, and kept for that Purpofe, all the Adts and Proceedings of the faid Court of whatever Nature or Kind foever.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe of the Negledt or Refufal of the faid Commiffioners a fuflicient Number of the faid Commiffioners ihall not be prefent to adt in the Execution of this Adt as is herein diredted, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it ihall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Commiffioners who ihall be prefent, and if no Commiffioner ihall be prefent it ihall and may be lawful to and tor the faid Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the faid Court to the next Monday or to fome earlier Day.

XII.	And be it further enadled. That the Cleik and Crier of the faid Court ihall and do perform in their refpeftive Offices, as they ihall be diiedted or appointed by the faid Commiffioners ; and tliefeveral Serjeants of the faid Court ihall ferve all Summonfes, and execute iuch Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch other Afts, Matters, and Things, as may be required to be done by them refpeftively by virtue of this Aft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That when and as often as it ihall happen that the Office of Clerk, or Serjeant, or Crier, or of any other Officer or Officers ihall become vacant, cither through Miibehaviour, Death, or Refignation, Sufpenfion, Difmiffion, Removal or Incapacity, theit and in every fuch Cafe it ihall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Aldermen of the faid Borough of Bojlon for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby required, to nominate

and

9

47°GEORGII HI. Sell. 2. Cap. i.

aikl appoint another fit and proper Perfon to be Clerk, or Serjeant, or Crier, or other Officer or Officers of and in the faid Court of Requefts, during his and their good Behaviour ; and until fuch Nomination and Appointment (hall be made as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid C.ommiffioners of the faid Court of Requefts, or any Three or more of them aflembled as alotefaid, to appoint luch Officers relpcftively to do the Bufineis of the faid Court, until luch Nominations and Appointments (hall from Time to l ime be made as aforefaid ; and all Perlons fo appointed by the faid Comminioners or any Three of them, (hail be and be deemed to be (during fuch ime as they (hall reflectively aft) Officers under this Aft to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments fpeci-fied in this Ad, and (hall be fuhjeft to be removed from their Offices in like Manner as the Officers from 1 ime to Tune to be appointed by the Mayor and Aldermen of the faid Borough of Bn/lon aforefaid, or the Major Part of them for the Time being are fubjcct to be removed : Provided always, that no Commifiioner, or any Perfon or I'erfons who fhal! k ep any Viftualling Iloufe, Alehoufe, or other Houfe of any publick Entertainment, or who {hall fell any Wine. Beer, Ale, Cider, Spi ituous or other ftro- g Liquors by Retail fhall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk or any other Office or Place of Truft or Profit belonging to the laid Court.

XIV.	.And be it further er.aded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all Difputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Aftions or Caules of Debt, whether fuch Debt fhall arife on any Proiniffory Note or Inland Bill of Exchange, or for Rent upon Leafes, Articles, Minutes, and in all Cafes of AJfumpfit and Injimul ComputaJJit, and in all Caufes or Aftions of Trover and Conveifion, and in all Caufes or Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all Caufes or Aftions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eftates whatfoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the 'Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatfoever, fhall be brought or come into queftion, nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on demand, originally exeteding Five Pounds ; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that lhall arife by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftamer.t or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiafticql Court; or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition for and by way of Retainer ofTythes, or for any Matter fueable therein.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Commiffioner of the faid

Court fer theliire being fhall be Party to or interefted in, any Caufe depending in the faid Court, or Iha’l be Father, Son, oi Brother of any Perfoi or Perfons conctineei or interefted in anv Caufe, Aftion, or Mat-< lLoc‘ & Per. J	C	'	ter.

What Debts to be decided by the Com-mifiioners.

Commiflioners not to de-termine any Caufe where the Title to Land is brought in queftion.

CoinmifPon-ers not to act w’>ere inte-relted.

10

Aflions not to be (plit for the Purpofe ofb ringing them before the Court;

but theCourt may decree infuchAftion fo fplit, if the Plaintiff (hall be fatisfied to receive the Money in full of all Pe-mands infuch Action.

Debtors to be fummoned before Com-mifiioners who may make fuch Orders between the Parties as thcytnink fit.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. i.

ter, fuch Perfon fhall not be capable of acting as a Commiflioner in the hearing and determining fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but after being heard in the faia Court fhall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer of the faid Court for the Time being, fhall be Party to or interefled in any Caufe, Action or Matter depending in the faid Court, fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, fhall not exercife his or their Office in fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be nominated and appointed in Writing by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five of them, to exercife the faid Office of Clerk or other Officer ref-peftively in his or their Place or Stead, fhall be and is hereby verted with full Power and Authority to execute the Office of Clerk, or Serjeant, or other Officer, in all Things relating to fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable any Plaintiff' to fplit or divide any Caufe or Action for the Recovery of any Debt where the whole Sum that fhall appear to be due and owing fhall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more Caufes or Aftions, for the Put pole of bringing fuch Caules or Aftions within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners, that any Plaintiff fhall have fo fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Aftion as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to difmifs with Cofts every fuch Caufe or Action fo fplit and divided, but fuch Dif-miffal fhall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjler, or in fuch other Manner as he or ffie may lawfully proceed : Provided always, that in cafe any Plaintiff who fhall have fo fplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Aftion, fhall be willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this Aft enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand in fuch Caufe or Aftion fo fplit or divided, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioners) fuch Sum to the Plaintiffnot exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem juft and reafon-able ; and fuch Sum fhall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiffioners, be declared to be, and fhall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Caufe or Cafe fo fplit and divided.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, (whether fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refide within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Account or otherwife howfoever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perfon or Perfons, or as Executor, Adminiftrator, Guardian, Affignee, or Truftee to any Perfon or Perfons, or due and owing to him as Chamberlain, Town

J 5	Clerk,

47° GEORG II III. Seff.2. Cap. I.	u

Clerk, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, or Colleftor of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commiffioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly affociated and conflituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfoever which the faid Commiffioners are by this Aft enabled to judge and determine, and not exprefsly prohibited by this Aft, by or from any other Perfon orPer-fons whatfoever, inhabiting, refiding, or being within the faid Borough pr Pariffi of Bofion, or within any or either of the Pariffies or Piaces within the Hundreds of Kirton and Skirbeck, or either of them (except the Pa-rifhes of Gojberton and Surfeet) or keeping or ufing any Houle, Ware-houfe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or ufing or frequenting the Markets there, or feeking a Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the fame, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who {hall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the faid Clerk, direfted to fuch Debtor or Debtors, expreffing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufe of Aftion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear at a certain 'l ime and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, before the Commiffioners of the faid Court, to anfwer fuch Demands and fuch Serjeant {hall forthwith ferve or caufe fuch Summons to be ferved on fuch Debtor or Debtors, either perfonally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant, or other Perfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf,

Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court; and upon due Proof made of fuch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and pafs fuch final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award fuch Cofts of Suit as to them {hall feem moll agreeable to Equity and good Confcience : and for the better Difcovery of the Truth, and more folemn Determination of the Matters and Caufes which ffiall be depending in the faid Court, it ffiall and may bejlawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in the faid Court to adminifter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the faid Court, or to either of the faid Parties whom they the faid Commiffioners ffiall think proper to examine touching the Matters then in queftion, and alfo to fuch Witnefs or Wit-neffes as ffiall be produced by each Party, and alfo to any other Perfon or Perfons whofe Evidence ffiall feem neceffary towards the hearing or determining any of the faid Caufes or Aftions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpofe requifite to the Execution of this Aft.

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That no Evidence ffiall be per- No Evidence mitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Aftion to be g>v^n as aforefaid, or of any Caufe of Aftion, except fuch as is {fated in the b? faid Summons hereby direfted to be given, nor ffiall any Evidence be “oiKST admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch his Summons, Caufe or Aftion of any Demand he, {he, or they mav have on the Plain- ,10r by D<>-

tiff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, to leffen or difeharee himfelf. !dLllj0lan>

6	1	r	tr	crofsBe-

nerfelr, mnnd he may

I 2

hsve on the iJIa ntiflf,

U’ lefs Notice he given thereof by him.

If Debtor does not appear Com miflioners may proceed;

and if the Plaintiff docs not appear to prove his demand, Defendant lhall have Cofts.

Commifiion-ers may award Executions againft the Body or Goods.

4/° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. i.

herfelf, or thcnffelves, from fuch Demand or Caufe of Atftion, unlefs No tice thereof in Writing has been given to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by perfonal Service, or by leaving at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing trading, or working, previous to the Day when l'uch Matter or Caule (hall be heard or tried.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Debtor or Debtors whir lhall have been duly fummoned as aforefaid lhall not appear, either in Perfon, or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, before the faid Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the faid Summons, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Gommiflioners aflembled in the Lid Court, alter the Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the faid Summons in Manner aforefaid to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make fuch Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award luch reafonabie Cofts of Suit as to them lhall l'eem molt agreeable to Equity and good Confcience.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if upon any Day of the Return cf any Summons iffued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Court, or of the Caufe on account of which fuch Summons lira 11 have been iffued, the Plaintiff oi Plaintiffs (hall not appear, either in Perfon. or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing lhall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Sa isfaction of the faid Court, but lhall be nonfuited, or Judgement lhall be pronounced ag-iintt him her, or them, by the faid Court, then and in .very lu h Cafe it fh 11 ar.d may be lawful to and for the faid Coinmiflioners prelenr in Court, to awaru to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Cofts and luch realonaole Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble, as they the faid Commiffion-ers in their Dil'cretion lhall think fit, and to order and compel ihe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by fuch Way or Means as arc herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the faid Court.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in any Caufe, ACtion, or Cafe where the faid Commiffioners lhall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of >>oney, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the iaid Commiffioners prefent in Court to award (execution either againft the Body or Goods of the Party againft whom fuch Order or Decree lhall be made, and thereupon it lhall and may be lawful to and for th • proper Officer of the faid Court, at the Prayer of the 1 arty profecuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to iffue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way, of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or fieri Facias, to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court, who, by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body of fuch Party, lhall anti may and is hereby empowered to take fuch Party, being wiihin the Junfdidion of the faid Court, and carry him, her, or them to the Common Gaol of the faid Borough of Jlo/lon, or i he Parts oi Holland in the County of Lincoln, there to remain until lie. Hie, or they lhall perform and obey fuch Orde , Decree, or Judgement for the Space of Time herein in that Behai, particularly directed ; and in cafe any fuch t recept lhall be iffued upon Execution againft the

Good

»3

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. I,.

Goods and Chattels of fuch Partv, fuch Serjfant fliail and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Diftrels and Sale ol the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, being within the Jurildiftion ol the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Coffs as (hall he fo ordered, decreed, or adjudged ; and if the Party, againlt v.hofe Body or Bodies any In cafe Par-fuch Execution fhall be awarded and Procefs thereupon (hall iffue, fliail by fhall ab-ablconding, or by fecreting or removing his, her, or their Goods <v Chat- c™' tels, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the -Service or Etfedl of any Goods, fuch Execution, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court, upon due Proof thereof made before them by tile Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, at their Dil» cretion, to award further Execution, either againft the Body, or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, and Procefs (hall iffue thereupon, and be feryed by one of the Serjeants of the faid Court in Manner aforefaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and it (h*H and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners from 'l ime to Time, in cafe they (hall think fit, for the Eale and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by feveral Payments or Inftalments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions, as may appear reafonable and juft to them the faid Commiflioners, for the Eafe of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs \ and it fliail and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, in cafe any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Inltalments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, and directed, fliail afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Inllance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant or Defendants, or againft any other Perlon or Perfons who may have given Security to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the faid Commiflioners, for the Payment of fuch Payments or Inftalments in Manner aforefaid, for the whole Debt, or fuch Part thereof as (hall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Cofts as to them (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and fuch Debt, qr((ucli Part- thereof, and fuch further Cofts, (hall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Cofts firft decreed.

XXIII.	And be Jt further enabled. That it (hall not be lawful to or for the faid Commiflioners to iffne any Procefs againft’the Body or Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants, in any Cafe or Cafes where.the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, endtled to tile Benefit of any Orfler, Judgement, or Decree, (hall have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame Defendant or Defendants.

XXIV.	And as it may happen that Perfons ferved with Procefs iffuing out of the faid Court of Requefts may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Perfons and Eff<?&s beyond the Limits of the Jurifdiction of the faid Court; be it therefore enacted. That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Twenty Shillings fhall have been obtained in the faid Court, it fliail and may be lawful to and for any of His Majefty s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJier, upon Affidavit made and filed of luch Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Perfon or Perfons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Pre-

[Loc. & Prr.J	D	cept

Procefs not u» ilTue againft the Goods and Chattels whilft Procefs againft the Body is depending.

Record of fuch Judgment may be removed into the fuperior Court and Writs of Execution iffued to the Sheriff of any Count ty, &c.

14

Clerk to in-dorfe Debt and Cofts on the Precept, and if paid to Clerk of Court before Sale, Execution to be fu-perfeded.

Penalty on Keeper of Prifon neg-leifing his Duty ;

and to be c'onvifted before a juftice of the Peace for the faid Bo ough of Boll on or Parts of uol-land.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. i.

eept of Execution having iffued again (I the Perfon or Perfons or Effeds (as the Cafe may be) ot the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons. Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurifdidion of the faid Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commiffioner authorized to take Affidavits in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch fuperior Court to canfe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgement to be removed into fuch fuperior Court, and to iffue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effeds of the Defendant or Defendants in the fame Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the faid Courts at Wejbninjter; and the Sheriff upon every fuch Execution (hall, and he is hereby authouzed to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the Effect* according to the Notice of the Execut on for the extraordinary Cofts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the faid Court, over and above the Money for which fuch Execution (hall be iffued.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That upon each and every Precept to be iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, the Clerk of the faid Court (hall indorfe, or caufe to be indorfed, the Sum or Sums of Money and the Cofts fo ordered, decreed, and adjudged ; and if the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Execution (hall be awarded refpedively, (hall before any adual Sale of the Goo s and Chattels, or before he, (he, or they is or are apprehended, or befo e the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifonment as herein mentioned, pay or caufe to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the faid Court fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, together with the Fee, or -Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk as a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Satis-fadion in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Execution (hall be fuperfeded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the faid Party or Parties (hall be difeharged and fet at Liberty.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Time being of any Common Gaol or Prifon within the faid Borough-of Bojlan, and within the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive and take into their Cuftody refpedively all and every Perfon or Perfons who (hall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, prefent in Court; and in cafe the Keeper or Keepers of fuch Gaol or Gaols or Prifon or Prifons refpedively, (hall neglect or refute to receive and take into his or their Cuftody any Perfon or Perfons committed by viitue of this Ad, or (hall before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perfons (hall be committed to his or their Cuftody, difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons out of his or their Cuftody, and wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon or Perfons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Pur-pofe in Writing, figned in Court by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, fuch Keeper and Keepers refpedively fo offending in either of the faid Cafes, and being thereof convided before any one or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid Borough, or Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, within their refpedive Jurifdidions, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath lbch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter)

r5

47* GEORGII ill. Sefi'2. Cap. i.

or upon his or their own Confefiion, fhn.!l for every fuch Offence forfeit; and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Difcrction of the faid Juftice or Juftices; and in cafe fuch Sum (ha) I not be immediately paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juffices before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhali be convicted, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum (hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender or Offenders, after dedufting the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and fuch Forfeiture when fo paid, levied, or recovered, (hall be diffributed in like Manner as the fevera! other Fines and Penalties are by this Aft herein-alter direfted to be diftri-buted ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to any Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the faid Borough or Parts of Holland, in the County of Lineolny for any J ime not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty, and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Cojiviftion, be looner paid and difeharged.

XXVir. And be it further enafted, by the Authority aforefaid, That No Privilege no Privilege (hall be allowed to exempt any Perfon liable to be fuminoned t0 al*°"e<* by virtue pf this Aft from the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court of Requefts, to ttor“"-s” on account of his being a fworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminfier, or of any other Court whatfoever, but that all fuch Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers (hall be fubjeft to the feveral Proceffes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the (aid Court of Requefts. in the fame Manner as any other Perfon or Perfons is and are fubjeft to the lame,

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That no fuch Attorney, Solicitor,

Scrivener, or any Perfon praftifing the Law, (hall be permitted to appear Scrivener, or jn the faid Court of kequefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for Pra&ifer of or-on Bchall of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perion, or to tllc Law‘> to be admitted to fpeak before the faid Court in any Caufe, Action, or Mat- be Advocate* ter, in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scriviner is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs; and in cafe any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, (hall appear in the faid Court of Requefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, pr Advocate for or-on Behalf of‘any Plaintiff or Defendant, or fpeak before the faid Court in'any‘Caufe, Aftion, or Matter in which- fuch Attorney,

SoKciror, or Scrivener, is ftot hifnfelf a Party or "Witnefs, then and in evbry fuch Cafe fitch 'Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, qn being convifted thereof before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid Borough, or Parts of Holland in the Countiy of Lincoln, within their refpeftive Jurifdiftion, upon tiie Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or on his own Conieffion; and ip cafe luch Sum of Money (hall not be paid forthwith by the Perfon .or Perfons fo offending, into the Hands of the faid Juftitje or Juftices- before whom fuch Offender (hall be convifted, then and : in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum of Money (hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels .of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals-of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducting fuch

Fine

47* GEORGII ill. Seff.2. Cap. i.

Fine or Forfeiture; and the Cofls and Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale, when fo paid and levied or recovered, fhall be diflributed amongfl the Poor of the laid Borough and feveral Parilhes and Places within the Jurif. diftion of the faid Court, in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be diflributed.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Fees herein-after limited and expreffed, and no other, fhall be taken by the faid Clerk, Serjeants, and Crier, for their feveral and refpective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to fay)

	On DEBTS nut	Or, DEBTS
	exceeding	above
soar -t1 3 si	Forty Shillings.	coity Shilling!.
TO THE CLERK.	/. d.	s. d.
For entering every Caufe -	o 6	I o
For iffuing every Summons ....	o 6	I o
For every Subpoena ......	o 6	I o
For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the \		
Court ------ J	0 3	
For every hearing or Trial -----	o 6	I o
For fwearing every Witnefs, Plaintiff, or Defendant -	° 3	o 6
For every Order, Judgment, or Decree	o 6	I o
"For a Nonfuit - - - - -	I o	2 0
For every Search in the Books or Minutes	° 3	o 6
For paying Money into Court in full ...	o 6	I o
If by Inftalments	I o	2 O •
For taking Money out of Court . . - -	I 0	a o
Tor acknowledging Satisfa&ion on the Clerk’s Books	I o	2 O
For every Attachment -----	I o	3 O
For every Execution ------	I o	2 O
For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infult'j		
or Mifbehaviour in the Court, or to the Com- >	1 0	a o
mifftoners, Clerk, or Officers of the Court - J		
TO THE CRIER.		
For calling every Caufe -	o a	° 3
For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant	O 2	° 3
For every Hearing ------	0 3	o 4
For every Nonfuit ------	o 4	o 6
TO THE SERJEANT:		
For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Sub-)		
poena within the Borough or Parifh of Boflon - J		
If out of the Borough or Parifh of Boflon Four 1		
Pence more for every Mile - - - - J		
For Executing every Attachment, Execution, or J		
Warrant againfl the Body or Goods - - /		4 0
If out of the Borough or Parifh of Boflon Four 1		
Pence for every Mile. - - - - J		
For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delin-^		
quent to Prifon, Eight Pence for every Mile >		.. #
diflant from the Place of Arreft to fuch Prifojx - J		

47° O E O R G11 III. Self 1. Cap. 1.	tj

And the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to hang up and affix, or caufe to be hung up and affixed, a 1 able of all fuch fees, in lome confpicuous Place of tite faid Court or Place of Meeting of the (aid CommilDoners, in order that all Perfons concerned may peruie the fame.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted, That in every Cafe where any Wages Debts due to or other Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, not exceeding the Sum of £

Five Pounds, (hall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-	'

keeper. Journeyman, Shopman, Shop woman, Affii'hmt, l.abourer, or any other Perfon whatfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it (hall and may be lawful to and for luch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwcman, Affitlant, Labourer, or other Perfon, to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the faid Court, in the fa e Manner as if he or (he were of full Age; and the faid Cominiffioners prelent in the faid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of, and proceed in, all Caufes concerning fuch Debts, in the fame Manner, and (hall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, were of full Age.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted, That no Perfon or Perfons whom-Time of Im-foever, who (hall be committed to any Gaol or Prifon by Order of the pufonment of faid Court, for any Debt or Debts, (hall be kept or continued in Cuftody,

on any Pretence whatfoever (except in the Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or1 their Commitment o Prifon, than is or are herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to fay) where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then, he, (lie, or they (hall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of the Cofts) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt ex. lufive of the Cofts) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and wh re the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Four Pounds and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Gaols or Priions are hereby directed and required to difeharge iuen Perfons accordingly.

XXXII.	And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons fum If any Debtor moned for Debts to the faid Court from the fraudulent Concealment of conceal* their Money or Goods, be it further enacted, 'that in cafe upon the y^lluie Summons of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the faid Court Time of hi* Information of any fuch Practice (hall be given, fuch Court (hall have Imprifonment Power to hear Evidence as to fuch fraudulent Concealment, and in cafe it llul1 be ea' (hall be proved, to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more larSea-Witnefs or Witneifes (which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifterl that any fuch Debtor has Money or Goods which he or (he has

wiltully and fraudulently concealed, then, and in every luch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the aforefaid 'i ime of Imprifonment to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

[Loc. Vfer.]

£

XXXIII. And

i8

The Time of Imprifonment to extend fe-pa -ately and luce-efluely for each Execution.

Delators not

liable to pay Gaol Fees.

Two Juftices may deter mine fuch Offence.

47’GEORGii III. Seff. 2. Cap. 1.

XXXtII. And be it Anther enacted, That all ind every Per ion and Perfons who (halt be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any-Piocds iffuing from or cut of the laid Court of Requefts, and who at the Time of his, her, or their being: taken into Cuftody, cr during his, her, or their Imprifonment, (hall have more than one Execution agairic him, her, or them in the faid Court, (hall be imprifoned the 1 ime by this Aft limited for and in refpeft of fuch Execution; and after thte Time fo limited in the fir (I Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the oecond Execution (hall commence, and after the Time fo limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the Third Execution ihali commence, and fo on until he, Ihe, or they (hall have been imprifoned the Time by this Aft limited for and in refpeft of each feparate I xecutioa to be iffued againft him, her, or them in the faid Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Itn-prilonment ; any Law, Statute, or Uiage to the contrary notvuthftanding.

X XXIV. And be it further enafted. That each and every Perfon imprifoned by virtue of this Aft (hall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of imprifonment be difeharged and fet at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatfoever •to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaols, or others, by way of Gaol f ees or Difcharge Fees, or on any othe. Pretence whaftoev'T; and if anv Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaols, or any Perfon whomfoever, (hall demand, rake, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Ferfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid. or (hall keep or .detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Priloners after the Time by this Aft limited for his, her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, or other Perfon, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and it (ball and may be lawful to and for any 1 wo Juftices of the Peace for the faid Borough of llo/Ln, or the Parts of Holland, in the faid County of Lincoln, within their rirfpective JurifdiftioP?, to hear and determine every fuch Offence ; and fuch Two Juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having- been committed (in cafe fuch Information (Itall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to fiunmon the Party accufed, and alfo the Witnefies on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Faft, and upon due Prcof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witneis or Witnefles, or by the voluntary ConfeflioR of the Party accufed, to give Judgement or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid ; and in cafe iuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying fuch Penalty and Forfeiture by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus if any) afer deducting fuch Penalty and Forfeiture and the Calls and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in enfe luffident Diftrefs (hail not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for Iuch Juftices to commit fuch Offender or

O.lenders to any Common Gaol or Flo the of Correction for the faid ■Borough or P’Pts of Hofl.tr.d in the County of-Lincoln, for any lime not exceeding Three Calendar Mouths, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Ooft-s and Charges attending fuch Conviction, be fooner paid and ---------	'	difchjrgedj

*9

47*GBOUGH III. ScfT. 2. Cap. i.

. difcharged ; and one Moiety of fuel1. Penalty or Forfeiture, v hen pS-d or received, {hall be paid to the Ptrfon or p; rfons informing; or filing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the find Goftt-miflioners, and the far e fliall be by the faid CornmifTioners d.i ributtd amongft the Poor of the faid Borough, and the fevt-ral Pariflies and Places within the Jurifdi&ion. of the laid Court of: Requeflr, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to the faid Commiflioners fliall ieem right and proper.

XXXV.	And be it further enafied. That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, or other Officer or Officers of the faid Court, employed to ferve any Exccu-tior., fliall by wilful Neglect, Omifiion. or Connivance, caufe or iuffer the Party againit whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded to efeape or abfeond, or the Goods ot fuch Party to be carried awry and hcreted, fo that fuch Execution fliall not have its due Effeft, it fliall and mav be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, upon C< ir.plaint and due Prooi thereof made? upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wiinets or Witneffes, to order fuch Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the lame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of their Debts; and it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioner , and they are hereby enabled to impofe any Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuch Offence, on fuch Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers, and fuch Fine, if not forthwith paid, lhall and may be levied and recovered by Diftirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Elands and Seals of the fajd Commiflioners rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing fuch. Fdje and the Cods and Charges.of fuch Diftreis and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafied, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, ©r Crier, or any other Officer or Servant appointed for the Purpoles <?f this Ait, fhall exact take, or accept any f ee or Reward whatfoever, other than and except liuch Fees as are appointed and allowed to them refpeftively fey virtue of this Ait for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on anv Account whatfoever, relative to putting this Ait in Execution, every fuch Perfon fo offending fliall, upon Gonviftion thereof before the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdict or Judgement being had againfc him in iffch Afiion as next hereinafter mentioned, be for ever incapable of ferving or being employed tinder this Acl in any Office of Profit or Emolument, and fliall over ana above

i forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to any Perfon or Perfon s who fliall fue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at IVeJiminJier, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed ; in tvhjcn Suit no Elfoign, Protection,

■ or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Glerk or Serjeant of the faid Court fhall negleft to iffueor ferve any.Summons in the due or proper Time for ferving the fame, or fhall be guilty of any Negleft or M /behaviour, or other wife mifconduft.himrelf in the Execution »f his Office, then ana in every fuch Cafe, upon Complaint made, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered in open

Court

Serjeant neg. lefting his Duty to pay the Debt.

Officers talc, ing any Fee beftdes the Fees all i wed by the Ati;

or if Clerk

or Serjeants (hall negleft to iflue out or ferve Sum-monies in pro. per Time, or

Ponidiing Witnefs not attending if fummofted.

may be fuf-

rao,ecL * Neglect, Mift>chuviour, or Mleoryduct, it (ha II ami may be lawful to and for the fai i Com niffi liters, and they are hereby empowered to fufpe.ni or remove the fuidCLrk, or Serjeant ©r Serjeants, lo offending, trom his or their faid Office or Offices.

X X XVIII. And be it furrlier enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons redding or bepik within the Jurifdidion of the faid Court, after having been duly ferved with a Subpoena or Summons to be iffued by the Clerk of the laid Court of Requefts, and paid or tendered his or her re.ffouable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence, at a Time and Place in fuch Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, fhal neglect to refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpoena or Summons, d ie Proof being made of the Service of fuch Subpoena or Summons, and qo u.ficiem Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appeayance being {hewn to the Satisfaction of the laid Court, and Oath being made be ore the faid Commiffioners by the Party or Parties at whole Inilance aid on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons iffued, that the • Perfon or Perfons ferved therewith was or were a Witnefs or Witneffes by fuch • arty or Parti s judged neceffary for the Proof of his, her, or their Caufe or Caufes, Aftion or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to impofe any Fine, not exceeding l ive Pound's, on fuch Perfon or Perfons ; and in cafe fuch Fine ihall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine (hall and may b; levied by Diftrefs and oale of the Goods ?tnd Chattels of the Offender or (offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and seals of the faid Commiffioners rendering the Overplus (if any) after dedu cing fuch Fine, and the Coils and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Fine when fo paid, levied, or recovered, Ihall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe Inilance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons fliall have been iffued ; and in cafe l'ufficient Diftrefs fliall not be found it fliall and may be lawtul to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction in and for the faid Borough, or for the Parts of Holland in the fai l County of Lincoln, for any Pune not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

Pmifliing XXXIX. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons upon Perfoi's guil- Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners, in any ty of Perjury. ^.g;onj Caufe, or Matter depending in the laid Court of hequefts, or before any Juftice or Indices of the Peace afting in execution of this Aft, fliall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence or fliall wilfully and corruptly fwear any Matter or Thing which (hall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convifted thereof, fliall be and he is hereby declared to be fubject and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes, in foice and effeft, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are iubjeft and liable to.

tr Si* And,

21

47° QEORGII III. Seff.2.

XL. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Penalty on Time to be made by the faid Commiflioners, and veiling the Commiflioners	0

of the faid Court of Requefls with Power and Authority to pimiih any Infult or Abufe offered therrifelves or the Officers of the faid Court; be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall infult or abufe all or any of the Commiflioners or Officers of the faid Court of Requefls for the Times being, during their Sitting in the faid Court, or in going to or returning from the fame, or fhall interrupt the Proceedings of the faid Court, or at any Time infult or abufe, hinder or obftruft, cr attempt or threaten to hinder or obfl;ru£t, any Officer of the laid Court in the Execution of his Office, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners then fitting (or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be thenafter held) to caufe a Warrant to be iflfued by the Clerk of the faid Court, directing the Serjeant to apprehend and take, or caufe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to be apprehended and taken, before One or more of His Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace for the Borough of Bojlon, or the Parts of Holland in the County of Lincoln, and upon the Fa& alledged being proved by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles again)I the Perfon accufed, the faid Juftice or Juftices is or are hereby empowered and required to punifh the Perfon or Perfons fo offending by Fine not exceed, ing Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it fuither ena&ed, That if any A£Hon or Suit for any Debt yerJ^se‘n recoverable (by virtue of this Act in the faia Court of Requefijs fhall be Courts for ) commenced in any other Court whatfoever, or eifewhere than in the faidf Debts reco- * Court of Requelts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs «rable in in fuch Action or Suit fhall not by Reafon of a Verdift for him, her, or them, orotheiwife have or be entitled to any Colls whatfoever ; and if tfie	;f°verdia

Verdidt fhall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adlion of for Defen-Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the fame fhall be tried or heard dant lha11 fhall think fit to certify that fuch Debt ought to have been rtcovered in the’ CoftT'^ * faid Court of Requefls, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Defendant oil ° Defendants fhall have Cofts, and fuch Remedy for recovering the lame.' No Proceed-as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cofts in ings t0 be re* any Cafes by Law ; and no Adtion or Suit which fhall be commenced of profecutedin the faid Court of Requefls in purfuance of this Adi, nor any Courvex^*' Proceedings therein, fhall or may be removed into any fuperior Court', cept, &c. except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Cafes where the Defendant or Defendants fhall have removed himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or his, her) or their Effedts, out of'the Jurifdidtion of the faid Court, after a Decree or Judgement, by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, but every fuch Decree and Judgement fhall be final and conclufive be- Nothing tween the Parties to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided always, herei" con’ that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo	any

as to prevent or reftrain any Perfon from diflraining for any Rent Or Perfon from Arrears thereof, although the fame fhall not exceed the Sum of Five draining Pounds.	t°r Rent.

Xi.II. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt fhall be due Where Debt and owing, or demanded,'from any Two or more Perfons jointly, by dae fror) reafon oron account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade or otherwise	lum'

jointly concerned, Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid on any One of of°them (ball fuch Partners or Perfons, or left at his, her, or their laft ufual Place or be Efficient. ' • [Lk. Per.]	F	Places

22

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. i.

Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lod jingj Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place'of dealing, trading, or w irking, (hall be as good and fa If dent as if e ch of fuch Partners or Perions were feparatfely fuinnaoned is afore-faid.

Statute of Li-rai.ations Ihall be pleaded.

XLIII And for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requcfts, it is hereby further fnafted and declared, That all Defendants in the faid Court dial I be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in force and effeft; and every Defendant To pleading or claiming, (hall have and receive fuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this Aft had not been made, and he, (he, or they had been fued for the fame Debt, or other Caufe of Aftioh, in atfy of ILis Majefty’s Courts at Wcjlminfler, or any other Cou;t, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the Aftion or Suit.

Recovery ' ^ XLIV. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties or ForFeitiirdS' by and Applica- virtue of this Aft impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering'whereof tion o l enal- j- not hereby otherwife particularly directed) (hall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of anv Three or more of the faid Commiflioners, (which Warrant fuch Commiflioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confefliort of the Party, or upori the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath' ; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be returned upon Demand to ,, t*he Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting fuch Fines and c , ■ Penalties, and the.Colts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the ' .v'. up Diftrels; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered r if hot herein-'-nrT'’ ‘	before direfted. to be otherwife applied) (hall be paid to the Clerk to the

faid Commiflioners, and (hall be by the faid Commiflioners diftributed amongft the Poor of the faid Borough and the fe-vCral Papfhcs and Plaetes .within the Jurifcliftion of the faid' Court of Requefts, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner, as the faid CommifTioners, or any Three or more of them, (hall think right and proper; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not be paid forthwith, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Steals to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the faid Borough, Or for the Parts of Holland in the County of Lincoln, there to remain without Bail or Mam-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonablc Charges attending the Reco-,yery thereof, (hall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

Form of Con- XLV. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where ahy Conviction. tion (hall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Aft, the Form of Conviftion (hall be in the Words or to the Effeft following'; (that is to fay)

*	DE it remembered. That on this	'	■	*:	Day	of

‘	,	in	the	Year	of	the	Reign	of

*	A.	B.	is	convifted	before

‘ of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the Borough of Bofton [or,

*	‘	before

47* GEORG!I Hi. Seff. 2. Cap.i.	23

*	before	of	IJfy,	Majefly’s Jultices of the Peace for the Parts of

‘ Holland in the County of Lincoln Ter, before

£	of the Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within

‘ the Borough and Parilh of Bo/ton, and the Hundreds of Skirbcck and

*	K\rton fpxcegt the. Parifties oiGoJbertm and Surflcet in. the County of

* Lincoln, of having \_as the Cjfence Jhall b'lJ and I [or, We] the faid

*	do	adjudge him [her, or, them] to for-

‘ feit and pay for the fame, fuch Offence being contrary to the Provifions ‘ of an Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this Acl\ the Sum of

*	Given under my Hand and Seal j[or, our Hands

*	and Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid.’

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That where any Dirt refs lhall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Dillrefs iifelf {hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fume be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Deleft or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating' thereto, nor lhall the Party or Parties detraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on accoum of any Irregularity which lhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftrain-jng; but the Perfon or Perlons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity, lhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe.	1

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That no Order, Verdift, Affeffmeftt, Proceeding or Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning any of rot to be the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviftion of tiny ^antofFor, Offender or Offenders again!! this Aft, lhall be quafhed or vacated for or be'remov-want of Form only, or be removed ot removable by Certiorari, or by any able by Cer-other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefly’s Courts of Re- tioran-cord at Weftminjler ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLVIIL And be it further enafted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall Plaintiffs not recover in any Aftion to be commenced again!!: any Perfon or Perlons for t0 recover any’Thing done in putfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice in Writing Ilia 11 ^e Rafter-have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days betoie Tender oi fuch Aftion be commenced, of fuch intended Aftion, figned by the At- Amende, torney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Aftion ; nor lhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender lhall have been made, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of tire Court, after fuch Aftion lhall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, Ihe, or they lhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings,

Order, and Judgement frail be made and given in and by fuch Courts, as in other Actions where the Deiendaiit is allowed to pay Money into Coi-rt.

XLK?!. Provided always, and be it enafted. That no Action or Suit Limitation frail be commenced again!! any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in of Actions.

purl'uanee

Diftrefs not to be unlawful for want of Form.

2*	47*	GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. i.

purfuance of this Ad, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ; and every fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of Lincoln, and not elf'ewheTe; and if any fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought before Forty two Days Notice fhall have been given, or after fufiicient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared ; or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiff, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

ins*-*' to"* i o ** * * ' *	:	*\	IL*'	*/ v *> *»**.■!	Ol Y- Yi:i;	Yt'I

Publitk Aft. L. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807,

*«*•** *»*«**#*********<********#**■*■***•##*** ****** is*-*)**

Cap. 2-

An Adi for conftrucling a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkejlone, in the County of Kent.	[25th	July	1	^07.]

THERE AS by building a Pier and other necefiary Works, a fafe and commodious Harbour might be formed at or near the Town of Folkejlone, in the County of Kent, which would be of great Benefit and Convenience as well to the Inhabitants of the faid Town and its Vicinity, as alfo to Merchants and all other Perfons trading to and from the laid Town, or elfewhere in the Channel, by affording Shelter and Protection to Vefl'els in ftrong Southerly Winds, and thereby be of great public Utility: And whereas a Survey and Plan have been made by a lkilful and experienced Engineer of the faid intended Harbour, and the Eftimate for the Formation of the faid Pier, and other necefiary Works, amounts to the Sum or Twenty one thoufand nine hundred and five Pounds: And whereas the Right Honourable 'Jacob Earl of Radnor, as Lord of the Hundred, Barony, or Royalty of Folkejlone, is entitled to or qlaims divers Rights and Privileges hereinafter mentioned, which might impede the Scheme of making the faid Harbour; but for the Benefit of the Undertaking, and for the Confi-derations hereinafter mentioned, is minded, for hitoftlf, his Heirs and Afligns, to waive and furrender fuch Rights and Privileges from the Time the faid Harbour lhall be completed, for and during fuch Times hereafter as it fhall continue to be ufed as hereinafter is provided, and to permit certain Rocks, Stones, and other Materials belonging to him and them, to be ufed in the Conftruflion and Repair thereof: But fuch beneficial Purpofes cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parl'ament; mav it therefore pleafe Your Maiefty [Lqc. is? Per.']	G	that

26

C' mpany to be a B dy

C-rjK.rate.

C mmonSeal

M de of fuing, See.

Pr priet rs to raife M ney f r making the iiarb.ur.

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefly. by and with the Advice and Conftnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authori y of the fame, That the Honourable William Folic-Jlonc, commonly called Lord Vifcount Foliejlone, Sir Henry Oxendon, Baronet, the Mayor of Foliejlone for the Time being, the Steward of the Hundred of Foliejlone for the lime being, Henry Mcckefon, William Maciefon, Henry Major, David Major, Stephen Penfold, and Stephen Penfold junior, together with fuch other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, as lhall at any Time herealter be poffeffed of One or more Share or Shares of or in the faid Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works to be conftrued and made by virtue of or under the Authority of this Act, and their feveial and refpeftive Executors, Adminiffrators, Afligns, and Succeffors, fhall be and they are hereby united into and declared to be a Company for the eonflrufting, erefting, building, making, doing, maintaining, repairing, and fupporting a Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharfs, and luch other Works, Requifites, Matters, and Things, as lhall or may be neceffary for the completing of the faid Harbour, and the Accommodation ot the VelTels lying therein, and for the other Purpoffs of this Aft, according to the Directions, and fubject to the feveral Provifoes, Regulations, and Reltriftions hereinafter contained; and fhall for thofe i'urpofes be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of 41 The Folkejlone Harbour Company,” and by that Name fhall have perpetual Succeflion and a Common Seal ; and by that Name lhall and may fue and be fued, and lhall and may prefer and profecute any Bill or Bills of Indiftment againlt any Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any Felony, Mifdemeanor, or other Offence indictable by the Laws of this Realm.

II.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, to raife and contribute amongfl themfelves, a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the faid Harbour and Pier, and all the Ways, Roads, Quays, Wharfs, and all other Works and Conveniencies belonging or requifite thereto, not exceeding in the whole Twenty-two thoufand Pounds (fave and except as herein mentioned) and that the fame fhall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each ; and that the faid Shares fhall be and are hereby vefled in the feveral Perfons fo fubferibing, and their leveral and refpeftive Executors, Adminillrators, Succeffors, and Afligns, to their and every of their proper Ufe and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they fhall feverally raife and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Perfons, their feveral and refpeftive Succeffors, Executors, Adminillrators, and Afligns, who fhall feverally fubferibe for One or more Share or Shares, or fuch Sum or Sums as fhall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the faid Harbour, Pier, Quays, Wharf's, and other Works, and other the Purpofes of the faid Undertaking, fhall be entitled to and receive the entire and Nett Dillribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money fo by them refpeftively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that fhall and may arife and accrue by the Rates and Duties, and other Sums of Money to be raifed, recovered, or received by the faid Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Aft, after

ti	die

V.

47° GEORG!I III. Seff.2. Cap.2.

the feveral Difburfements and Payments herein-afrer rcfp.edively provided ; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Perfon and Perfons having fuclrProperty in the faid Undertaking as afjrefaid, ihall bear and pav a propoitionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed and appointed, not exceeding Fifty Pounds for each refpedive Share.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Perfon and Perfons, of and in the faid Undertaking, or the joint Stock or Fund of the faid Company, (hall be and be deemed to be Perfonal Fflate, and tranftniflible as fuch, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for Three-fourths of the faid Company of Proprietors of the Shares afore-faid, at any Special Meeting to be appointed and held in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to authorize and empower the Directors to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, to create, fell, and difpofe of any Number of New Shares not exceeding One hundred and Fifty, of and in the faid Harbour, to fuch Perfon or Perfons and in fuch Manner as they lhall think proper, and the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch new Shares (hall be, and (hall be confidered, deemed, and taken to be a Member or Members of the faid Company of Proprietors, in the fame Manner as if he, (Ire, or they had been a Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the original Shares of and in the faid Harbour,

V.	And be it further enaded, That every Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Perfon who (hall, by virtue of this Ad, have fubferibed f. r One Share in the faid Undertaking, his, her, or their refpedive Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, (hall have a Vote in the feveral Meetings of the faid Subfcribcrs, to be holden for the Purpofes of this Ad, for every fuch Share, which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his or her Proxies or Proxy, conftitutcd under the Seal of fuch Body Politick or Collegiate, or the Hand of fuch other Perfon, every fuch Proxy being a Proprietor in the faid Undertaking ; and every fuch Vote by Proxy (hall be as good and fufficient, to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Principal had voted in Perfon ; and every Queftion, Matter, or Thing which (hall be pro-pofed, difeuffed, or confidered in any Meeting of the faid Company ©f Proprietors, (hall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefent, which Appointment of Proxy may be in the Form or to the Ef-fed following; (that is to fay),

*	T A, B. of	one	of	the	Proprietors	of	the	Folke-

*	1 Jlone Harbour, and poflelfed of	Shares	therein,	do	hereby

*	nominate, conftitute, and appoint C. D. of

*	to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Abfence to vote or give my

*	Affent or Diffent to any Bufinefs, Matter, or Thing, relating to the faid ( Undertaking, that (hall be mentioned or propofed to any Meeting of the

* faid Company of Proprietors, in fuch Manner as he the faid C. D. (hall

* think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgement, for the Be..

■ nefit

Shares to Perf nal Eftate,

Power to create 150 new Shares*

Suhfcribers to have a Vote for every Share.

Form of Appointment of t’roxy.

28

Power for Directors to call for Accounts,

and to make Calls on Proprietors at limited Periods.

Perrons re-fufing to comply with fuch Calls, to for feit Twenty Shillings for every Share;

andif refilling, for Three Calendar Months to forfeit all Jrterefl in the Undertaking.

4-^° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 2.

( nefit of the faid Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. ‘ In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand, the	Day	of

c	One	thoufand	eight	hundred and

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That the faid Direftors, or any Five or more of them, Tall have Power, from 'J'ime to lime, to call for all Accounts of Monies laid cut and diiburfed for the Pifrpofes of this Aft. by the Receivers and other Off -ers and Felons employed under the Authority of this Aft, and to make fuch Call or Cahs for Monty from the Lid Subfcribers, their Executors, Admii.iiirators, and Affigns, according to the Amount of their refpeftiye Subscriptions, f r the Purpofe of defraying the Charges and Expences in, about, or relating to the procuring and palling of this Aft, and in the next Place the Expences of carrying on the Works authorized or directed by this Aft to be done, as by them, or any Five or more of them, fliall from Time to Time be found wanting and ncceflary for thof? Putpofes; fo that no Cali lhall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Fiftv Pounds on the Sum or Sums fo fubferibed; and fo that no more than Three fuch Calls be nude in any one Year, and Ten Days Notice at the leaft lhall be given of a'l fuch Calls, by Advcr-tifement in one or more Newfpaper or Nvwfpapers circulated in the faid County of Kent, and in fuch other Manner as the faid Directors may think proper, which Money fo called for. Tail be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Manner, as the faid Direftors Tall from Time to Time appoint or order, for the Ufe of the faid Undertaking; and the Owner cr Owners of fuch Stock Tall pay his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Monies called for as aforefaid, at fuch Time and Place, and in fuch Marnier, as Tall be appointed for that Purpofe as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Tail neglect or refufe to pay his, htr, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares, of the faid Monies to be called for as aforefaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the faid Direftors, the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, fo neglecting or refuftng to pay the fame, Tall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Fifty Pounds of his, her or their refpeftive Subscription or Stock, or Part and Intereft in the faid Undertaking and Premifes; and in every fuch Cafe the faid Company Tall and they a: e hereby empowered to lue for and recover in any Court or Courts of Law or 1 quity. with Treble Cods, every or any fuch Part or Parts thereof fo neglefted or re full d to be paid ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Tall neglect or refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares, of the faid Money to be called for as aforefaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time of any of the refpeftive Times of Payment thereof appointed as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the fame may be fued for and recovered by the faid Company of Proprietors as lad herein-before is mentioned ; or otherwife, at the Option of the faid Direftors, or of any Five or mote of them, the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo neglefting to pay the fame, Tall forfeit all his, her, or their, refpeftive Stock, or Parts and Intereds in the faid Undertaking and Premifes ; all which Forfeitures Tall go to and for the Benefit of the red of the faid Proprietors, their Executors, Adminidrators, and Affigns, holding for the Time being Shares of the faid Stock, in proportion to their refpeftive Shares and Intereds.

VII.	Provided

' 47° GEORG 11 III. Sell* 2. Cap. 2.	29

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadcd, That no Advantage fliall N‘> Advan-be taken of any Forfeiture of any luch Stock, or of any Part thereof, until ^ after Notice in Writing of fuch Forfeiture fliall have been previoufly given or Notice. left by fome Officer of the faid Company, to or with the Owner or

Owners of fuch Stock, or left at his, her, or their ulual or lalt known Place of Abode, nor unlefs the fame fliall be declared to be forfeited at fome General Meeting of the faid C.empany, to be held within Six Calendar Months next alter fuch Forfeiture fliall happen to be made; and in cafe of fuch Forfeiture, the fame fliall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors fo forfeiting his or her Stock, Part, and Intereft as aforefaid, againlt all and every Aclion or Actions, Suits or Pro-fecutions vvhatfoever, to be commenced or profecuted for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between fuch Proprietor or Proprietors fo forfeiting, and the reft of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the faid Works.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfcns Reprefenta-fubferibing or holding any Stock of the faid Company of Proprietors, tivesofPer-fliall die before any fuch Call or Calls fliall have been made, for the full ^ /^°pro. Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums fo fubferibed for, or which he, vjf,0n being ffie, or they fliall have been pofTeffed of or entitled to at the Time of his, made for the her, or their Deceafe, without having made Provifion bv Will or other- fame)charged wife, in Writing, how the Money Hull be paid upon the futute Calls, tllerew'th' then and in every fuch Cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators of every fuch

Owner or Owners leaving Aflets, fliall be chargeable in refpect of fuch Calls, as for the Debts of fuch Teftator or Inteftate; or in cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators, or Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Perfonal Ef-tate of fuch Teflator or Inteftate, fliall refufe or neglect, for the Space of Three Calendar Months to anfwer fuch Calls and Payments, the faid Company fliall be at liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of fuch Owner or Owners fo deceafed, on Condition that he, fhe, or they fo admitted, do and fliall, on or before fuch Admiflion, pay to the Executors or Adtnini-trators of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, the full Sum and Sums of Money which fliall have been paid by fuch Owner or Owners, in his, her, or their Lifetime, by Notice of any Call or Calls, or otherwife, upon fuch Share or Shares of fuch Stock, or fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as the above can be fold for, firft deducting the Penalties that may have been incurred.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral Perfons fo as aforefaid j- - y . fubferibing towards carrying the faid Work into Execution, or any Forty- 0f the Com-S five or more of them, fliall meet together at the Houfe of the faid Earl, pany. called Fbe Ciftcrn Houfe, fituate in the Town of Folkejione aforefaid, within Thirty Days next after the palling of this Aft, of which Meeting, and the Hour thereof, Ten Days Notice fliall be given by the Mayor of Folkejione in One or more of the Kentilh Newfpapers, and by Writing to be affixed on the Guildhall of the laid Town, figned by the Mayor of Folkejione \ and that fuch Perfons fo afl'embled, poiTefled of, or being Proxits for not lei's than One hundred and fifty Shares as aforefaid, {hall and may proceed to put this Aft in Execution •, and that all fubfequent Meetings of the faid Company fliall confift of Thirty-five of the faid Company iLtc.&Ptr.]	H	at

5*

Power to ap point Auditors.

Power to ap.

pointOfficcrs

47° GEORG II III. Sell: 2. Cap.*.

nt lead, and fhall be held at fuch Time and Place, or fuch Times and Places, within the faid Town of Folkejlonc, as fhall from Time to Time be afcertaintd at feme preceding General Meeting, fo that no fuch Meet-* ing fhall be held at lefs than Fifteen Days from the Appointment thereof; and that Notice of fuch refpedive fubfequent Meetings liiall be in Writing, figned by Fifteen or more of the faid Company, or their Clerk orTreafurer (herein-after directed to be appointed) by tlmir Order, and a Copy or Copies thereof fhall be affixed on the Guildhall aforefaid, and inferted in one or more Kentifh Nevvfpaper or Newfpapers Ten Days at leaft (including both Days) before fuch intended Meetings refpedively ; and that all fuch Orders and Determinations of a General Meeting of the faid Company as fhall be authorized by this Aft, which fhall be made by the Majority of Votes and Proxies of the faid Company at any fuch Meetings refpedively held by virtue of this Ad, and not otherwife, fhall be binding and conclufive on all the Members of the faid Company

X.	And be it further enaded, That the Proprietors of the faid Company at their Firft and every other fubfequent Annual Meeting, fhall and they are hereby required to name and appoint Two Perfons to audit and fettle the Accounts of the faid Company, jointly with the Steward of the Hundred of Folkejlonc or his Deputy for the Time being, and that fuch Two Perfons fo to be appointed, together with the Steward of the Hundred of Tolkejiant or his 13eputy for the Time being, fhall be and are hereby declared to be Auditors for the Purpofe of infpefting and auditing the Accounts of the faid Diredors, and of the feveral Officers to be appointed under or by virtue of this Ad ; and that fuch Accounts fo to be allowed, audited, and fttlled by the faid Auditors, fhall be figned by them, and a Copy thereof fhall be, by the Clerk of the faid Company, from Time to Time, delivered to the faid Earl of Radnor, his Heirs or Affigns, when required by him or them, or on his or their Behalf.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall and may be lawful for the Proprietors prefent at the Firff Meeting of the faid Company, to appoint a Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, Colledor or C.olledors, Receiver or Receivers, Harbour Maher, and fuch other Officers and Servants as they fhall find • neceffary for the Purpoies of this Ad, and to appoint others in their Stead, as they fhali die, be removed, or become incapable of difebarging the Duties of their Offices refpedively, taking fuch Security or Securities for the faithful Execution of their refpedive Offices as the faid Diredors, or the Majority of them, fhall from Time to .Time think fit, which faid feveral Officers fhall not enter upon their faid Offices until Notice fhall be given to fuch Officers refpedively by the faid Diredors, requiring them to ad therein refpedively ; and the faid Diredors fhall from thenceforth, out of the Money to be raifed by virtue of this Ad, pay or allow unto fuch Perfon or Perfons fuch Salaries, Allowances, or Recompences, yearly or otherwife, for their Time and Trouble, as to them fhall ieem meet and reafonable; and that it fhall and may be lawful from Time to Time for the Diredors, at any Meeting, at which more than Seven Diredors fhall be prefent, to remove or ful'pend any fuch Officers as aforefaid: Provided always, that in cafe the laid Earl of Radnor, his Heirs or Affigns, fhall fignify his Difapprobation of fuch

Officer

31

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

Officer or Officers, within Twenty-one Days after he or they /hall be nominated and cholen as aforefaid, in Writing, to the faid Mayor for the Time being, that then another Meeting or Meetings of the faid Company, or of the laid Directors, ihall be holden for the Nomination of fonre other Perfon or Perfons to fill fitch Office or Offices of him or them to difapproved of as aforefaid, and fo totics quo ties until proper Perfons fhall be nominated and approved of by the faid Earl of Radnor, his Heirs and Afiigns, in Manner herein-before mentioned,

XII.	And*beit further enafted, That the faid Company of Proprietors at Eleftion of the Firft or any Annual Meeting, to be holden on the Second Wedrufday Chairman, in the Month of April in every Year, or at any extraordinary Meeting of the faid Company, fhall and may proceed to the Election and Appointment of a Chairman, by whom all Acts and Orders of the faid Meetings fhall be figned in the Name and Style of the faid Company, and fuch Chairman (hall have the fame Right of voting and of afting as a Proxy, as any other Proprietor; and he (hall allb, in cafe ot an 'Equality o( Votes upon any Queftion propofed or difcuffed, have the calling er deciding Vote, although he (hall have given one or more Votes before.	Vote."

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That within Two Calendar Months For appoint-from the palling of this Aft, a Board of Directors, confiding of Thirteen ingaBiiardof Perfons, (hall be nominated and appointed for conducting and managing m^3,r°rtShe° the Adairs and Bufinefs of the faid Company, which Board of Direc- Affairs of the tors (hall confid of the Mayor of the faid Town of Folkcjlonc, or his Company. Deputy for the Time being, and the Steward of the faid Hundred of Folkejhne, or his Deputy lor the Time being, and Eleven Proprietors in the faid Undertaking, of whom Eight (hall be Refidents of the faid Town, but not intereded in the Works carrying on ; and the remaining Three may he non-refident, to be chofen by Ballot by and out of the feveral Perfons fubfcribing towards the faid Undertaking afiembled at fuch Meeting, fuch Perfons lad mentioned to be refpeftively poffeffed of at lead Two Shares (of Fifty Pounds each) of the faid Capital Stock; and that they the faid Directors (hall and may meet at fuch Place or Places within the laid Town of Folkejlone, and at fuch Time or Times as the major Part of fuch Directors prefent, not being lefs than Five, (hall deem convenient for executing the Powers veded in them by this Aft; and fuch Directors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall continue in Office until others (hall be chofen in their Stead as herein-after mentioned, or until fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall rcfpeftively die, or decline to aft, or until any of the Perfons who (hall have been fo chofen as Directors from atnongd the Members of the faid Company fubfcribing towards the faid Stock, (hall have difpofed of his, her, or their Shares and Intered in the faid Stock, fo as to reduce the lame to lefs than Two Shares in the faid Stock; and in the Room and Place of every fuch Direftor or Directors fo as aforefaid appointed by the Subfcribers to the laid Undertaking, who (hall die, decline to aft, or dilpofe of his or their Stock as aforefaid, there (hall be appointed, out of the Subfcribers to the faid Undertaking, by the Majority of the faid Subfcribers attending at a Special Meeting cf the faid Company (to be called for that Pur-10	pofe.

32	47*	G	EORGII III. fe,T. 2. Cap. 2^

pofe, of which the Directors for the Time being are hereby required to give Ten Days Notice, in the Manner before directed with refpect to the Firft Meedug of the laid Company of Proprietors; one other Perfon or Perfons to fill up the Vacancy of fuch Director or Directors, and that each fucceeding Mayor lhall take the Situation and fill the Office of Director of his Predeceffor; and the feveral new Director or Directors lo as aforefaid to be elected and appointed, fhall continue in Office for fuch lime or refpjctive Times, and no longer, as the Director or Directors in whofe Stead he or they fhall be fo refpectively elected or appointed, ought to have continued in Office, if fuch Death or Deaths, Removal or Difqualification, had not happened.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Direftors to be appointed as herein-before menuoned, together with thofe who fhall be chofen in the Room of any fuch Director who fhall die, decline to aCt, or become difqualified as aforefaid, fhall continue to be Directors and Managers for conducting and managing the Affairs and Bulinefs of the faid Company, until the Works herein-after directed to be carried into Execution, fhall be formed and made fit for the Recepdon of Shipping ; and that within one Year after the faid Works fhall be made and formed, Four at leaft of the faid Directors (not being the Mayor and Steward aforefaid) fhall go out of Office, and Four others (not being the Mayor and Steward aforefaid) lhall in Rotauon on the Firft Wednefday in October in every fucceeding Year, go out of Office ; and in order to afeertain the Rotadon or regular Turn of going out of Office, the Directors who are to go out of Office fhall be afeertained and known by drawing Lots for that Purpofe, at any Meeting of the faid Directors, in fuch fair and proper Manner as the faid Directors fhall in their Difcretion agree to and approve or; and the Vacancies occafioned by their going out of Office, fhall be filled up at the General Annual Meeting of the faid Company, in the fame Manner as the Directors firft herein menuoned are directed to be chofen.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the Perfon the Office of or Perfons who hath or have l'ervcd the Office of Director, fhall and Direfters may, notwithftanding fuch Service, if otherwife properly qualified, be gMetobc're- eligible to be re-elected into the faid Office.

elected.

.	XVI.	And	be it further enaCted, That the faid Directors at their

Chairman feveral Meetings for executing this Act, fnall elect a Chairman, by whom by Directors, all ACts and Orders of the faid Directors fhall be figned, in the Name and Style of the laid Company, and who fhall have the calling Vote upon any Queftion to be determined, in fuch and the fame Manner as any Chairman herein-before mentioned, to be appointed byk the faid Proprietors at any Annual or Special Meeting of the faid Company.

A Genera! XVII. And be it further enaCted, That one General Meeting of the held'"carl0Company, fhall be held on the Third Wcdncfday in April in every ' *r!' Year, at the Ciftern Houfe before mentioned, or at fuch other Place as may be appointed by the Subfcribers, and fuch Notices thereof lhall be refpeCtively given and fixed up as aforefaid.

For appointing Directors in Cafes of Death, &c.

Perfons who have fervtd

XVIII. And

47* GEORGII HI. Seff.s. Cap. 2.	33

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Members of the faid For calling Company of Proprietors, who (hall together be PofTeflors of Eighty

Shares of the faid Stock, or upwards, or any Five of the faid Board of [/neccffary. Directors, ihall judge it necetfary or expedient for carrying into Execution any of the Purpofes of this A£t, or for calling in queffion any Matter or Thing ordered by the Directors, to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the faid Company called, and (hall requeft the fame to be called, by Notice in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Company for the Time being, fpecifying in every fuch Notice the Bufinefs intended to be proceeded on at fuch Meeting, then and in every fuch Cafe the Direffors to be appointed as afore-faid, or any Five or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Three Days after the Delivery of fuch Notice, to call fuch extraordinary Meeting (of which extraordinary Meeting Notice (hall be given in Manner herein before directed refpeffc-ing ordinary Meetings) to aflemble at fuch Place as aforefaid, as they (hall judge expedient, within Fifteen Days from and after fuch Notice, and fuch Meeting (hall be deemed a General Meeting of the faid Company ; and all Proceedings of fuch Meetings (hall be deemed as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the fame had been done at Meetings called and holden in the Manner herein-before appointed

XIX.	And be it further enatted. That all Accounts of Money laid out Accounts of and difburfed on account of the faid Harbour, Pi.r, Wharfs, and other 'v'oney to be Works thereunto belonging, by the (aid Company, or by the faid Direc- '»‘d]>e^0 etiie tors, or by the Treafurers or Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers ap- u pointed for executing this Adt, or by any other Perfon or Perfons whom-

foever, employed by, or concerned for or under them, in and about the . faid Harbour, Pier, Wharfs, or other Works thereto belonging, (hall annually be laid before the feveral Perfons who (hall be appointed to infpeft, audit, and fettle the fame, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and sharesmav far the feveral Proprietors of the faid Company, his, her, or their l ^e&ive be fold. Executors or Adminidrators, to fell and difpofe of any Share or Shares

to which he, (he, or they may be entitled therein, fubject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned ; the Conveyance of which Shares fhall be in the Form or to the Efiedt following :

*	T A. B. of	in Confideration of

*	paid	to	me by C. D. of

*	do hereby bargain, fell, affign, and transfer to the faid C. D. One Share

*	ror, Two or more Shares, as ibe Cafe may be] of the Capital Stock of

‘ the Folkejhne Harbour Company, being Number	to hold

‘ to the faid C.D. his Executors, Adminidrators, and Affigns, fubjeft ‘ to the fame Rules, Orders, and Reftriftions, and on the fame Conditions ‘ that I neld the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and

*	I (he faid C. D. do hereby agree to take and accept the faid Share [or,

‘ Shares j of the faid Capital Stock, fubject to the fame R ules, Orders,

*	Redactions, and Conditions. As Witnefs our Hands and Seals, the

Day of	One thoufand eight hundred and

And on every fuch Sale, th# Taid Deed of Conveyance being execute d \Loc. y Per.]	/	by

34-	4-7° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 2.

by the Seller or' Sellers, and the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Share or Shares, lhall be kepi by the faid Purchafer or Purchafers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or. Clerks to the faid Company lhall have entered in a proper Book or Books for that Purpofe, a Memorial of fuch Transfer and Sale, for the Ufe of the laid Company, and have teltified or indorsed the I'.niry of fuch Memorial on the faid Deed of Sale or Traiisfer, for which no more than Five Shillings lhall be paid, and the faid Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make fuch Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until fuch Memorial lhall have been made and entered as above directed, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers lhall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking, nor any Intereh for fuch Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in refpeC. thereof as Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Undertaking,

Regulations XXI. And whereas much Inconvenience may arife by the frequent Change as to the Ac- 0f ty,e Right and Title to the Shares of and in the faid Undertaking, by the Sh re°"y°	Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult in luch Cafes to

Marriage ;	afeertain to whom the Dividends arifing or becoming due upon fuch

Shares ought to be paid and do belong; be it therefore further enafied. That before any Perfon or Perfons claiming any Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking, in Right of Marriage, lhall be entitled to receive the fame, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Regilter of fuch Marriage, or the Effect of fuch Regilter, lhall be made and fworn to by fome credible Perfon before a Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or any one of His Majelty's Julticcs of the Peace for the laid County of Kent; and the laid Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, andjultice of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to fwear any fuch Perfon to fuch Affidavit, and fuch Affidavit lhall be tranfmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company of Proprietors for the Time being, who ihall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which lhall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks lor the Entry of Transfers and Sales of by Will, or in shares in the faid Undertaking ; and before any Perfon or Perfons claim-^ ing any Part or Share of the Profits of the faid Undertaking, by virtue mini ra ion. ^ atly ReqUeft 0r Will, or in a Courfe of Adminilt ration, lhall be entitled to receive the fame, the faid V. ill, or the Probate Copy thereof, lhall be produced and fnewn to the faid Clerk, or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of fo much of fuch Will as lhall relate to the Share or Shares of the Teftator, or of the Letters of Adminillration, in cafe the Proprietor lhall have died inteftate, lhall be made and fworn to by an Executor or Executors of fuch Will, or by an Adminiftrator or Adminiltratois of the Eltate and Effects (as the Cafe may happen to be) before a Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majelty’s Jufiices of the Peace for the faid County of Kent, and (hall alfo be tranfmitted to the faid Clerk or Clerks, who lhall file and enter the fame in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

Names of XXII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Company lhall and Proprietors they are hereby required to caufe the Names, and proper Additions of and Certlfi- ‘ ^le Perfons who lhall be entitled to the feveral Shaves in the faid cate delivered Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are refpeclivelv envy them. titled to hold, and alfo the proper Number by which every Share (hall be diftinguilhed, to be fairly and diilinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the laid Company, and afier fuch Entry

made.

47° G E Q,R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

made, the faid Company (hall caufe their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and fhall alio caufe a Certificate or Inffrument, with the Common Real of the faid Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every Subfcriber upon Demand, fpecifying the Share or Shares to which he or fhe is entitled to in the faid Undertaking, every fuch Proprietor paying to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company Five Shillings and no more, for every fuch Certificate or Inffrument (exclufive of the Stamp Duty thereon) ; and fuch Certificate or Inffrument fhall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of fuch Subfcriber, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, to the Share or Shares therein fpe-eified.

35

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Company of p0wcr to Proprietors fhall deem it expedient to borrow Money for the Purpofe of mortgage the enabling them t^ carry on the Works aforelaid, it fhall and may be lawful Harbour and to and for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Unties.

Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Intereft, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties of the faid Harbour, any Sum or Sums of Money which they fhall deem neceffary for effectuating the Purpcfes of this Act not exceeding Eight thoufand Pounds, and to demife, grant, bargain, and fell the Property of the faid Harbour, and the Capital Stock therein, and the Tolls, Rents, and Duties arifing or to arife to the faid Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act (the Cofts and Charges of preparing fuch Demife or Demifes to be paid out of fuch Tolls, Rate--, and Duties) as a Stcurity for any Sum or Sums of Money which fhall be fo borrowed, with Intereft, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or to his, her, or their Truftee or Truftees, who fhall advance and lend the fame, which faid Demife or Demifes fhall be made and granted under the Seal of the faid Company, and in the Name and Style of the faid Company, figned by the Chairman of the faid Directors, prefent at the Meeting at which the faid Money fhall be borrowed, and may be in the Form or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay,)

4 T>Y virtue of an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty-feventh Year ‘ ^ of the Reign of His Majefly King George the Third, intituled, [here 4 infert the Title of this Ad] W e. The lolhcjtone Harbour Company, incor-4 porated by and under the faid Ad, in Conffderation of the Sum of ‘	advanced	and	paid	to us by A. B of

‘ do hereby demife, grant, bargain, and fell unto the faid A. B. his Exe-‘ cutors, Adminiftrators, and Alligns, the aforefaid Harbour and Build-

*	mgs belonging thereunto, and all and fmgular the Rates, Rents, and

*	Duties payable to us by virtue of the faid Ad, and all our Right, Title,

‘ and Intereft, of, in, and to the fame, to be holden by the faid A. B.

*	his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, until the faid Sum of

*	with	the	legal	Inrereft	thereof,	fhall	be	fully

4 fatisfied and paid. In Witnefs whereof we have to thefe Prefents caufed 4 our Seal, Name, and Style to be put, the	Day	of

4 One thoufand eight hundred and

Which faid Demife in Form aforefaid, fhall be as valid and effedual for fecuring the Re-payment of the Money therein mentioned, as any Mortgage or Demife drawn in any other Manner, and fhall be conftrued equitably by all Courts according to the Intent thereof.

36	47’	GEORG II III. Seff. 2. Cap. 2.

m’^transfer XXIV; And be it further enafted, That it fliall and may be lawful to Mortgages'/ an4 ^or ^lc Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Demife or Demifes fliall be made as aforefaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Adniiniftra-tors, or Affigns, to transfer his, her, or their Right or Intereft therein to any Perfon or Perfons, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, which may be in the Form or to the Effect following ; (videlicet)

1 T A. B. of	in	Confideration of the Sum of

*	paid	to me by C. D. of

*	do hereby aflign and transfer the Demife made by

*	to	me, bearing Date the

*	Day of	for fecuring the Sum of

*	and Intereft, and I alfo aflign and transfer all my Right and Property

*	therein, and to the faid Sum of	Pounds and Intereft, to

*	the faid C. D. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns. In Witnefs

*	whereof I have hereunto fet my Hand and Seal, the	Day

£ of	One thoufand eight hundred and

Demifei and XXV. And be it further enafted, That fuch Demifes and Transfers beentered°	enterec^> or a Memorial thereof made, in the Book or Books of

the faid Company, by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Company of Proprietors, and he or they {hall alfo indorfe on fuch Demifes and Transfer a Memorandum of fuch Entry or Memorial; and until fuch Entry or Me mcrial be made of fuch Demifes and Transfers, and fuch Indorfements made thereon, the fame fliall not be valid or effectual.

Intereft of XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Intereft of the Money Monies raifed which fliall be railed or borrowed by virtue of this Aft, fliall be from fore'r/iv'/ bC~ Time t0 Time provided for and paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to dends. receive the fame, prior to the making of any Dividends to the faid Proprietors.

Notice to be	XXVII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Company

fdortgagees fl»U at any Time defirous of paying off and difcharging any Sum or to receive Sums of Money borrowed as aforefaid, they fhall and are hereby required their Money, and direfted to caufe Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing, figned by their Clerk or Clerks, of fuch their Intention, to be given to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, or left at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall confent to receive the fame without fuch Notice ; and every Mortgagee or Aflignee,

*o°vftgh" his> her’

or their Executors or Adminiftrators, who fliall require Pay-hke Notice ment	Pr^nc'Pa!	Sum	or Sums of Money due to him, her, or them,

when they re- fhall give unto the Treafurer of the fa'd Company, at any Annual or Spe-quire their cial Meeting, Six Calendar Months Notice of the Day on which the fame be°paidl° fl12^ required to be paid.

Officers to XXVIII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Trcafurers, Harbour account. Maftcr, Colleftor, Clerk, and all other Officers or Servants to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, fhall at fuch Time, and as often as the faid Di-reftors fliall order, render to them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fliall appoint, true and perfeft Accounts in Writing of the Execution of their refpeftive Offices, and of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Aft, and alfo of all the Monies which fhall

have

47° GEORG 11 III. SeTI.2, Cap. 2.

have been by them rcfpeftiveiy received by virtue and for the PurpofeS’ of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and dilburfod, and for what Purpofes, together with proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fuch Payments, and fnall pay all fuch Monies as lhall remain in. their Hands to the faid Direftors, qr to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint; and fuch Officers or Servants fo accounting lhall, if required by the faid Direftors, verify their Accounts refpeftively upon Oath, which any one of the faid Direftors is hereby empowered to adminifter; and if any fuch Officer or Servant lhall ref life or negleft ip render fuch Account, or to produce fuch Receipts or Vouchers, or to make fuch Payment as aforelaid, or lhall not deliver to the faid Direftors, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint, within Thirty Days after being thereunto required by the faid Direftors, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons fo appointed, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, or of their re-fpeftive Offices, or Duplicates thereof, or lhall refufc to verify fuch Accounts upon Oath as aforefaid, then and in either of the Cafes afore-faid the faid Direftors, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they.lhall appoint, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make Complaint thereof to any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Officer or Servant fo neglecting ,or refuting lhall be or refide, and fuch Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Officer or Servant to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Complaint in a fum-mary Way; and if upon Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Wimbles upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juf-tice is hereby empowered to adminifter) it lhall appear to fuch Juft ice that any of the Monies which lhall have been collected and raifed by Virtue of this Aft, lhall be in the Hands of, or lhall be due from any fuch Officer or Servant, fuch Juftice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Servant; and if (ufficient Goods and Chattels to pav and fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, and of the Proceedings for Recovery thereof, cannot be found ; or if it lhall appear to fuch Juftice, that fuch Officer or Servant hath refufed or neglcfted to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce the Receipts and Vouchers, relating thereto, or to deliver up all fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or Duplicates thereof, then and in any or either of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Juftice {hail commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction-for the County, Town, or Place where he lhall be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he lhall comply with the aforefaid Directions, or make Satisiaftion to the faid'Company; but no fuch Officer or Servant who lhall be fo.committed for want of lufikient Goods and Chattels as aforefaid only, lhall be detained in Prifon, by virtue of this Aft, lor a longer Term than Sfx Calendar Months.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Direftors from Time.to Time to make, frame, ordain, and efta-blifla fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as they 'lhall think fit for the good Government of the faid Company, and the Clerks, .A [Loc. ft? Per.]	K	Colfoftors’

33

Power to build a Pier.

47T1EOIIGII III. Sel.2. Cap. 2.

Collectors, Treafurer, Harbour Mailer, Officers, AlMants, Servants? and others, appointed or employed under or by virtue of this Act, and lor the better regulating the laid Harbour, and the mooring and Rationing of Veflels therein, and for the well governing, ordering, and managing of the Officers and Crews of fuch Veflels, and the Boatmen, Servants, and others employed therein or belonging thereto, and for the Relief and Aflillance of the Ships and Veflels reporting to or feeking Shelter at or in the faid Harbour; and alfo for the better regulating, governing, and managing the feveral Works, Matters, and Things by this Aft authorized and direfted to be made, done, and conltrufted, as well whilft the fame are doing as after they ffiall be finilhed, and for the more fafe and convenient {hipping, lading, difeharging, carrying, conveying, laying and de-pofiting of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes upon, to, or from the faid Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places belonging to the faid Harbour; and for the better governing and regulating Porters, Carters, Carmen, and others carrying Goods, or ufing or driving Horfes, Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, Sledges, or other Carriages for conveying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to or from the faid Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places ; and alfo from Time to l ime, as they the faid Company (hall fee Occaflon, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to annex, impofe, and appoint reafonable pecuniary-penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds (to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned) for the Non obfervance, Non-performance, or other Breach of or Offence againft any of fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations ; and alfo to make fuch other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as fliall be thought neceffary or expedient for effecting the Purpofes of this Aft, and the due Execution thereof; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all Alterations thereof, fliall be reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the faid Company, and ffiall be printed, and a Copy or Copies thereof, in legible Charafters, ffiall be affixed on fome confpicuous Place or Building near unto or adjoining the faid Pier, for the Iufpeftion of all Perfons in-terefted therein ; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations fliall be binding upon, obferved, and obeyed by all Perfons whoinfo-ever, ufmgor in any Way concerned in tile faid Harbour, cr any of the Works to be made, erefted, or maintained bv virtue of this Aft, and (hall be fufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juilify all Perfons who ffiall aft under or in purfuance of the fame ; provided that fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations be not inconliitent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any of the Claufes, Provifions, and Directions in this Aft contained ; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, fliall be fubjeft to be varied, altered, or repealed by the Proprietors of the faid Company, and fliall be fubjeft to appeal in Manner herein direfted.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That it ffiail and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make, conllruft, creft, build, do, maintain, anefc fupport on the Sands and Rock, near the Stade or Beachy Ground aforefaid, a Pier which ffiall contain, beneath High Water Mark, Nineteen Acres, a litile more or lefs ; and alfo, to make, conflruct, build', maintain, and lupport fuch Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, Buildings, Matters, and Things, as they ffiall deem neceffary or expedi nt

39

47° GEORGII III. SdT.2. Cap.2.

for the making an Harboui for'the Reception and Accommodation of

•	Ships and Vefi'els, and the Officers and Crews thereof, and for the more convenient lading and unlading of luch Ships and Vefiels ; and abb to ereft and make, or caufe to be erefted and made, fuch Buildings and Warehoufes for receiving of Goods and Merchandizes, and fuch Dwelling Houfes and other Buildings, Accommodations and Things, and in fuch Manner as the faid Directors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, preftnt at any Meeting or Meetings as aforefaid, Avail deem neceffary or expedient, fubjeft to the Piovifions and Dtreftions in this Aft contained.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all Matter?, Rules fubjeft Thinsrs, Direftions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations fo to be ordered, to the con-given, or made by the fain Direftors, or any Five or more of them, in Company,'0 anywife touching the Execution of this Aft, ihall and are hereby de- whoma/ln-clared to be fubjeft to the Infpeftion and Controul of the faid Com- fpeft, alter, pany, from Time to Time and at all Times, when they fhall think °r annul die proper, at a Meeting atfeinbled for that Purpofe, of which Fourteen ime‘

Days Notice ihall be previoufly given (in like Manner as Notices of

other Meetings are herein direfted'to be given) to infpeft and confider the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, or any of them, made by the faid Direftors as aforefaid; and if the faid Company, or the major Part of them prefent, ihall fee fit, to revoke, repeal, annul, or alter any of the faid Rules, Orders, or Regulations, or to make other Rules, Orders, or Regulations inilead thereof, as they or the major Part of them, ihall think fit; and the faid Rules, Orders, and Regulations ihall and may from Time to Time be varied or repealed, and others made in their Stead, at a Meeting of the faid Company, to be held as aforefaid ; but not by the faid Direftors after fuch Confirmation of a General Meeting; and all fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as ihall be made or ccn-ifituted by the faid Company, ihall, when figned by the Chairman of the faid Meeting, be binding, and obferved by all Parties: Provided always, that fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, (hall not be incon-iiftent with or contrary to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.

XXXII.	And be it furiher enafted, That if at any Time after the Pier to be .faid Pier ihall have been completed, it ihall be found by a Prefentinent kept in goo4

of the Grand Jury aifembled at any Quarter Seffions of the Peace for 1<'ep*lr' the Eaitern Divifion of the County of Kent, that the fame has been .fuffered to get fo much out of Repair as not to afford the ufual Shelter and Security to Veffels endeavouring to enter, or lying within the fame : and fuch Prefentmcnt, certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County to the faid Company, and the faid Pier ihall not be fufficiently repaired and amended within Six Months from the certifying of fuch Prefentment as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth and until the faid Pier ihall be amended and repaired, the faid Rates and Duties hereby made payable ihall ceafe and determine: Provided always, that fo foon as it ihall be found by a Grand Jury aifembled as aforefaid, and be certified by the laid Clerk of the Peace to the faid Company, that the faid Pier has been properly repaired and amended, the faid Duties (hall revive and be again payable and recoverable as if the fame had not ceafed or been fufpendttd.

XXXIII. And

40	4?*	GEORG	11 III. SelT.2. C-f. 2,

Limit! of the XXXIII. Anil be it further enacted. That the Limits of the laid Harbour Harbour Ihall extend from Copt Point to the Ealtward of the Laid Harbour, to Mill Point to the Weftward of the faid Harbour.

XXXIV. And be it further cnafted, That as foon as the Sum of r .foco is Sixteen thoufand Pounds (being more than Two-third Parts of the Sum raifed Works eftirfiated to be neceffary for erefting and forming the faid Pier and maybebegun Harbour') Ihall have been fubferibed or raifed for the Purpofes of this Ad, it Ihall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to begin to conflruft and form the faid Pier, Harbour, and other Works neceffary for the Purpofe of carrying this Aft into Execution ; and for the better afeertaining and determining the Time when fuch Works fliall be commenced, the Clerk to the faid Company Ihall and he is hereby required to draw out and prepare a Liff or Schedule of the Names of the feveral Perfons who fliall fubferibe, from Time to Time, any Money for carrying this Aft into Execution, and of the feveral Sums agreed to be fubferibed, placed oppofite to the Names of the Perfons fubferibing the fame; and fuch Lilt or Schedule of fuch Subfcribers, (hall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors, and Ihall be open to the Inlpeftion of all Perfons interelted in the faid Undertaking, at all feafonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

RecitalofAa XXXV. And whereas by an Aft palled in the Sixth Year of His prepared for im- fent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for the Support and P rtf creation of the on Coals Ul!” ParlJh Church o/Tolkcftone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkeltone, and for Pre- tn the County of Kent, a Rate or Duty of One Shilling for every Chaldron fervation of of Coals which fhould be brought into or through the faid Town of Folke-the Church Jlone is impofed, and fuch Rates and Duties are direfted to be collefted by Folkeftone°f ^>er^on or Perfons as the Right Honourable William Earl of Radnor e (who as Lord of the Barony and Hundred of Folkejlone, is recited to be, amongft other Rights, entitled to all Harbour Duties, Cuftoms, Tolls, Fairs, and Markets there) his Heirs and Afiigns, Lords of the Barony and Hundred of Folkejlone aforefaid, {hall appoint, and are direfted to be applied and difpofed by the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the faid Town, or any Nine or more of them (whereof the Mayor for th« Time being to be one) in the fiifl Place in erefting one good and fub-flantial Jettee, and taking fuch other Meafures as they may think needful for the Security and Support of the faid Parilh Church; and in the next Place in repairing the old or erefting new Jettees or Heads at the Eafl and Welt End of the faid Town, and in doing fuch other Works as they {hall think neceffary for the Safety and Security of the lower Parts of the faid Town, next and adjoining to the Sea; and when the faid Works lhould be completed, to apply the Rates, Duties, and Forfeitures impofed by the faid Aft, in repairing and keeping in Repair all the faid Jettees and Heads, or repairing or keeping in Repair the faid Pa-rifli Church, and in doing fuch other Works as may be neceffary for the Safety and Security of the lower Part of the faid Town next and adjoining to the Sea, and for the Support and Prefervation of the faid Church: And whereas the Money'from Time to Time collefted and received, under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft, has been only fufficient to ereft and keep in Repair the faid Jettees, and- the whole -thereof has been laid out and expended in erefting and keeping fin Repair the.-fecit, except the Sum of Three hundred and nineteen Pounds -One Shilling &0d 10	c	-	■	j	jrour.

41

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap.2.

Four-pence, now remaining in the Hands of the Treafurer appointed by virtue of the laid Aft: And whereas by the Ereftion and Formation of the Pier and Harbour intended to be made by virtue of this Ad, the Ob-jeds and Purpofes for which the faid recited Ad was parted will be effeft-ually attained and anfwered, and fuch Jettees and Heads will be no longer wanted or neceffary for the Purpofes in the faid Ad exprefl'cd, and there- The Duty al-fore it hath been agreed that the faid Rates and Duties (hall be applied ready impo-in Manner herein-after direfted; be it therefore enaded, That it (hall lining to be be lawful for the faid Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty and they are hereby applje<ft0 the required, after the faid Pier or Piers (hall have been completed, or made (it Purpofes of for the Reception of Shipping, and fuch Jettees and Heads have been there- thisAa, if by rendered unneceffary for the Purpofes in the faid Ad exprerted (with the ^Tput-Confent in Writing under the Hand of the Lord of the Barony, Hun- pofcs orisi-dred, and Royalty of Folkejlone aforefaid for the Time being) to pay all nally intended and every Sum and Sums of Money collefted or to be colleded by virtue thereof, or fo much thereof, as (hall not be wanted for ereding and keeping in Repair fuch Jettees and Heads as aforefaid, once at lead in every Year, into the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors, for the Ufe and Btnefit of the faid Company ; and in cafe the fame (hall not be paid into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Company, on or before the Firft Wcdnefday in October, in every Year, fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall and may from Time to Time (fuch Confent as aforefaid being firll obtained) be recovered and recoverable by the Clerk or Treafurer to the Folkejlone Harbour Company, in an Adion of Debt or upon the Cafe, to be brought in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlniinjler, againd the laid Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town of Folkejlone aforefaid : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall affeft, during good Behaviour, the Appointment of the prefent Collector of the Duty impoled by the faid recited Aft.

XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That over and above and in addition Additional to the Duty of One Shilling by the laid recited Aft impofed, there (hall Duty of Two be paid and payable to the faid Company of Proprietors, when and as Shillings im-foon as the other Duties and Tolls by this Aft: authorized to be taken (hall e ' commence and become payable, as well by the faid Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the faid Tow n of Folkejlone for the Time being, in their natural Capacities, as by all other Perfon and Pcrfons whomfoever, for every Chaldron of Coals, containing Forty Bu(hels Winchejlcr Meafure, which he, (he, or they (hall in any Manner bring into or through the faid Town of Folhjtone and Liberty thereof, or any Part thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings, which Rate or Duty (hall be paid at fuch Place or Places as the faid Directors (hall from Time to Time appoint for the Payment thereof; and the Perfon or Perlbns appointed to colleft and receive the fame (hall, without Delay, Fee, or Reward, deliver a Receipt to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall pay the (aid Rate or Duty, and fuch Receipt (hall be a fufficient Difcharge for the fame ; and if anyPerfon or Perfons (hall bring or caufe to be brought into the faid Town or Libcrtv thereof any Coals, or (hall convey or caufe to be conveyed through the faid Town or Liberty thereof any Coals for which the P-ates or Duties herebv granted (hall not have been paid, and (hall be convifted thereof upon the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes before the Mayor of the faid Town of Folkejlone or his Deputy for the Time being (which Oath the faid Mayor or his Deputy is hereby empowered to admimfter) every fuch [Loc. & Per.J	L	Perfon

j.2	47°GFORGII	III.	-(7r//>. 2,

Perfon and Ferfons fhall forfeit and pay the S.yrn of One Shilling; fo^cvery Bufhel of fuch Coals; and it (hall and may fee	(!o	and	.fqr	the	laid

Colleftor or Collectors fo to be appointed by virtue of tins Aft} or the Perfon or Perfons by him or them, appointed, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of the faid Mayor or his Deputy, to feize and didqiin fuch Coals for which the Rates and Duties have no; been paid, and alfo the Ship or Veflel, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, in syhich fuch Coals lhall be found, and to detain and keep the fame until, the faid Rates pr Duties and Forfeitures fhall be paid; and if the fame fhall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after fuch Seizure and Diflrefs made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and diftraining the fame, to fell the faid Coals, and alfo fuch Ship or Veffel, or any of the Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel thereof, or fuch Waggon, Cart, or Carriage ; and after deducing the faid Rates or Duties ana Forfeitures, and the Coifs and Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale, lhall return the Overplus, if any, to the Owner thereof.

aXXVII. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at all Times from and after the Tune that the Sum of Thirteen thoufand four hundred Pounds (being Two-third Parts and upwards of the Effimate of the Expence of the making the faid Pier or Harbour) fhall appear by a Return made to any General or Quarter Seffions of the faid Town of Felkcjione, or Adjournment thereof, to have been laid out by the faid Company, to afk, demand, take, calleft, receive, and recover, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of the faid Company, of and from all and every the Maflers, Commanders, or Owners or Owner of any Ship or Veffd, Earlf or Boat, or Owner of any Parr or Parts thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons having the Rule and Command of any Ship or Veflel, Bark or Boat, belonging to or coming within the faid Harbour, or within the Limits thereof, or from either of them, the-feveral Rates pr Duties following; (that is to fay,)	!	.

For all Ships or Veffels belonging to Foreign Subjects, and unloading or loading their Cargoes, or any Part thereof, within the faid Harbour or Limits thereof, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Ton :

For all Ships or Veffels belonging to Foreign Subjects arriving in the faid Harbour or Limits thereof, by Strefs of Weather or otherwise without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Ton:

For all Ships or Veffels belonging to His Majefly’s Subjects (except fuch thereof as belong to the faid Town of Folkejionc, for which particular Duties are by this Aft impofed) coming from foreign Parts, and loading or unloading their Cargoes or any Part thereof, within the Limits of the faid Harbour, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ten •

For any fuch Veffel coming from foreign Parts (except as aforefaid) and arriving in the faid Port by Strefs of Weather, and loading or unloading all or any Part of her Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton : For all fuch Veffels (except as aforefaid) without unloading any Part of their Cargo, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton :

For alt Goading Veffels (except as aforefaid) unloading Part of their Cargoes, not exceeding One-half thereof, within the faid Port, any Sunt not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:	e

3	••	•	•	-For

Upon Two-thirds of the Eilimate toeing expended. Duties to commence.

47° GEORGII III. SdT.2.	Cap.2;	43

For all fuch Veflels (except as afofefaid) not unloading any Part of their Cargo, any Sum not exceedingTwo-pcnce'per Toil.:.	-r"	>

For all fuch Veflels (except as aforefaid' unloading within the ^aid Limits, having above One-half of their Cargoes confiding of Coal, Culm,

Slack, Coke or Charcoal, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence/>?r Ton }j For all fuch Veflels (except as aforcfaid) laden with Coal .only, apy Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton :

For all Ships or Veflels (except as aforcfaid) loading within rhefajd Limits with Bark. Timber, Slates, Ore, Corn, or other Merchandize, bound to foreign Parts or to Ireland, or Coallways, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:	-	■	n’

For all Veflels Goading (except as aforefaid) laden or Tart laden with Limeflone, Lime, Sand, Manure, or in Ballad, arriving in or proceeding from the faid Port, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton: '

For all Coading Veflels ( except as aforefaid) arriving within the Limits of the faid Harbour by Strefs of V\ eather, and unloading all or above One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two pence per Ton : /

For all fuch Veflels (except as aforefaid) without unloading more than One-half of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence .per Ton:

For all other Ships and Veflels (except as aforefaid) belonging to His Majedy’s Subjects, coming from any Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and arriving within the faid Limits, without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton:

For all fuch Veflels (except as aforefaid) unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per i on :

For all Ships or Veflels (except as aforefaid) belonging to His Majefty’s Subjefts, coming from any Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and arriving within the Limits of the faid Harbour by Strefs of Weather, without utdoading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton :

For all fuch Veflels (except as aforefaid) unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton :

Provided always that if any Merchant Ship or Ships, or any Coading Veflels whatfoever, (hall depart the faid Harbour, having duly paid the faid Duties herein before impofed, and (hall, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, by Accident, Strefs of Weather, or otherwife, be obliged to put again into the faid Harbour, that then and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Ships or Veflels (hall not be again liable to pay • the faid Harbour Dues in confequence of their fo returning to the faid Harbour as aforefaid ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further en'a<$e& That t;l)a fpyeral Rates.on p’l-’ “r*11. Fifhing Boats and Veflels of the Burthen of,Three Tops, and not exceed-' Jd Veflels! * ing Eight Tons, (hall pay the Sum oF.One Shilling for evepy Time fuch Boat (hall go out of the faid Harbour, op from (hp Limits thereof:

And every Boat or Veflel belonging to the faid Harbbur or Towri bf Folkeftcne, and ufing the faid Harbour or Limits thereof,'and being the Whole or any Part thereof, the Property of 'any Inhabitant of the faid 1 Town, (hall pay the feveral Rates and Duties followings (thkt is to fay,);

If

44-

Duty on Herring*.

Duty on Mackarel.

Duties on Exports and Imports.

Power to fix Duties to be paid for Articles not enumeipted,

470 GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cap. 2.

If of the Burthen of Eight Tons and not exceeding Twenty Tons^ the Sum of One Pound One Shilling per Annum.

If above Twenty Tons and not exceeding Forty Tons, the Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum.

If above Forty Tons and not exceeding Sixty Tons, the Sum of Five Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum.

If above Sixty Tons and not exceeding One hundred Tons, the Sum of Six Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum.

If above One hundred 'Pons and not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Tons, the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, and for every Fifty Tons, over and above the faid One hundred and Fifty Tons, the Sum of Ten Shillings per Annum.

Which faid laft-mentioned Duties upon all fuch Ships or VefTeis as are charged at a Sum certain, per Annum, lhall be paid for refpe&ively at equal Quarterly Payments ; (that is to fay), the Eleventh Day of Oilober, the Sixth Day of January, the Sixth Day of April, and the Sixth Day of July, in each and every Year, the fir ft Payment thereof to be made on the Quarter Day next after fuch Ship or Veflel fhall put to Sea, or become the Property of any Inhabitant of the faid Town.

For all Ships or Veflcls (except as aforefaid") not before fpecified, arriving at or ptoceeding from the faid Harbour or Limits thereof, any Sum not exceeding 'Two-pence per Ton.

XXXIX.	And be it further cnaded, That a Duty of Three Shillings fhall be paid for every Ten thoufand or I.aft of Herrings that fhall be landed, fhipped, impotted, exported, or otherwise brought into the faid 'Town or Liberty thereof; ami fo in proportion for any greater or letter Quantity than Ten thoufand or I.aft of Herrings: And for every One thoufand of Mackarel that fhall be landed, fhipped, imported, exported, or otherwife brought into' the faid Town or Liberty thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence ; and fo in proportion for every greater or lefier Quantity than a Thoufand.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there fhall be paid to the faid Company, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint to colled and receive the fame, over and above the Rates herein-before authorized to be taken, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities whatfoever, imported or exported to or from the find Port, fuch Rates or Duties as the faid Company fnall order or direct to be paid, not exceeding the Rates or Duties contained in the Table or Schedule hereto annexed, as far as fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, as fhall or may be imported or exported as aforefaid, are particularized in the faid Schedule of Rates, which faid Rates fhall be paid by the Merchant or Merchants, or other Perfon or Perfons exporting or importing fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or into whole Cuftody or PofTeffion the fame fhall be delivered, or by whom the fame fhall be fhipped refpedively, upon the Delivery or Shipping of the fame refpeftively.

XLT.	And be it further enudfed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Diredors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fix, appoint, fettle, ettabiifh, and impole fuch Rates to be paid upon

the

45

47° GEORGII . III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

the loading or unloading, exporting or importing, and in refpefl: of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or Commodities, not fpecified or enumerated in the laid Table or Schedule to this Act annexed, as they (hall think fit, fo as fuch Rate or Duty (hall not exceed the Sum of One Shilling in every Twenty Shillings, of the Amount of the Freight of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodites: And the Mafler or DutiesonPro-Owner of ever)' Boat or Vefiel belonging to the faid Harbour of Folkcjlor.e aforefaid, which fhall be employed for the Purpofe of aflifling any Ship or Vefiel call away or out of its Courfe, or otherwife in Diflrefs at Sea, or in taking up any Goods wrecked at Sea or upon the Main, or any Anchor or Cable found at Sea fhall pay a Ilalf-part of One equal Share of the Profits arifing thereby, to the Colleftor ot the faid Harbour, whether fuch Ships, Vefiel, Goods, Anchor, or Cable be brought into the faid Harbour or the Bay thereunto adjoining, or not, the fame to be paid before any Divifion fhall be made of the Earnings upon any luch Occa-fion; and the faid Mafler or Owner who fhall pay any fuch Half part of fuch Share, fhall at the fame Time deliver to the faid Colle&or receiving the fame, an 4ccount >n Writing, figned by him, of the whole Amount of fuch Earnings as aforefaid, and of the Number of Shares into which the fame is' divilible or to be divided, and of fuch ncceflary Charges and Expences as the Parties concerned in fuch Service fhall have been at on Account thereof; and if any fuch Mafler or Owner fhall wilfully deliver a fraudulent or erroneous Account to fuch Collector as aforefaid, he fhall, over and above Payment of fuch Half-part of the Share fo made payable as aforefaid, forfeit and pay a Sum equal to fuch Half-part thereof.

XLU.	Provided always, and be it further enaSed, That the faid Rate How to be of One Half-part of One Share of the Profits arifing from any Boat or recovered. Vefiel being employed for the Purpofe of aflifling any Ship or Vefiel cafl away, or out of its Courfe, or otherwife in Diflrefs, or in taking up any Wreck Goods, or any Anchor or Cable as aforefaid, fhall and may, if the faid Directors think proper, be recovered from the Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, by Action at Law in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier.

XLII1. And it is further enacted, That there fhall be paid to the faid wharfage Company, or to the Collector, or other Perfon or Perlons whom they Duties to be fhall appoint to demand, receive, and recover the fame, over and above Paid-the Rates and Daties herein-before granted and authorised to be taken, and in fuch and the fame Manner as fuch Rates and Duties are hereby directed and appointed to be paid and recovered, fuch Sum per Ton, as the faid Company fhall from Time to lime fix and appoint, not exceeding Two Shillings per Ion, for the Wharfage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities which fhall be landed or difeharged upon any Quay or Wharf belonging to the faid Port or Harbour.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this „

Ad contained fhall extend to charge His Majefly, or any other Perfon on his Behalf, with the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties on any of VeffelsinHis His Majefly’s Ships of War, or any Ship, Tranfport, or Packet of His Majefty’sSer-Majefly, His Heirs and Succeflors, nor any Ship, Tranfport, or Packet of vic<:-His Majefly, in carrying any Stores or Troops to or from the faid Harbour; or carrying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of | Loc. & Per. j	M	His

46

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 2.

His Majefty’s Poflmafler General; or any Veffel employed in or upon His Majefty’s ervice, in the Conveyance of any Officers or Soldiers, or any Horfes, Arms, Ammunition, or Baggage, to them or any of them ; but if any Perfon or Perlbns fhall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption as aforefaid, without being entitled thereto, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLV.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge any Veffel arriving within the Limits of the faid Harbour by Strefs of Weather, and unloading or reloading her Cargo therein, with the Payment of any of the aforefaid Duties upon Imports and Exports (Tonnage Duty only excepted).

VefTcls not to	XI.VI. And be it further enacted, That for the more effeftually fecuring

be cleared till the Payment of the laid Rates and Duties, no Collector or Comptroller of Duties paid. His Majefl:y’s Cuftoms, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Cuftoms whatfoever, fhall, at any Time after the faid Harbour or Pier fhall be made, give or make out any Cocket or other Difcharge, or take any Report Outwards, for any Ship or other Veftel within the faid Harbour of Folkejlone, or permit any Ship or other Veftel to go out of the faid Harbour, or from any Landing Place within the Limits thereof, until the Mafter or Owner, or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of fuch Ship or other Veffel, fhall produce a Certificate from the Colleftor or Collectors who fhall be appointed in purfuance of this Aft, that the Rates or Duties by this Aft granted and impofed are paid or fecured to be paid, which faid Certificate the faid Colleftor or Collectors is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward; and that any Colleftor or Comptroller of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, Receiver of Entries, or Ship’s Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Cuftoms whatfoever, making Default in any of the Premifes enjoined by this Aft, fhall forfeit and pay to the faid Company the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhritnjler, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law fhall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

Rates may be XLVII. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to altered. '' and for the faid Company of Proprietors, at their laid General Meetings, or at any Special Meeting to be appointed for that Purpofe, to lower or reduce all or any of the faid Rates and Duties, and again to raife the fame . to fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it fhall be deemed neceffary for the Benefit of the Undertaking.

Manner of XLVII1. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties impofed by this recovering of Aft mav be more effectually collected and levied, be it enafted, That in Rates. cafe any oWner or Mafter, or any other Perfon or Perfons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veffel within the faid Harbour, or any Factor or Confignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Aft, fhall refufe or neglect to pay the fame, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company, or the Colleftor or Collectors, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed in purfuance of this Aft to receive the fame, to go on board fuch Ship or other Veffel, 14	to

Exemption for Velfels arriving by Diftrefs of Weather.

47

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

to demand, colled, and receive the faid Rates or Duties; and on Non-payment thereof to take and didrain every fuch Ship or other Veflel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in refpeft whereof fuch Rates or Duties (hall be payable, either on board fuch Ship or other Veflel, or on Land, and the fame to detain, until the re-fpeftive Rates or Duties {hall be fatisfied and paid ; and in cafe of any Negleft or Default in Payment of the faid Rates or Duties, for the Space of Five Days after any Didrels or Didrefles fo made or taken, that then it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company, or fuch Collector or Collectors, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, to caufe the fame to be appraifed by Two or more fworn Appraifers, or other fufficient Perfons, and afterwards to fell the faid Didrefs or Didrefles, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, to fatisfy themfelves or himfelf, as well for and in refpect of their or his reafonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraiflng, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any fuch there be) to the Owner upon Demand; and it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Company, in cafe of Non-payment of the Rates and Duties as aforefaid, inflead of recovering the fame in Manner aforefaid, or in cafe the whole thereof {hall not be fo recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the lame, or fo much thereof as {hall not be fo recovered, by Aftion of Debt or Trefpafs on the Cafe, in any Court of Record at Wejlminjler.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That if any Mafler, Owner, or other ^

Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veflel, or the eluding I'ay-.Owner, Factor, or Confignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, ments to con-fliall by any Means whatfoever at any Time or Times elude, evade, or tinuecharge-avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in refpect aUe-thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Perfon eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforefaid, {hall forfeit and pay to the faid Company a Sum equal to the Amount of fuch Rates and Duties, and {hall alfo fland charged with and be liable to the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties, which {hall and may be recovered from fuch Mader or Owner,

Faftor, or Confignee, or fuch other Perfon having fuch Rule or Command refpeftively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means hereinbefore preferibed for the levying the faid Duties, or by the fame Method and in fuch Manner as is herein-before directed for the levying of the fa\d Duties, or by the fame Method and in fuch Manner as is herein-after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties impofed by this Aft, and with the like Cods.

L. And be it further enafted, That the Mader or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veflel lying within the faid Harbour, {hall, and he is hereby required to produce and fliew, on fliall be afeer-Demand, to the faid Company, or to the Perfon or Perfons appointed to tained. colleft the Rates and Duties aforefaid, the Cudom Houfe Regider of the Burthen or Tonnage of fuch Ship or Veflel; and in cafe of Refufal,

Failure, or Delay, in producing and {hewing the fame, or in cafe there be no fuch Regider, or in cafe the faid Company, or fuch Perfon or Perfons appointed to colleft the Rates and Duties aforefaid,{hall not be fatisfied therewith, or {hall entertain any Doubt of the Correftnefs thereof in regard to the Tonnage of fuch Ship or Veflel, it {hall and may be lawful for the faid Company, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons appointed to

colleft

48	-£ . 4.70 GJEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

collect the Rates and Duties aforefaid, to enter either alone, or with any Perfon or Perfons for their Affiftance, into fuch Ship or Veffel, and admeafure the fame in Manner following; ( that is to fav,) by taking the Length of the Keel of every fuch Ship or other Veffel fo much as (he treads on the Ground, and the Breadth within board by the Midfhip •Beam from Plank to Plank, Half of which Breadth fhall be accounted for the Depth ; and the Length fo taken being multiplied by the Breadth, and the Produbl thereof by the laid accounted Depth, and the whole divided by Ninety-four, the Quotient fhall give and be deemed to give the true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which Rule or Method all Ships and Veffels fhall be meafured, for computing, afeertaining, and collebling the faid Rates or Duties of Tonnage; any Cuftom, Ufage, or Practice to the contrary notwithftanding.

Penalty on LI. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Mafter or other Perfon rtruftin °the having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veffel lying within meafuring of t^le Harbour, or any other Perfon whomsoever, fhall obflritbl or Ships or Vef- .hinder the faid Company, or the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collebt the Ms.	Rates	or Duties hereby made payable, or any other Perfon employed or

appointed by the faid Company to admeafure Ships or Veffels in purfuance of this Abl, to enter on board fuch Ship or Veffel, or to take the Admea-furement thereof, fuch Mafter or other Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LII. And whereas the faid Jacob Earl of Radnor, as Lord of the Barony, Hundred, or Royalty of Folkc/icnc aforefaid (amongft other Rights) is entitled to or claims all Cuftoms, Tolls, and Harbour Duties within the Jurif-diclion thereof, and to a certain Piece of Ground upon which the faid Pier and Harbour is in part to be erected, and is alfo entitled to certain Quarries or Beds of Stone, Rock, Gravel, and Beachy Ground within the faid Barony, Hundred, and Royalty, lying near or contiguous to the Place or Ground where the faid Pier and Harbour is intended to be erebted and formed; which Stone, Rocks, and Gravel might be conveniently, and at a finall Expence, ufed for the Purpofe of this Act : And whereas Quarry, and a jarge Quantity of Stone, Rock, Gravel, Sand, and Clay will be wanted tak^St'one° f°r Purpofes of forming the faid Pier and Harbour, and it would be and Materials a great Accommodation and Advantage to the faid Company of Proprietors from the to be permitted to dig and ufe the faid Stone, Rocks, and Gravel, which Quarry. may be procured near the faid intended Harbour or Pier, and the faid Earl having been applied to for his Permiffion and Confent to take and ufe the fame, in order to encourage and promote the Intereft of the faid Undertaking ; and in Confideration of the Compenfation to be paid unto him as hereafter is mentioned, hath confented that the Stone, Rock, Gravel, Sand, and Clay which may be wanted for the Purpofes of this Abt, fhall be had and taken by the Company of Proprietors as herein-after mentioned ; and the laid Earl is alfo willing to reiinquilh and forego all fuch Right or Claim as he might have to the Cuftoms, Tolls, and Harbour Duties to be received and taken within the faid Harbour by virtue of this Acl, upon the Terms and Conditions herein-aiter mentioned ; be it therefore enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Company of Proprietors, their.^Servants, Agents, and Workmen, from Time to Time as there fhall be>Oocafion,to enter into and upon any Lands andGrCuttds>Banks, I,.: sp.» <•: . d	'•	■*	-	-Rocks,

Recital of the Earl of Radnor’s Rights, Cuftoms, Tolls, and Haibour Duties.

Recital of the

49

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 2.

Rocks, Quarries of Stone, and Beds of Rock, belonging to the faid Earl, lying on the Sea Shore, from Low Water IViark to the Clifi there adjoining, within the Liberty of the faid Town of Folkejione, and to dig, cut, quarry, remove, and carry away any Quantity of Stone, Rock,

Gravel, Sand, or Clay which may be found necdiary for the making, maintaining, repairing, and tiling the laid Harbour, Pier, Quays, Saving to th* Wharfs, and other Works to be eroded by virtue of this Ad: Provided faid Earlis t* always, that nothing in this Act contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorise or empower the faid Company of Proprietors, their	pret

Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to enter upon or make ufe of any Land, fervationof Quarries, Beds of Rock or Stone, which have or hath been demifed by the Church. theiaidEarl to Richard Hodgman, his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Adigns, during the Continuance of any Leafe now fubfifting ; nor to dig, take,

•work, or carry away any Rock, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or Clay, within Three hundred and eighty Yards to the Weft ward of the Head of the faid intended Harbour which fhall be conftruded or built neareft to the Parifh Church of Folkejione: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall reftrain or hinder the faid Earl, his Heirs or Afligns, from digging, taking, and carrying away to and for his and their own Ufe, any Rocks, Stone, Gravel,

Sand, or Clay, nor after the faid Pier, Harbour, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works fhall be completed in purfuance of this Ad:, from digging, ufing, taking, and carrying away, felling, and difpofing of any Rocks,

Stone, Gravel, Sand, or Clay, in like Manner as he might have done before the pa fling of this Ad.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That there fhall be paid and payable Compenfa-

to the faid Earl of Radnor, his Heirs or Afligns, at the Ciftern Houfe, in tiontobepaid the Town of Folkejione aforefaid, on the Tenth Day of Oflobcr next after [^in^Stene the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the Time when the Tolls and building and Duties to be received by virtue of this Ad (hall commence and become Harbour to payable, and on the Tenth Day of Oftober in every fubfequent Year which fald1 Earl of the fame fhall continue to be received, in full Compenfation and Satisfadion Ra nor' of all Claims to the Cuftoms, Rates, Tolls, and Harbour Duties, the Sum of Twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every One hundred Pounds of like Money, and proportionably for any greater or lefs Sum of the clear Produce of the Tolls and Duties to be colleded and received by virtue of this Ad, which, after dedudiag therefrom the Salaries to be paid to the feveral Officers to be appointed tor putting this Ad in Execution, and the Sums of Money to be expended in repairing the faid Harbour, Pier, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, and the Payment of the Intereft of any Mortgage which may be made affeding the fame, fhall be divifible among the Undertakers, or Proprietors of the faid Harbour.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That the faid Harbour Matter, Trea- Officers ap-furer, Colledor, Clerk, and other Officers and Servants appointed by pointed byth* virtue of this Ad, and all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall be ’aldCoi"PanT employed or appointed to alcertain the Tonnage of any Ships or VefTels *° Uke °a“' within the faid Harbour, fhall feverally enter into Bonds, with a fufficient Penalty, at the Difcretion of the Diredors herein-before mentioned for a faithful Difcharge of their refpedive Duty and Duties.

LV. And, for the more orderly Government of the faid Harbour, and Powerto refer the better preferving the fame, and the Works to be ereded there gulate Veffel*

it*, urmi	n	WJftSSL

5©	o'	GEORG1I	III. Seff. 2. Cap. 2.

from Prejudice or Damage, as well- for the Accommodat'on of Ships or Velfels coming into as going out of' the faid Harbour ; be it enadted. That the Harbour Mailer lhall from Time to Time order and require all and every Perfon, having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veffel entering mto, lying, being, or abiding within the laid Harbour, to . ]ie, anchor, moor,' and ballad fuch Ship or Veffel in fuch proper Place or Places within the fame, as fuch-Harbour Mailer (hall afljgii or diredt for thofe Purpofes (having due Regard that, to the bed of his Skill and Judgment, fuels Ship or other Veflel lhall be ordered to lie, anchor, moor, or ball all in a Place of Safety); and in cale the Perfon or Perfons having the Rule or Command of any fuch Ship or other Vefiel, lhall refufe or neglect to obey the Orders lo given, or lhall call or throw out, or permit or fuller to be call or thrown out, any Ballad or Rubbilii, Sand, or other .Materials ui'ed for Ballad, from any fuch Ska or Vrifel within the faid Harbour, or w ithin One thoufand Yaids of the Heads thereof, every Perfon fo offending, for every luch Refufal or Neglect lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to the faid Gunpowder, Company : Provided alfo, that no Gunpowder, Pitch, Tar, Rodn, Hemp, &c. to here- Flax, Faggots, or Furze,Brandy,or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, certaii Vimc* Hay, Straw, Tallow, Greafe, Shavings of Wood, or any other inflammable or combudible Matter or Thing whatsoever, diall be differed to be or remain on any Quay, Pier, Wharf, or Barrier belonging to the faid Harbour, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Veffel within the faid Harbour, above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after haying palled the Cuftom Houfe Officers, and the Owner or Owners thereof fliall and fhey are hereby required to remove the fame from fuch Place or Places within the Space of Twenty four Hours ; and in cafe the fame cannot be conveniently removed before Sun let, that then the Owner or Owners thereof lhall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required to fet and employ, at his or their own Expence, fuch a Number of careful and fober Perfons to guard and watch over the fame, for fuch and fo many Hours from Sun-fet to Sun-rife, as the faid Directors, or the Harbour Mailer, or other Perfon or Perfons by them appointed, lhall Ipecify and direct; and in cafe any fuch Owner or Owners, or the Perlon or Perfons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Veffel as aforesaid, lhall make Delault in the Premifes, each and every Perlon fo offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds to the faid Company.

Penalty	LVI. And be it further enadted, that in cafe any Perfon or Perfons

^tiie ^all wilfully cr malicioufly cut, break, or in any Manner deltroy or Ropes of injure any Rope or other 'thing, by which 2ny Ship or other Veffel Vc2e!s. lying in the faid Harbour lhall be moored and fattened, fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall hinder or reltrain any Harbour Mailer or Mailers to be appointed in purfuanoe of this Act, or Ills or their Affiltant or Affiftants from exercifing, in a due and reafonable Manner, any of the Powers and Authorites hereby veiled in them, or to binder or reltrain the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Quays or Wharfs, from calling off any Rope or Ropes that may be faftened to any Poll or Polls, or other Fixture or Fixtures on fuch Quays or Wharfs, without the Licence and Confent of

fuch

47° GEORGII HE Seff.i. Cap.*.	$*'

fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier, or Occupiers, for that Purpsfe had and obtained.

: :>■ •! ii •' i ;•* i* 5 *j • I.-;	•*	■	i rc	i* iiL'ifl 'uuc* i. z<(\' ■ vuLjl

LVII. And be it further enaCted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons. Pylons Ae-whomlbever, who dial 1 at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or de-: fignedly demolilh, break down, damage, or fet on Fire the faid Pier, d^tnedg-itty Quays, Wharfs, or any of-the Works which lhall be conilrufited in or 0f Felony, which fhail belong- to the faid Harbour, or who lhall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the fame, or who lhall wilfully or designedly extinguiih or put- out any of the Lights ufed in or belonging to the faid Harbour, for the Safety arid Protection of the Ships or other Veffels reforting to the fame, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court, by and before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be tried and convicted, lhall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of fuch Punilhment may award fuch Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

LVIIf. And be it further enaCted, That every Malter, Owner, or Mailers of other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veflel Ve/Ie'* l)ing or being in the faid Harbour, lhall be and is hereby made anfwer- Damage done able and accountable to the faid Company for the Amount or Value of by the Crew any Damage or Mifchief that lhall be done through Unlkilfulnefs or through Un-Negligence by him, or by fuch Ship or VelTel, or by any of the Mariners,	or

Servants, or Crew on board of or belonging to the fame, to the Pier, cg lgence' Quays, Breads, or any of the Works which lhall be conftruCted in purfuanee of this ACt, and the fame, if not forthwith paid and fatisfied, lhall and may be recovered in fuch Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby impofed are in and by this ACt directed to be recovered.

LIX. And be it further enaCted, That the refpeCtive Perfons who have Suhfcribert fubfcribed, or who lhall hereafter fubferibe or advance any Money for compelled to and towards making and maintaining the faid Harbour, Pier, Wharfs, and paytheirSub-the other Works -hereby authorized to be made, lhall and they are hereby lcnPtl0n*' required to nay the Sum or Sums by them refpeCtively fubfcribed (or fuch Parts and Proportions thereof as lhall from Time to Time be called for by the faid Directors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions, of this ACt) at fuch Times and Places, and in fuch Manner, as lhall be appointed by the faid Directors; and in cafe any of fuch Subfcribers lhall negleCt or refufe to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner fo required for that Purpofe, the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to fue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity, with Colls.

LX. And be it further enaCted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfei- p , -tures by .this ACt inflicted or authorized to be impofed or levied (the tibe reco.°W Manner.of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwife hereby particu- vered. larly directed) lhall be levied and recovered by Diltrels and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any JafEcer.cf the Peace for the Town or County wherein fuch Offender lhall be or relide (which Warrant or Warrants the faid Juftice is hereby empowered' and required to grant) upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders.on his or their own Confeffion, or on the Information of any One or more credible Witnefs or WitnelTes upon Oath (which Oath the

faid

Form of Coe* tiftion.

Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form.

CJoIleftors of Rites to be competent Witstefles.

Perfons giving falfs Evidence may beprofceuted.

G EORGII III. S«%, Caj>*f2,

fasd Juftice is hereby empowered and required to adminlftsr, without Fee or Reward) ; anti fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels ih.il! Be diftrainetf and Ibid' the Charges offuclt Difirefb and Sale being fiVft dedfffted) fhall (if not otherwife directed to be applied and-difpofedof by this Act) be paid to and belong to the laid Company; and for want of fufficient Diftrefs, the laid Juftice is hereby empowered J and required to commit-, the Perfon or Perfons fo convicted, to die Common Gaol or other puLlick Prifo.n of or within the Bid Town or County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of 1 hree Calendar Months, unlei's fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all the neceflary Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be i'ooner paid or otherwife fatisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviftion {ball be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Aft, or againft any Order of Sefiions, or againft any Bye I.aw, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in purfuance of this Aft, the Form of Conviftion fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following 5 (that is to fay).

* T>Eif remembered, That on this < in the

Day of ji. B. is conviftcd before

*	of	His	Majefty’s	Juftices of the

‘ Peace for the	of	having	[as the Offence

*	Jhall be~\ and we the faid	do adjudge him

*	[her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

*	Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day

*	and Year aforefaid.’

LXII. And be it further enafted, That where anyDiftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trcfpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeft in the Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or ether Warrant or Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining bs deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ab initio, 011 account of any Irregularity by him or them done or committed,latter fuck Dilirefs made or taken ; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity, fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXI1I. And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fhall arife, touching or in any wife relating to tire faid Rates or Duties, or any of them, the Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of the faid Company or Proprietors, fhall not be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafoii of his, her, or their being appointed to coileft fuch Rates or Duties.

LXI V. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon or Perfons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Aft, fhall give falle Evidence, fhall and may be indifted and profecuted for Perjury, and upon Conviftion thereof, fhall be fubjeft to fuch Punifhmeot and Disqualification as any Perfon or Perfons can or may be fubjeft to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

LXV. And

47° GEORG II III. Sell'2. Cap. 2.	53

LXV. And be 'it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon fliali think Allowing an himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in Qu^rSef-' purfuance of any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation of the faid^

Direftors or Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgement, or

Determination of any Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace, relating to any

Matter or Thing in this Aft contained, or by any Thing done in pu. I'uance

of this Aft, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby other-

wife provided, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Perfon to appeal to the

Juftices of the Peace, at any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace to

be holaen in and for the Town of Volkcjlone aforefaid, or Eafletn Divifion

of the County of Kent, at the Difcretion of the Perfon making the faid

Appeal, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time

when the Caufeof fuch Appeal fhall have arifen, fuch Appellant firfl giving

or caufing to be given Thirty Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of hi*

or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the

Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Company, and within Three Days after fuch

Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juflice of the Peace for

the Town of Folke/lone aforefaid, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned

to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay fuch Cofls as fhall

be awarded by the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seilions, and upon

due Proof of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, and the entering	,

into fuch Recognizance, the faid Juftices before whom fuch Appeal fhall

be brought (hall hear and finally determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in

afummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed

againfl:, as the faid Juftices fhall think proper ; and the faid Juftices may,

if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may

order any Money to be returned which fhall have been levied hi

purfuance of any fuch Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation, and may

alfo award fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured by

the Party injuring, as to them the faid Juftices fhall feem reasonable ; and

the Determination of fuch Juftices thereupon fhall be final, binding, and

conclufive, to all Parties.

LXVL And be it further enafted. That no Order, Verdift, Judgment, p,.oc„cd n or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, not or touching or concerning the Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders quafhedfor againfl this Aft, fhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, "ant ofForm. or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ cr Procefs vhatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at WcPminfter; any Law or Satute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwiihftauding:

Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiifs fhall recover in any Aftion s - , to be commenced againfl the Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in for Special* purfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice in Writing, figned by his, her, or Damages, their Attorney (fpecifying the Caufe of Aftion) fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants at leafl Sixty Days before the fame fhall have been brought; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion, if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before luah Aftion brought; and in cafe no Tender of Amends fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants (by Leave of the Court) at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he, fhe, or they fl.all think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments [Ltc. Per.y	0	Cull

54-

I.imiti'tion of Actions.

Gen«ral -^uc*

Treble Cofts.

SavingRightS of the Earl of Radnor.

General Saving. ,

Publick Aft.

47° GEORG 11 III. Sell. 2. Cap. 2.

fhall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court, as in other AftionJ

where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXVII. And.be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suit fhall be commenced after Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Aftion lhall arife, and every fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be laid or brought in the fa;d Cou ty of Kent, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in all Actions or Suits fo brought (hall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if it lhall appear to have been fo done, or that fuch Adion or Suit was brought before Sixty Days Notice given to the Defendant or Defendants, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as atorefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every luch Cafe, the Jury (hall find a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaint.ffs (hall be nonfuited, or fuller Difcontinuance of his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or it upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or. Defendants hath or may have for Cods of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothin? herein contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ltffen or abate the Right and Title of the (aid Earl of Radnor, his Heiis or Afligns, as Lord or Lords of the Barony, Hundred, or Royalty of Folkejione aforefaid, to Cuftoms, Tolls, Rights, Profits of Fairs and Marker, Harbour Duties, and all other Things which (hall happen or come within the Jurifdidion of the faid Barony, Hundred, or Royalty, or other Benefits or Advantages belonging or in any Way appertaining to the faid Earl of Radnor, his Heii s or Afligns, as Lord or Lords of the faid Barony, Hundred, or Royalty (other than fuch Tolls, Rates, and Duties, as are with the Confent of the faid Jacob Earl of Radnor, by this Act authorized and directed to be collected, received, and paid for the Ufe of the Folkijione Harbour Company) or other wife controuled, or intended fo to be by this Aft; but that he and they may receive and enjoy the fame as fully and beneficially, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if this Aft had not been made.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this Aft contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Eftates, Rights, Interefts, Privilege or Authority of the King’s inoft Excellent Majefty, his Ileirs and Succeffors, or the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or any Bodies Politic and Corporate, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfuever, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, other than and except thofc meant and intended to be barred and regulated by this -Act.

. LXX. And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and

taken to be aPublick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, ati'd others, without being fpeciaJly pleaded.

.......‘ ^ SCHEDULE

4?°GE0rGII III. Se/r.2.’ dap. 2. SCHEDULE of RATES

Referred to in the ACT.

£■	J. d.
o	O 2
0	O If
o	° 3
o	O 2
o	o 6
o	o- 4
o	3 °
o	6 .6
o	2 -O
0	o -9
o	O IO
o	x 6
0*	o- 2
o	1 o
‘~o-	■o 6
	o 4
o	O 2
o	° 3
o	2 6
■ c*	-i 6
0	I o
o	o 6
o	0 I
o	o 8
o	c;  o
o	i 6

For every Quarter of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Malt, Peafe, Tares, Multard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every other Denomination, the Property of an Inhab tant of the Town of Folkejlone ....

For every Quarter of Beans. Barley, Rye, and Oats, and fo in proportion, the Property of fuch Inhabitant For every Quarter of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Malt, Peafe, Tares, Multard Seed, Canary Seeds, and Seeds of every Denominaticn, the Property of a Stranger For every Quarter of Beans, Barley, Rye, and Oats, and fo in proportion, the Property of a Stranger For every Quarter of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Malt, Peafe, Tares, Multard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, the Property of an Alien or Merchant Stranger	-	-	- - -	-

For every Quarter of Beans, Barley, Rye, and Oats, arid fo in proportion, the Property of an Alien or Merchant Stranger	-	-

For every Butt, Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of Wine, Sweet-Oil, or Spirits

For every larger Calk of Ditto Ditto Ditto, in proportion. For every Butt of Ale or Porter	-	-

For every Hoglhead of Wine, Sweet Oil, or Spirits For every Hoglhead of Ale or Porter For every Puncheon of Ale or Porter For every folid Hoglhead' of new Sugar For every Hoglhead or Package of Loaf or Lump Sugar, per Hundred Weight	-	-

For every Quarter Calk of Wine, Sweet Oil, or Spirits For every Barrel, wet or dry	-	.......	ia..

For every Half Barrel, wet or dry

For every fmaller Calk (of whatfoever Denominat:rm}v.ret or dry	-	*	.	-	*	-	-	-	f

For every Butt empty (not on return)	--	-

For every Vat pacKed with Goods	*	---

For every Sugar Hoglhead Ditto Ditto For every fmaller Calk Dkto Ditto	-

For every Vat or Calk of Tallow, not exceeding Six hundred Weight •	•	-	.	.	-

For every larger Va» or Calk of Ditto, per Hundred Weight For every Bale or Trufs, great	-	-	-

Ditto Ditto -	{-	fmali	-	-	-

For every Pack of Wool, Yarn, or Cotton, containing Two hundred-and forty Pounds Weight '

For every Jajger and fmaller Packet of Ditto, in proportion.



47” GEORGII III. Seff.2. 2.

For every fmall Frail, Mound, or Bafket For every great Mound or Bulket For every Piece of Ordnance Brafs, per Hundred Weight -And Iron, per Hundred Weight	»

For every Anchor, per Hundred Weight

For every Hundred Weight of Iron, wrought «

And unwrought	-	-	-	-

For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brafs, wrought And unwrought -	-

For every Hundred Weight of Lead

For every Hundred Weight (as ufually fold) of Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder, the Property of an Inhabitant of the Town of Folkedone	-

Ditto Ditto -	-	of a Stranger •

For every Ton of Salt	-	-

For every Hundred of Cod, called fized Fifh 1 and fo in ") And the fmall Sort	-	-	J proportion J

For every Load of Lime of Twenty-eight Bu/hels For every One Hundred of One Inch and a Quarter Deal Boards, from Ten to Fourteen Feet in Length For every One Hundred of Two Inches and a Half, Ditto Ditto	.....

For every One Hundred of Three Inches, Ditto Ditto And in proportion for greater Lengths.

For every One Thoufand of Barrel Boards or Staves For every One Hundred of Peterfburgh Battens For every One Hundred of Clove Boards or Battens For every Mad of Ten Inches Diameter -	.

For every Mad of Seven Inches, and under Ten Inches For every fmaller Mali, in proportion.

For every Spar of Ten Inches Diameter For every Spar of Seven, Eight; ot Nine Inches For every Ditto of Four, Five, or Six Inches For every Scote of Smaller Spars For every Load of Oak or Elm Boards For every One Thoufand of Cleft Pale	&

For every Ton of Oak, Elm, or other Timber For every Load of Pods and Rails ...

For every B ndle of Wooden Hoops For every Twenty Bundles of Laths For every Fathom of Six Feet Lathwood For every Ditto of Five Feet Lathwood For every Cord of Firewood	.

For every One Hundred of Faggots ...

For every Milldone, great -	.	.

And the fmall

For every Tombdone	*	«	.	.

For every Ditto, Marble	.	„

For every Corpfe ...	,	,

For every fmall 'Frank, Ched, or Box ,

For every great Trunk, Ched, or Box	»	.

For every fmall Bundle or Parcel	•

d.

2

4

3 z z 2 r 6

4 if

I

rf

6

o

6

8

2 6

3	6

4	6

a 6

3 o

i 6 i 8

1	o

o io

o 6 o

o I

2

0	I

1

O IO 2 O

° 3 o 6 o io o o

14010 O'O	9	o	VO

%1

m

w

»

4/° GE.OR GII III. &&&! i.

57

For every B?g of Hops -	.	-	-	t>	..	,r

For every Po;ket of Hops	*	-	-	-

For ever f Ore Thoofand of Bricks, and fo in proportion -Fpr ever^OneThitui'aifd of plain ! iles; and fo in proportion For everyTf aufanu of Top, Ridge, Gutter, or Fan I iles, Diato	-	-

For every One I houfand of Mathematical Tiles For every One I houfand ot Paving Tiles*

For every < >ne Hundred of Flat Paving Stones, large Ditto - fmall	...

For every d'on of Marble	-

For every Ton of Portland, Purbeck, or other Stone Forever) Grindllone -	.	-	-	-

For every common Cartload of Flintflones For every common Cartload of Chalkftones, rough of hewn -For every Hundred Weight of Cheefe For every Barrel of Train or Filh Oil And fo in proportion for every great or fmaller Calk of Ditto. For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar For every Barrel of Red Herrings For every Sack of Three Bufiiels Potatoes, Apples, or Pears -For every One Hundred of Cabbages For everyOne Hundred Weight of Hemp For every One Hundred Weight of Cordage For every B It of Canvas of Number one, two, and three For every other Bolt of Canvas	4

For every Horfe	-	-	-	.

For every Four-wheeled- Carriage For every Two-wheeled Carriage For every Sedan Chair -

For every Sack of Five Bulhels Flour . a For every Bag of Bran of Fight Bulhels For every Ton of Kelp -For every Ton of Brill	-	a

For every Lead of Hay of Thirty-fix Truffes For every Lead of Straw	.	.	«

For Oil Cakes per Thoufand ; and fo in proportion For every Bufhcl of Onions ...

For every Bnfnel of Oyfters not imported by a Portfman For every Firkin or fmaller Barrel of Oyfters - Ditto For every Hide, raw .....

For.every Hdef tanned

F r every Dozen of Goat, Calf, Sheep or Lamb Skins For every Hundred Weight of Wrought Pewter And old	-

For every Calf -	.	.

For every Hawk- * a For every Dog! -	.	.	.

For every Fox | -	.	.

For Hares, Phedfants, and all other Game, p r Head For every Bag df Feathers, large -Ditto Tmi.ll	-	.	m

'[Ln. eff f Vr. |	P

L-  0	- rr 1	"rfr 6 r
0	0	9
0	a	6
0	1	0
0	1	6
0	2	0
0	2	6
0	2	0
0	1	6
0	3	0
0	1	6
0	0	3
0	0	4
0	0	2
		
0	0	2
0	0	6
0	0	6
0	0	3
0	0	3
0	0	6
0	0	2
0	0	3
0	0	4
0	0	2
0	2	6
0	3	0
0	2	0
0	1	0
0	0	2
0	0	8
0	1	6
0	2	0
0	2	6
0	2	6
0	2	6
0	0	2
0	0	2
0	0	2
0	0	2f
0	0	6
0	1	9
0	0	8
0	0	4
0	1	0
0	0	2
0	0	3
0	0	6
0	0	2
0	0	9
0	0	4

5S

47° G E O R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 2

For every Crate of Glafs Ware

For every Crate of Earthen Ware, large

Ditto	-	-	fmall

For every Stove -

For every large Range or Grate

Ditto	-	-	fmail

For every Chert of Draws, double

Ditto	-	-	fingle	-

For every Mahogany or other Chair

For every Side ot Bacon

For every Bil'iard Table -

For every Dining Table -

For every Car'd or Pembroke Table

P^Tevq-y other Table

For every Mahogany Bcdrtead

For every other - Ditto

For every Sopha	.	.

1 or every Hai pftcrrd

F< r every.$pi»ngt or Piano-forte

For Wine in Bottles, per Dozen

		i 6	J.	d.
.	J	°	I	0
-	-	0	0	6
-		0	0	4
-	.4	0	0	3
-	•	0	0	6
-	-	0	0	3
-	-	0	0	8
-	-	0	0	4
.	-	0	0	1
.	-	0	0	6
- ■	-	0	a	O
-	-	0	0	4
-	-	0	0	3
-	-	0	0	2
	-	0	0	3
.	-	0	0	2
-	-	0	0	6
-	-	0	4	0
-	-	0	3	0
-	' -	0	0	4

LO"NDON: Printed by Georoe Evie and Andrew Strahan,

Fripters to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1807.

•10I

biu

;I3-V1 fly's!, t



i ( ifld

	n aiH
fo "Pi v' j	iH -ari i
FdJft , b S>l	
i w !	



TP'-

v units

fi



• Wfi/yn

, *!	'	V	bajfUiig	ajfWiorlJwA'	fere »

nan r'ir	c.

ow

mi

finihti 3rtia '	'	/{t	y	j-	rJitriT

qm’ bun i nig-tslu-j

wan nmj o

h/lJo t” ii uiochoH

'fir

it io‘ ifi-j ■ rum .

* M tjfi-j'yri -ci arlj ejw

	’*> pf
	
	
aT t -	
	
	
to Ug v	v- >:is.
.uvswT-	
	-
-• find;	srii

: • w .Xj, .

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self. 2.

****************#»****»#******************************

Cap.3-

An Adi for enlarging the Pcnycrs of an Adi made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His prelent Majefty, for amending Two Adis, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith ; for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others, adjacent to and connedled with the faid Harbour.	[25th	July	1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was pa (fed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi for enlarging jjg. 3. c. jS, ami improving the Hat hour of Leith, fr making a new Bafon,

Quays, Wharfs, or Do.is, for building IVarehoufes, for making new Roads

and widening others leading 10 and from the faid Harbour, and for impowering

the Lord Prcvoji, Magiflratcs, and Council of the City of Edinburgh to

purclaje Lands, Houfes, and Areas, and to borrow Money for tbefe

Purpcfes: And whereas an Act was made in the Thirty-eighth Year of

the Reign or Hi$ prtfeiu M.jcfty, intituled, An Act to amend an Adi made 33 G.3. c. 19.

in the Twenty-eighth Tear of tie Reign of His prefent Majefty, for enlarging

and improving the Harbour of Lei.h : And whereas an A£t was made in

the 1 hirty-ninth Year of the Reign of llis prefent Majefty, intituled.

An Act to amend Two Adis made in the Twenty eighth and Thirty-eighth 2'ears 3? G. 3. e.44, of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith: And whereas the Powcis and Authorities granted by the laid [Loc. 'df Per.'}	£	recited

&2

Lord Provoft, tec. to con. ftrudt Draw, bridge and other Wurki#

d;

H'ritor* who

have .lie gi a:tft Pi o pertv in nave a 1 reference in purclulii.g.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap..3,

recited Acts are not fufficient to enable the fa id Lord Provoft, Msgiftrates, &nd Council, to provide for the Accommodation of the Trade frequenting the Harbour of Leith, by opening certain new Streets and widening others, and it is needfary that the Term and Powers of the faid recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fhotil'd be enlarged and amended: May it therefore pleafe Your M.jefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,.and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Lord Provoft, Majiltrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, fhall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to conftruft another Drawbridge over the prefent Harbour of Leith, nearly in a Line with Saint Bernard's Street, and to open a new Street of Sixty Feet wide from the Weft End of the faid Draw-bridge along the South Front of the Warehoufes, erefted or to be erefted on the Land Side of the Wet Dock already conftructtd, and of the next Wet Dock to be conftrufted by the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, by virtue of the Powers contained in the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and to conneft the faid new Street with the Streers or Roads already made or to be made in the Citadel of Leith, and on the Lands of Hitlhoufe Field, and with the Streets or Roads leading to or from Leith Fort; and to trear, contraft, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Houfes, Grounds, and Areas, for the Purcbafe thereof, to the Extent of One hundred and twenty Feet in Width, in the Line of the laid Street, for the Purpofe of making the fame, and for building on the South Side thereof ;■ reserving always to the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, ami the Proprietors of Houfes, Grounds, and Areas in the Citadel, any Right of Common Property they have or may be found to have in the open Space or Area called The Citadel Green'. Provided always, that the faid Owners or Occupiers (hall have the Option of building on the South Side of the faid Street themfelves, or of occupying the fame in any other Way, in place of felling the fame, and which Option they are hereby authorized and required to make within Three Months after the puffing if this Aft, by a Writing under their Hands refpeftively, duly intimated to the Chamberlain of the City of Edinburgh, upon Condition that they oblige themfelves feverally, that any Buildings to be erefted on their refptftive Properties (hall not be of a greater Height than the Warehoufes to be erefted on the North Side of the faid Street, by the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, and be formed on a regular Plan, to be approved of by the (aid Lord Provcft, the Lord Prefident of the Court of Seffion, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, all for the Time being; provided alfo, that the faid Owners and Occupiers who (hall avail themfelves of the aforefaid Option, (hall form and maintain a good and fufficient Foot Pavement of hewn Free Stones, along the South Side of the faid Street, of the Breadth of Nine Feet at leafr, oppofite to their refpeftivc Properties.

II.	And whereas it may happen from the Nature of the Property on the South Side of the faid Streer, and of the Plan to be approved of as afore Ltd, that Buildings may require to be erected paaiy on Ground belonging to the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their

Succeftw*

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.3.	6$

Succeffors in Office, and partly on Grounds belonging to other Conterminous Heritors: Be it therefore enadted and declared, That where fuch Buildings (hall be to be eredted on the Properties of more than one Conterminous Heritor, the Heritor who (hall be Proprietor of the greateft Part of the Property (hall have the aforefaid Option, and in calc of his taking the Benefit thereof, (hall be bound, and is hereby required to trear, contrail, and agree with the other Conterminous Heritors for the Purcbafe of the Remainder of fuch Property, and in the Event of their not being able to agree relative to fuch Purchafe, the Value and Recom-pence to be paid for the fame (hall be fettled by a Jury, in the Manner herein-atter mentioned.

III.	And be it further en.idled, That the faid Lord Provoft, Ma-giftrates and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, (hall have full Bernard's Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, Street> ‘t:* to widen the Streer, called Saint Bernard's Street, being the Eaftern Accefs

to the faid intended new Draw-bridge, to the Width of Forty 1-eet^ and alfo the Lane or Screct leading from the Sand Pert towards the Draw-bridge already eredted, to the Width of Thirty-twofeet, and the!

Road leading from the Centre of the Dock already executed to that Street, the Eaft Branch of which leads to the faid laft-nwchtioned Draw-bridge, and the Well to the Toll-bar, to the Width of S xty Feet, and to make the faid Weft Branch of the Street leading to the faid Toll-* bar as aforefaid, of the Widrh of Forty-five Feet, until it reacnes the Wtftcrn Boundary of the Property belonging to	Chalmers

of Leith Mount, or his Heirs, and for thefe Purpofcs to treat, contiact, and agree with the Owners:and Occupiers of the Houles, Grounds, and Areas fc Dated on the Sides of the aforefaid Streets and Roads, for the Purchafe thereof.

■i—J W' ;n *V" ! O'	•	•	'	.	,

IV.	Apfliwhereas the Qround which will be required for widening the Power to the faid Ro^^r^treetlcacUng fiorn the Centre of the Dock already executed, Lord »’ro*oft, and P^rt,of. the GrPun4''Mhich will be required for widening the Welt cifaft ther* Branch of .the .Road o^ Streec leading as aforefaid to the Toll-bar, and Glebeot. on. v»high,no Buildings of any Kind are at prefent greeted, is Part of the t'eronSonh Glebe u£,the Mimfttr of North Lcitb, or Ground in the Occupation of Leith.

the Miniflcr. and Knk Seffion of North Leith, commonly called the Glebe or FanS'Gtn-fiens ; be it. therefore enabled. That the faid Lord Provolt, Magillrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, (hall be, and they are hereby authoiifcd and empowered to treat, contract, and agree, with the Miniiler and Kirk Seffion of the Parifh of North Leith, and the Prefbytcry of Edinburgh, or any other Prrion or Perlons. who may have Right to the aforelaid Ground, (to whom Power and Auihomy are hereby lpecially given to that Eifedl) for the Purchafe of the faid Ground along the Line of the laid Roads or Streets, to the Extent cf One Acre, for the Purpofe of widening the faid Roads or Streets, and erecting Buildings on the Sides thereof,for fuch an Annual 'sum as (hall be agreed upon by the faid Lord Provoft, M-agiftrates, and Council, and the faid Miniiler and Kirk Seffion of North Lath, and the faid Prefbytery of Edinburgh, or other Perfon or Perfons having Right and Intereft as aforefaid , and in the Event of their not being able to agree, then for fuch an Annual Sum as fhall be fixed and alcertained by a Jury, to be fum-moned in Manner herein-afrer mentioned,,and which Annual Sum fo to be v • £	agreed	'

6l4

Wot to affect

the Merits of mny Qoeffioa depending.

Power to build a Bridge below Ltuh

Mills.

470 GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 3.

agreed upon, or fixed and afcertained as aforefaid, (hall continue to bff paid in all Time hereafter by the (aid Lord Provoft, Magiftratcs, and

Council, and iheitSucctffois in.Office, to the Minifter of North Leith, and his Succefiors, ferving the Cure o( the laid Parilh, or other Pet fun or Perfons as aforefaid : .Provided always, that the Minifter ferving the Cure of the faicl Parilh fur the Time, with ihe Concurrence of the laid Kuk Seflion and of the laid Piefbytery o( Edinburgh, or other Perfon or Pcr-fons having Right and Inteieit as aforefaid, (hall have it in their Option, to Jeave Ground fufficient to make the faid Roads or Streets of the.Width aforefaid, thereby referving the building Areas on the Sides theieof, which the faid Minifter, with Concurrence as aforefaid, or the Perfon or Pet* fons having Right thereto, are hereby authorifed and empowered to tcu out and dilpofe of for fuch Annual Feu Duty or Rent as can be procured for the fame, taking the faid Feu Duty or Rent payable to the Pcifon or Per* (bns having Right and Intend to the Property, and which Option is hereby authorifed and required to be made within Three Months after the puffing of this Aft, bv a Writing under his or their Hands, duly intimated to the Chamberlain of the faid Citv of Edinburgh, upon Condition that he or they oblige themfelves th.it the Buildings to be ert&ed on the aforefaid Ground, along the Sides of the faid Roads or Streets, (ball be formed on a regular Plan, to be approved of by the faid Lord Provoft, the L-rd Prelklent of the Court of Stilton, and the Lord Advocate oI Scotland, all ft r the Time being, in Manner before-mentioned : Provided always, that if the faid Minifter of North Leith, with fuch Concurrence as aforefaid, or the

P.	ilon or Perfons having Right to the faid Grounds, (hall take the Benefit of the Lid Option, and leave Giound (ufficient fur widening the raid Loads or Stree's as aforefaid, then and in that Calc the laid Lord Piovoft, Magi(Ir;tes, and Council, anti their Succefiors in Office, lhaii be bound and obliged to p.nv to the lai.i Minifter of North Lath, and his Succefiors ltrving the Cure of ihe laid Parilh, or to the Peifon or l’erlons having Right as aforefaid, luch an annual Sum as fhall be agreed upon as the Value of the Ground lo lelt, or in the Event ol their not being able to agree, then fuch in annual Sum as (hall be fixed and afcettai.rcd, as tire Value thereof, by a Jury, in Manner herein-.dter directed.

V.	Provided a'fo, and be it enafted, 7 hat nothing herein contained fhall aft'edt, or be construed to affedt the Mciits of any (fd t (Lon depending, or which may aiife concerning the Validity of any l'Yu Rights, which may have been granted by any Minifter ferving the Cure ot ihe laid Parilh.

VI.	And be it further enofted, That the faid Lotd Provoft, Magif-trates, and Council, and their Succefibrs in Office, fhall lie and thy ate hereby authoiized and required to conft.uft another Bridge over the Water of Leith b.'ow Leith Mills, the South-eaft End thereof being in the Line of a fmall Dwelling Houfe belonging to Alexander Hill, and another Dwelling Houfe belonging to Allan Macdougal, poffi fled by David Jnglis, and to have the fame paflable within Two Years after ihe Second Wet Dock fhall be fit to admit a Veffcl, or foi ner, in the Event of the Money ntceflary for that Pcrpofe being paid ir.to the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, in Manner 1 erein afier-mentiored : Provided always, that the faid Bridge fhall not be commenced till it be ihewn to the Satisfaction of the Lord Prevail, Magiftratcs, and Council, and their

SucceiLis

*5

47°GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cap. f.

Succeflfors in Office* by Agreements and Arrangements of thofe interest'd, or otherwil’e, that the Proprietors and Occupiers of che Ground on which the faid Bridge is to be erected, and 'the Proprietors and Occupiers ot Grounds adjacent thereto, who have already or lhatl hereafter take their Option in Manner after mentioned, fhail be bound to free and relieve the faid Lord Provuft, M'agiftrates, and Council, and their SuccefTors in Office, of all Claims competent to any of the Proprietors or Occupiers, either on account of Damage during the Execution of the Work* or otherwife.

VIT. And be it further enacted, That the faid Lord Provoft, Magistrates, and Council, and their Socceffors in Office, fhail be and they are hereby authorized and required upon Money being paid into the Bank of Scotland or lioyal Bank of Scotland, in M inner herein-after mentioned, within Two Years from the Dare of paffing this Aft, to open a Stieet of Sixty Feet wide, commencing at about Two hundred and forty Feet from the Line of the South Quay of the Second Wet Dock, and run ning in a direftLine and in a regular Slope to the Nortluwelt End of the faid lalt-mentioned Bridge, and frdm the South End thereof in a dtreft Line arfd in a regular Slope to the Foot of Leith Walk, terminating in the faid Walk on the Properties of John Kelly, and the Heits of Dcftor Gikfon, and paffing through the Properties of John and 1Thomas ftaijaiiMy, William Btilfmy, Patrick Hrulawty, John JohrJlbnc, With cm Giles, the Heirs of Walter Gihfof) and Join Kelly, and'Others, ami fo treat, contract, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of Grounds, I knifes, and Areas for the Purchafe thereof, to the Extent of One hundred and eighty Fett in Width in the Line of the fan! Street, for the Purpofe of making the fame, and for building on the ‘Sides thereof: Provided always, this the faid O wrier s and Occupiers wiio have not already taken the Benefit of the Option allowed by the faid in Part recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Hi’s prdf’ert Majefty, fhail in like Manner with thofe who have declared their Option under that Act, have it frill in their Option to open and make the faid Street Sixty Feet wide through their own refpeftive Properties, thereby taking the Chance of beirg indemnified by the Building Areas! on each Side thereof; and futh Owners and Occupiers as have not already declared their Option Under the faid laft-mentioned Aft are hereby authorized and required to make the fame within Six Months alter Hie paffing of this Aft, by a Writing under their Hands refpeftively, duly intimated to the Chamberlain of the City of Edinburgh, upon Condition that they oblige themfelvcs leverally that any Buildings to he erefted on their refpeftive Properties fhail be formed on a regular Plan to be approved of by3 the Lid Lord Provoft, the Lord Prefident of the Court of Seffion, and the Lord A,dtacatc of Scotland, all for the Time being.

VIII.	Provided always, arid be it enafted, That in the Event of anv of the faid Proprietors and Occupiers not taking the faid Option, rife Proprietors and Occupiers who have already taken of fhail take the Benefit of the fame, (hall be bound and pbliged in the Proportions to be fixed and afeertained by the faid Lord Provoft, Lord Prefident cf the Court of Seffion, and Lord Advocate Of Scotland for the Time being, or by any Per-fon or Perfons to be fpeeially appointed by them for that Phrpofe, within Three Months after being thereto required by the faid Lord Provoft, "Magiftrates, and Council, and thefr SirccefforsinOffiee,-to advande and [£cc. 6? Per ]	R	ray

And fo own a

Street i -in - .

municaring

therewith.

The Proprietors, ic. tak-

ingtlieOp-ion

to open the Street to pay Money into the Bank, &c, for the Pnr-cliafe from thofe who (fo noi take fuch Option,

66

How their Relief to l>e operated.

Proprietors in front to purchase ot thole behind.

Upon a certain Sum being paid into the Bank of Scot-., land. Lord Provoit to build the Biidge at an earlier Period.

Power to make Afiign" ent in Srcur.ty.

47° GEORG 11 III. Self. 2. Cap. 3.

pay into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland the Sums which lhall be neceffary for purchafing the Grounds and Houfes belonging to fuch Proprietors and Occupiers who (hall not take the Benefit of the faid Option, and the Money fo to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland as aforelaid (hall be fubjeft to the Orders in W riting, to be by the faid Lord Provoft, or Prefes of the Council of the faid City for the Time being, figned in Prefence of the Council afiembled at ftaced Meetings.

IX.	And be it enatted, That the Proceeds arifing from the Sale of the Areas fo to be acquired as aforefaid, (hall, upon a Refale of the fame, after Dedu&ion of all neceffary Charges and Expences, be paid over to the Proprietors or Occupiers making the faid Advances, in the fame Proportions in which the Advances (hall have been made.

X.	And be it enaded and declared, That where the Ground or Area lying within Sixty Feet of the faid Street, or either Side of the fame, (hall belong to different Proprietors, the Proprietor of that Part of the faid Ground next adjoining to the Line of the Street, and who (hall have opened the fame through his or her own Property in front thereof, (hall have the Option of purchafing from the conterminous Proprietors (who (hall be bound to lell the fame) their Part of the Ground or Area of Sixty Feet wide, lying behind his or her Property, and upon taking the Benefit of that Option, he or (he (hall be bound and is hereby required to treat, contract and agree, with the other conterminous Proprietors for the Purchafe of the Remainder of fuch Property, and in the Event of their not being able to agree relative to luch Purchafe, the Value and Recompence to be paid for the fame fnall be fettled by a Jury, in Manner herein-after mentioned, and the fame Rules fhall be obferved in all Rcfpeds in regard to fuch Purchafes as are appointed to be obferved in the cafe of Putchafes by the faiJ Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council.

XI.	And whereas it may be of Advantage to the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houfes and Grounds in the Line of the faid intended new Street, that the laid intended Bridge over the Water of Leith, below Leitb Mills, fliould be eretted at an earlier Period than hen.in-before directed ; be it enafted. That the laid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, any Tiling herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding, upon the Monies necelfaiy for the Conftruiftion of rhe faid Bridge being paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, fubjedt to the Orders in Writing of the faid Lord Provoft, or Piefcs of the Council of the faid City, to be figr.ed in Prefence of the Counc.l afiembled at their dated Meetings, or Security for the Payment of the faid Monies as aforefaid being found to their Satisfaft on, to conftrndt the faid Bridge, in Manner before-mentioned, without awaiting the Completion of the laid Second Wet Dock.

XII.	And be it enadled, That the following Proprietors of Houfes and Grounds who have already taken their Option to open the faid Streer, «ividelicet, Allan Macdougal Writer to the Signet, Robert Wilfon Accountant in Edinburgh as his Truftee, John Campbell Writer to the Signet, Wil. ham Balleny Merchant in Leitb, William Giles and Patrick Ha daw ay

Brewer*

67

47° GE0RG1I HI. St*fT. 2. )Cap. 5.

Brewers in Leith, and John Johnfon Baker in Leith, or the Majority of them, who fhall be in Life at the Time, as Truftees for thernfeNes, and the other Proprietors, upon procuring any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thoufand Bounds for the Purpofeof building the faid Bridge, and paying the fame into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland as aforefaid, (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to affign to the Lender or Lenders of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, the Obligation for Re-payment of the Capital or Principal Sum herein-after impofed on the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council v but they dial I have no Bower to bind any of the Proprietors for the Re-payment thereof or of the Interelf, their Power being confined to aligning the aforefaid Obligation for Re-payment thereof.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That in the Event of the faid Jhe ^ Bridge being erected by Means of Funds imprefted as aforefaid, the faid Money Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, fhall be bound, and obliged, as ter tiulsridge. foon as the faid Second Dock fhall be fit to admit a Veffel, to repay to the

Truftees before-mentioned, or fuch of them as may be alive at the Time, or Majority of them, for themfelves, and in Truft for the faid other Proprietors and Occupiers, or to their Aftignees, the Capital or Principal Sum that fhall appear to have been impeded as aforefaid, for the Erection of the faid Bridge, but without any fntereft thereon, up to the faid Period when the laid Second Dock fhall be fit to receive a Veffel, but to bear Incertfl thereafter till paid.

XIV.	And whereas it may happen that fome Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Power to Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Truftees, Heirs of Entail, or others, who

are feized- and poffeffed of, inrerefted in or entitled to Houfes, Grounds, tions, etc. or Areas, which may be neceffary to be purchafed for the Purpofes of t° trcat> el®-this Aft, may bedifpofed to treat, contraft, and agree for the Sale of fuch H'luf.s. Grounds, or Areas, but may be incapable of felling or conveying the fame by reafon of legal Difability orlncapacity; be it therefore enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every fuchPerfon or Perfons,

Bodies Politic, Corpoiate or Collegiate, Truftees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors or furious Perfons, or other Perfons for whom they are Truftees, who (hall be fefzed and poffeffed of, interefted in or entitled to any fuch Houfes, Grounds, or Areas as aforefaid, to fell and convey to the laid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, or to their Succefiois in Office, or to fuch ether Perfon or Bcrlons as they fhall appoint, all or any iuch Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or any Bart thereof for the Purpoles aforefaid ; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances that fhall be fo made fhall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithftsnding ; and that fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Truftees, Heirs of Entail or others aforefaid, are and fhall be hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue and in purfuance of this Aft.

XV.	Provided always. That if it fhall happen that any Perfon or Perfons Mode of rro-whatfoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Proprietors or Occu- ceeding where piers of Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or other Property lying within the fefufetoTlI. Boundaries deferibed as aforefaid, feized or poffeffed of, interefted in or entitled to the fame refpeftively, fhall refufe to treat, contraft, or agree to fell

the

68

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cap. 3.

the fame as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriff Depute of the?(}ounty of Edinburgh, or his Suhllitute, and they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required, upon Application from tine laid Lord Proved;, Magiftrates, and Council, or their SuccvfforS in .Office, to fusnmon and return Forty-five fubftantiai and difinterefted Proprietors of Lands in the Coumy of Edinburgh, valued in the Cels Books to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots, and the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subllitute (ball appoint a Day and Place for proceeding in the faid Matttr, of which Notice in Writing fhall be given to fuch Proprietors and Occupiers perfonally, or lefc at his, her, or their ufual Piace or Places of Abode, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of fuch Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or other Property as aforefaid, and at the Time and Place fixed,out of.fuch Perfons fo to be fummoned and returned, the Sheriff Clerk of Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Subftitute fhall, in the Prefcnce of thefaid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute, and of the Party or Parties inte-refted if he, (he, or they choofe to attend, draw out the Names of Fifteen Perfons,and theFifteen Perfons whofe Names fhall be thus drawn fhall form a Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and in cafe of the Death of any of the faid Fifteen Perfons, or of their Inability to attend, the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute fliall direft the Sheriff Clerk or his Deputy, or Subftitute to draw from amongft the remaining Names of the Perfons fummoned by the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftiture, in the Manner before mentioned, fuch an additional Number of Names as may be necefiary to makeup a complete Jury of Fifteen, able to dttend; and the faid Fifteen Perfons are hereby required to come and appear before the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute, at fuch Times and Places as in his Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, fhall be directed and appointed to that Efieftand the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute, is hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand from Time to Time as Occafion fhall require, to call before him i'uch Perfon or Fcrfons as fhall be thought proper or necefiary to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes before him, touching or concerning the Premifes, and to fend his Precept or Precepts for all and every fuch Perfon or Perlcns who is and are hereby required to appear before the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute, and to produce fuch Books, Papers, Deeds, and Writings as the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute fhall judge necefiary for his Information, or for the Information of the Jury, fo to be formed as aforefaid, in any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, and the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute fhall and may adminifter Oaths for the better Difcovery of the Truth cf the Enquiry by him to be made to any Perfon or Perfons therein concerned, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, and fhall and may authorize the fair! Jury to view the Place or Places and Matters in queftion, and the faid Jury upon their Oaths, to be adminiftered by the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute, fhall enquire of and affefs fuch Damage or Recompence, Price or Prices as they fhall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners or Occu-piers, or any of them, for any fuch Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or any Part thereof, for their refpeftive Eftates or Interefts in the fame, as by thefaid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, or their Succtffors in. Office, fhall be judged necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and the faid, Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute fhall and may give Judgment fr fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo tfi be afiefled by the Verdift or Verdifts of fuch -Jury or Juries refpeftively, which faid Verdift or Verdifts, and tfe' '	Judgment

69

.^"•GEORGII III. ^eff.2. Cap!3,

Judgment, Decree, nr Determination thereupon declared and pronounced by the faid Sheriff Depute or his Subftiture and the Value or Recomprnoe, Price or Prices, io to be affrffed and declared, fhall be binding and concluffve to all Intents and Pu pofes whac-foever againft luch Perlon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Perlon or Perfons whatloever, having or claiming any Right, Title, Trull, < r lntereft f, in, to, or out of fuch Houles, Grounds, or Areas as aforclaid : an<i tlie laid Vcrdifts, Judgments, Orders, Sentences, and Decrees, and other Proceedings of th- faid ShenffD pute or his Subtlituie, fo to be mad. , given, and pronounced as atoref iid, fhall be fairly written on Paper or Parchment, and figned by the faid Sheriff D -pute or his Subftitute at the making or pronouncing of the fame, and fhall be recorded in the Sheriff Couit Books of Edinburgh, and the fame, or Extracts thereof, fhall be deemed and taken as good and tffeftual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equ ty whatloever.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, that if fuch Jury or Juries /hall adjudge ihe Premifes to be of greater Value than the laid Lord Pro-voft, Magiftrates, and Council, or their Succeffors in Office, fhall offer for the fame, then and in that Cafe the Cofts and Charges of everv Sore and Kind attending the obtaining of fuch AlLffment by a Jury, fhall be paid and defrayed hy the faid Lotd Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office ; and if the laid Jury fhall not adjudge the faid Premifes to be of greater Value than the laid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council /hail offer for the fame, then and in that Cafe the laid Cofts and Charges fhall be paid and defrayed by the Party or Parties refufing to treat or accept of the Price offered by the faid Lord Provoft* Magiftrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office: P ovided always, that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall by .Real n of Ablence be prevented from treating, fuch Cofts and Expence- fh .11 be borne and paid by the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office.

XVIf. And be it further enafted, That upon Payment of fuch Sum or Sums ot Money fo to be awarded or adjudged to the Paity or P.r.xs concerned, or legal Tenders made to him ho. or them, refpeaivcly, either perfonally or at his, her, or their Dwelling Place or Owe I hr . Platts, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of Scotland, or into the. Royal Bank of Scct/ind, in Manner by this Adi diiected, and Notice of fuch P-ymtnt left in Writing at the Dwelling Houle of fome 1 ma. t or Occupier of the Premifes it fhall then, nd not before or othtrwifc, be lawful to and for the fa d Lord Provoft. Magilbates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, and to and fer their Agents or Workmen, to remove, pi ll dowr, convert, and difpi le ot fuch Hou/es, Grounds, and Areas, tor the Purpolcs of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Lord Pm-vrift, Magiftrates, and Council, and tlitir bucoeflbrs hi Office, (hah fee fit and expedient; and t e bid Lord Provoft, Migflratts a d Council, add tiierir Succeffors in Office, fha.l be indemnified therein, and be quieted in the Poffefti'in of the Premiles In to be ordered, c<nvir yd, and ciifpoled of under ihe Authority 6t this Aft: Provided that N> tice (hail be given -o the TcirarfVs or Occupiers ot fuch H ufes 1b to be puffed down, .me Grounds and Areas to be converted for the Purpofts of this Aft, Thirty Days at icalt * [Lee. is Per.J	S	before

Expenses of

I ,:ies now tu be paid.

Cpon P’jr-

i-..’ o Pur-csic oney, the Lurtl f’ro* volt e*c may e PoftcT* '

iidHi

7o

1 n cafe of Want ot Title, or if P-rJons cannot be i unrt, PlK-chai'e Money Io be paid mtc the Bank ot Scotland,

Fein verting Purctiaf'e Moines if

amounting to aool.

47" GEORG 11 III. SefT. 2. Cap. 3.

before the Term oiWbitfunday at which they are to be removed therefrom, by affixing a Notice in Writing so that Effect upon the moft patent Door of fuch Houfe or HouL-s, or ferving the fame upon the principal Tenant or Occupier of Fuch Houfes, Grounds, and Areas, or leaving the fame at his or her Dwelling Place.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute (hall arile 1 between the Parties claiming or entitled to different Interefts in the

Houfes, Grounds, or Areas to be purchafed, pulled down, converted and difpofed of for the Purpofes of this Adi; or in cafe any Perfon or Perfons > to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hail be awatded.for the Purchafe of Houfes, Grounds, or Areas as aforefaid, (hall refufc to accept of the fame,or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, ro the Satisfaction of the i’aid Lord Provoft, Magistrates, and Council, and their Succeffurs in Office, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awaided as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, be not known or dilcovered, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Laid Lord Provolt, Magiftraces, and Coun il, and their Succeffors in Office, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo to be awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Houfes, Grounds, and Areas (deferibing them) fubjeCt to the Order, Controul, and Dil'pofition of the Court of Seffion, which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a funirnary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fatd Court (hall feem meet, to order Diftrtbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends, or Intereft arifing therefrom, according to the ref( ective Effaces, Title, or Intereft of the Perfon or Peifons making claim thereunto, or to make fuch ether Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court lhall feem juft and realonable, purfuant to the Directions of this Aft; 2nd the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, fjecifying for what End, and for whofe Ufc the fame is or are received.

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid (or any Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Afts and of this Aft for the Purpoles thereof, which are held under Entail, or arc fubje ft to Life-Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or (hall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infnnr, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Dirtfticn and by the Authority of the Court of Seffion, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied, under the Di* reft ion and with the Approbation of the faid Courr, to be fignified by an Older made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Petfonor Peifons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Houles, Grounds, or Areas, in the Purchale or Rtderiiption

9	of

i

a

i

3t

a

M

of

it aot be d to iytl aid Itr, on id and rift, i °f gio dog

:l«l

this

Loyal

Ti*

e®

t«i*

Jtttd

luWi

ndof

ir«

llbc-trfon fctbe ;f tl« th

ufeof

tV'

tdiif

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.3.	?i

of the Land Tax, or Difchirge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or affecting other Houfes,

Grounds, or Areas, ftanding fettled there with to the fame or like Ufes,

Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and mvcfled under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Houles, Grounds, or Areas, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufe‘,Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Houfes, Grounds or Areas which lhall be lb purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as, at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, lhall be exilting undetermined, and capable of taking EfF:6l ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the Interell or annual Produce of fuch Money lhall, from Time to Time, be paid bv Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entided to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Grounds, or Areas fo hereby directed to be purenafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That ifanytMoney fo rf left than agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, *S!ce»ii!ig iat purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to

any Corporation, or to any Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fnajl iexeced the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame lhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in cafe of Infancy 6r Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fpe&ive Hands, under the like Diredion and Authority, be paid into either of the laid Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as afore-laid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dire&rd ; or ocher-wife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to TwoTruftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons, making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Lord Frovofl, Magistrates, and Council, and their Succtf-fors in Office (Tuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch piincipal Money, and the Interell arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Cafe be applicable.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That where fuch Money Under 20I fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, lhall be lets

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons wljp would, for die Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Grounds, or Areas fo purchafed, taken, or uied for ^he Purpoles. of this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid LordProvoft, Magnates, anti C >uncil, and their SucceiTors in Office, fhall think fit; or, in cafe of Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his. her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ufc ano Benefit ol fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled relpedively.

XXII. And

Where any

Queftion lhali a rile ton hing the Right to fuel) Money*

The Court

may order realonablc JSxpei'ces of puicliaf s to he paid to Truttee*.

power to thel Lord Prov ft,

etc. th'; Deao ot Guild, Ad. mini and reticle m B.tillies of Leith, ex* tentfeu oVcr Groun<?6 and Buildings under .n u • thority of this A"i, and of the 39th of the prelent Reign.

power to levy a Duty cf Tonnage.

490 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.%.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Tide of any Peifon to any Morey to be paid into the faid Banks, inpurluanceof this A.'t, tor the Porch if-of any Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or of a* y Eftate, Right, or Intcreft in any Houes, Gr unds, or Areas, to be purchaled in purluance thereof, the Perlon or Perlon* who (hall have been in Pofiefli in thereof at the Time of fuih Purchale, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perlons, or uno. r the Pofieffion of fuch Perlon or Perlo.iS, lhall be deemed and uken to have been lawfully entitled to luch H njfes, Ground-, or Areas, according to fuch Pofieffion, until the contrary lhall be {hewn to the S.uis'adion of the faid Court of Seflion; and fuch Mon-y. and the In-tereft thereof, fh, 11 be paid, applied, and difpofed of accord ngly, unlefs it (hill be madr appear to the faid Court, that Juch P fieflioo was a wrongful Poff (lion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes, Grounds, or Areas, or to fome Eftate or Intcreft therein,

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That where, by re,.fon of any D lability or lmapacity of the Perlon or Perlons, or Corp< ration, entitled to any Houfes, Grounds, or Area-, to be purcha ed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchale M riey for the fame fh II be required to be paid into the faid Banks and robe applied in thePurr chafe of other Houfes, Grounds, or Are--s, to be fittlrd to (he like Ufes irj purfuance of this Act, it (hall be lawful fur the laid Court to order the Expenres of all Purchale.', from Time to Time to be ma>ie in puuuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch E*pences as the Court fhali d cm rea-fonable, together with the neciffiry Cofts and Charges of obtaini g fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Lord Piovoft, Magiftraies, and Ci u cii, and their SuccefTors in Office, who (hall from l ime 10 l ime pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch PurpoFcS as the laid Court (hall dited.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Lord Provoft, Magistrates and Council, . nd their SmerfTors in Office, the Dean of Guild of the City of Edinburgh and his Court, and the Admiral i f South Leith and r elide At (Viapilbates ihertof, as Admiral Deputes, and tne Baron Baulie and refidtnr Ma-iftrates of Canonga,et Pkajanct, North Ltith% Coathiil, and Citadel, final I have, exirci’e a.id c<j»v, the fame Powers,-Authorities, and Juriftiidion', over the whole H ufes, Grounds, and Prtmifes to be purchaled, Hoads, Stiects, and Buildings and other Works to be made ar.d ertfbd by virtue of this Ad, and of the he'O'e recited Ad of rhe Thirty-ninth Year of (he Reign or His prelent Ma-jefty, as rhey reipedively now have and enjoy over the prefent Town of South arid North Leith, and Poit thereof.

XXV.	And whereas a great Expence will be incurred in miking the aforefaid Draw bridge oppofitetoCao// Bernard's Street, and in openi g and widening the feveral Streets ar.d Roads before fpccified, and a.’fo in ke-p« ing up, maintaining, and fupporting the Draw-bridge already oeded, andche Drawbridge to be erected by virtue ot tins Ad: And where** the Ertdion of Gates, and colleding a Pontage upon ihe afore* laid Draw-bridges would tend in a great Degree to interrupt the Com. muntcation acrofs thr fame; be it therefore enaded, Thar, from and arter theTtmc when the faidDraw-biidge to be erected oj polite to Stint Bernard’s

. ,,	-	Strtsf

73

47a GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.?,.

Street, fhall be marie pafTable for Carriage1, it fnall and may be lawful to the faid Lord Provoft, Magifirates, and Council, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe to be levied, demanded, and taken along with the Shore Dues, presently colieded by them (the Charge to be made and the Payment to be enforced in the fame Manner, and by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods by which me Charge of the aforefaid Shore Dues is made and the Payment thereof enforced,) the Sum ot One Penny Sterling upon every Ton of Goods of every De-feription imported at the Port ot I.citb, over and above all and every other Duty at pretent exigible by Law, to be applied in Manner hercin-after directed-, and that for the railing, collcdinsr, levying, and enforcing Payment of fuch Tonnage Duty, luch and the fame Powers and Authorities fhall be competent to the faid Lord Proved:, Magifirates, and Council as are competent in regard to the raifing, coliediog, levying, and enforcing Payment of the faid Shore Dues: Provided always, thac it (hall be in the Power of the faid Lord Provofl, Magifirates, and Council and their Succeflors in Office, at any Time by an Order made in Council, to difpenfe with the levying of all or any Part of the faid Tonnagi Duty on Coals imported at the Port ot Leith, and to recommence the levying of the fame, and fo on from Time to Time, as they (hajl think fit.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the Event of the aforefaid powrrtoraik Tonnage Duty hereby authorized to be levied, not amounting to the tiieR:'tc-Sum of Seven and a Half per Centum of the whole Monies to be expended for the Purpofes of this Ad, the faid Lord Provoft, Magifirates,

and Council, fhall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and colled, along with the Hate and Du.y herein-before fpecifird.

One Half more of the aforefaid Rite and Duty, and to continue fo to do until a Surplus fhall be accumula ed equal to the Amount of the whole Monies to be expended by virtue of this Ad, in Manner and for the Purpofe herein-afeer directed.

XXVII.	And be it ena&ed, That the aforefaid Tonnage Duty fo to be Application levied and received as well as any other Annual Revenue thac may arife ofd>eDu;ie». from Grounds or Areas, to be purchafed by the faid Lord Piovoft,

Magifirates, and Council, in virtue of this prelent Ad, fliall be applied in

keeping in complete Repair the aforefaid Draw-biidges, and in paying the Perfons neceflary’to be employed relative to and in the Management of the fame, the Surplus whereof (if any) to be paid to the Colledor of the Dock Duties and other Annual Revenue, made payable by the before recited Ad of the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Maj: fly’s Reign, and applied in Payment of thelnterdl and Re-payment of the Capital Sum, to be expended for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXVin. And be it further enaded,That an Account of all the Monies to Terminnicn be expended in making the faid Draw-bridge, and in making and widen- of t,lc D“te,‘ ing the Streets and Roads by this Ad authorized to be made and widened, and in repairing the faid Draw-bridges, (hall be kept leparate and diftind from all other MatteTS, and as form as the Tonnage Duty hereby authorized to be levied, demanded, and taken, and any other Annual Revenue that may arife from Grounds or Areas to be acquired for the Purpofes of this Ad, fhall amount to fuch a Sum (after defraying the Expence of Repairs and Management in Manner herein-befote directed), as fhall be [Lee. Per.]	T	equal

74

To levy Rr.tes for thr Ufeof Dry Dorks,

and of the Sheds.

Application of the Duties.

470 GEGRGII III. £cff. 2. Cup.%.

eq Jal ro the Re-payment of the Did Capital Sum fo to be expended for the Purp iVs of this Act, then in that F.vctu the laid Tofmage Duty authd-rzcd to be lcvkd, demanded, and taken as aforelaiJ, lhall ceale and determine.

XXIX.	Ard whereas, the faid Lord Piovoft, Magiftrates, and Council, are at prefent engaged in making and conllruding a Dry Dock for the P in pole of rcpa.ring Vtff. 1-, t>e it thenfore en.ided, That the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their Succeffors in Office, fliall have foil Power and Authority, and they are hoeby authorized and em-poweiect to fix and levy the Rates and Duties contained in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, from every Perl’on or Perfons who fliall ule the aturefuid Dry Dock or any other Dry Docks hereafter to he made for the Repair of any Vcfiel cr VdTels, and from Time to Time to vary and alter the aforelaid Rates, fo as not to exceed 'he Sums in rhe faid Schedule fpecified and contained ; and Inch Rates and Duties ffi. il be levied, demanded, and token in fuch and the fame Manner as is directed by the laid recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His pn-fent Majefty, with reg.rd to the Dock Doties therein authoriz.d to be levied, demanded, and taken.

XXX.	'And whereas the faid Lord Provoft, Magiflrates, and Council, intend to erect Sheds on the Quays of the faid Docks, lor the Accommodation of the Trade of the laid Port of Leith, be it therefore rr.ucteJ, That tbe faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, and their Sj;-ceflbrs in Office, fliall have fu'l Powrr and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fix and levy the Rates and Doties following from every Perfon or Perlons who lhall ule the aforelaid Sheds, and Item Time to Time ro vary and alter the aforelaid Rates, fo as not to exceed the-Sums herein-afier mentioned ; that is to fay.

For each Ton of Eight Barrel Bujk, or for each Ton of Twenty hundred Weight, which lhail nor lemaiii in the-aforelaid Sheds for a longer Time than One Week, the Sum of Two-pe ce Sterling; and the further Sum of Two-pence Sterling for crch Ton as afarefaid, which lhall remain in fuch Sheds-longer than the afottflid Space of One Week, but not exceeding Forty-eight Hours; and the farther Sum of Two-pence for each Space o! Forty-eight Hours, during which the faid Goods fliall remain thereafter:	„

Which Rates and Duties fnall he levied, demanded, and taken, in fuch and the lame Manner as is herein-belorc directed, with regard to tha Tonnage Duty htretn-bel'ore mentioned.	.	;i.

.	■	i

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fliall be optional to all and every Perfon or Perfons ro make ofe of the faid Dt> Docks ind Sheds or not, as they fliall think fit, and the Rates and Duties to bd levied, demanded, and taken for the Life of fuch Dry Docks and Shedd in Manner before-mentioned. Hull be applied in the keeping in Repair the alcrefaid Dry Docks and Sheds fo to i>e. conilrufted as aforefaid,: aad in paying the Perfons employed to take Charge of the fi^ne, the Refidua {if any) to be paid and applied in the fame Msnner and for the faron Purposes to which the Dock Duties and cither Annual Revenue, made

payable

47" GEORG II III. SefT. i. Cap.‘3.	flf

payable by the faid feezed Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majeily's lleign, is hereby dirtfted to be paid and applied.

XXXII.	And whereas by the faid recirrd Aft made in the Thirty-ninth Alteration . f Year of His prefent Majefty, the faidLorc Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council, '*”'d '.cVouty and their Succeffbrs in Office, are aut'norifed and empowered to levy and in certain colleft certain Kates and Doties from the Maftcr or Commander, Owner Lafes-or Owners of every S'up or Vcffel brought into of ufing the Harbour of Leith, or the Dock, Pier, orother Works thereto bdohgfng, and among others the following Rates ; for every Ship or Veflel from any Port between BUchanefs and Eyemouth, including the Great Canal and the River Clyde as far down as Greenock coining by the Canal, the Sum of Three-	*

pence per Ton •, and for every Ship from any other Port in Great Britain and Ireland, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton ; be it enacted, That if any furh Ship or Veflel from anv Port between Buchanefs and Eyemouth, including the Great Canal and the River Clyde as far down as Greenock cbfrring by_ the Canal, fhall remain in the Dock above Four Weeks, every fueh Ship or Veffl-1 fhall, inftead of the Sum of Three-pence, be charged with the Sum of Sixpence per Ton.	.

' XXXII!. And whereas by the faid recited Aft made in thd Thifty-riinth Cowprstio* Yea- of HiS p re fe nr M ajt ft y, < he TidLorU Provo ft, Magiftrates,- and Cntircd, remaining la and their Succeffbrs in Office, are alfo authorifed and empowered to itvy Do.k. and colleft the following Rate; for all Ships and Veffels remaining in the Dock above 1 hree Calendar M' nths, Two-pence per Ton for each after-Month or any Part thereof, excepting Slips or V die is from Greenland or David's Straits: And whereas certain Doubts have arifen as to the Mode of computing the faid Three Calendar Months •, be it enafted, That the Computation of the faid Three Calendar Months fhall begin from the Day of any Ship or Vcffel fhft entering the faid Dork, and (hall run on without Intcrm'fflon as long as fuch Ship or Veflel fhall continue within the Harbour of Leith ; and that the going out of fuch Ship or Veflel from the Dock into the Harbour, and returning afterwards into the Dock, fhall not be any Interruption to the Currency of the Three Calendar Months ; after which the Duty of Two-pence /wTon per Month is to commence.

XXXIV.	And whereas much Inconvenience has arifen in frequently open- Ship-, leaving ing and limiting the Dock Gates for the Paflage of Ships and Vefl'ds from

the Dock to the Harbour, and returning to the Dock, without Necefluy; to pay an Ad-be it enabled, That every Ship or Veflel which fhall leave the Dock for the dlt*un‘l1 Duty> Purpofe of going into the Harbour, fhall, each Time on re-entering the Dock, pay the Sum of One Penny per Ton over and above the other Dock Duties with which fuch Ships and Veficls are chargeable, unlefs fuch Ship or Veflel fhali have left the Deck for the Purpofe of cleaning or bailafting, or fhall have been removed therefrom by Order of the Dock Maftcr.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Lord Provoft, Magif- p0werl0tnake

trates, and Council, and their Succcflors in Office, fhall have full Power and and enforce Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and Ke'uUUon*'** enforce what Regulations, Bye-Laws, andOrders they fhall judge it necef-	”	*

fary to adopt for the Government of all Veffels frequenting the Wet or

Dry Docks, and for keeping clean the Streets, Quays, and Paflages therewith connected, and infiift Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance

\?6	47*	GE	ORGII III. Stff. 2. Cap. 3.

formance thereof, fo as that no Penalty (hall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for anyone Offence; Provided always that fuch Regulations, Eye-Laws, and Orders, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, as the fame (hall from Time to Time be made, altered, or varied, (hall not be rtpugnant to the Laws of Scotland, nor to the Provifions in this Aft contained, and (hall be put up, either in Print or in Writing, cn fuch Place or Places near or adjoining to the faid Docks, as the faid Lord Provoft, Magiftrates, and Council (ball think proper, and at all Times remain and be in the faid Place or Places.

Mreinai^i" XXXVI. And be it enafted,That the before-recited Afts, and all the Produce. ' vifions therein contained, (hall remain in full Force, and (hall be extended to this prefent Aft, except in fo far as they are hereby altered, explained, and amended.

Expenct* of XXXVII. And be it enafted. That the Expences of applying for and ob-the A&. taining this Aft (hall be defrayed out of the Firlt and readied of the Rates and Duties authorized to be levied by the faid recited Afts or this Aft.

Public AS. XXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

*ni "V .IlY.' v’lV " .1 .

V X.rr'^r,:*	■

-i»f. (11;	‘1	r‘l	-j	•'	li-TVip'I	H-t/-	-	;

-r ,[■ 1 ..1)	-I:..-

: .... r-ytn -zym tfeTmf .Siting

•gnifl-.l ill r 1 iifi'i-c-.a iut; .1 }•«/ :1 (J

ill. sir- a

SCHEDULE

!></■ a ‘*i]

tu r-4 r e

u

SCHEDULES to which this Ad: refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) Dock Duties.

3	Ditto, including going in,& coming out.

4	Ditto ,5 Ditto

6	Ditto

7	Ditto

8	Ditto

24 Tide*

2	Neap*

3	Ditto

4	Ditto

5	Ditto £ Ditto

7	Ditto

8	Ditto

Vcflcls 50 Tons.		50  and not exceeding	ICO and not exceeding 150.		150  and not exceeding 2C0.		200 and not exceeding  250.		250 and not exceeding  300.		300 and not exceeding 35°		350  and not exceeding 400.		400 and not exceeding  450.		450  and not exceeding  500.		500 and not exceeding 550.		55°  and not exceeding 600.	600 and not exceeding 650.		650 and not exceeding 700.		700 and not exceeding 750.		750 and not  exceeding  800.	800 anal not .•jcceeding 850.	850 and not exceeding 900.	900 and not exceeding 950.		95° and not exceeding 1,000.
£	..	£ 1.	£		£	..	£		£	..	£		£	*•	£	<•	£	2-	£		£ «.	£	i.		<•	£		£ 1.	£	£ ..	£		£ 2
X	l6	2 2	2	8	2	!4	3	O	i	6	3	12	3	18	4	4	4	10	4	16	5 »	5	8	5		6	0	6 6	6 12	6 18	7	4	7 xo
2	*	* 9	2	j6	3	3	3	10	3	17	4	4	4	■>	4	is	5	5	5	12	5 '9	6	6	6	■3	7	O	7 7	7 >4	8 t	8	8	8 15
2	8	2 16	3	4	3	12	4	©	*	8	4	t6	5	4	5	•i	6	0	6	8	6 16	7	4	7	12	8	O	8 8	8 16	9 4	9	2	10 0
2	J4	3 3	3	12	4	1	4	,0	4	*9	5	8	5	*7	6	6	6	'5	7	4	7 »3	8	2	8	«<	9	O	9 9	9 18	10 7	10	6	«< 5
3	e	3 'O	4	0	4	10	5	O	5	.0	6	0	6	.0	7	0	7	IO	8	0	8 10	9	O	9	IO	xo		10 10	11 c	11 10	12	0	12 IO
3	6	3 '7	4	8	4	'9	5	IO	6	1	6	12	7	3	7	■4	8	5	8	16	9 7	9	|S	10	9	XI	O	11 11	.2 2	12 13	13	4	>3 >5
3	12	4 4	4	|6	5	8	6	O	6	>*	7	4	7	16	8	8	9	0	9	12	xo 4	10	l6	: r	8	12	O	12 12	*3 4	13 x6	>4	8	15 0
6	O	8 0	9	O	10	0	II	O	»	0	13	O	H	0	>5	O	16	0	17	O	18 0	>9	O	20	0	21	•	22 0	23 0	24 0	»5	O	26 0
12	O	16 O	is	0	20	0	22	0	*4	0	26	0	»8	0	3»	0	3*	0	34	O	36 0	3»	O	4°	0	4*	0	44 0	46 c	48 0	5°	0	52 0
>s	O	24 O	27	0	3°	0	33	0	3<>	0	39	O	4*	0	45	0	48	0	51	O	54 0	57	O	60	0	63	0	66 0	C9 0	72 0	75	°	78 0
*4	0	3» 0	36	0	40	0	44	0	4*	0	5*	0	$6	0	Co	°	64	0	68	0	72 0	74	O	80	«	*4	0	83 0	92 0	96 0	too	O	1C4 0
30	O	42 0	45	0	50	0	55	0	60	0	«5	0	70	0	75	0	so	0	*5	O	90 0	45	O	100		.05	0	no 0	115 0	120 0	”5	O	130 0
3‘	0	48 0	54	0	60	0	66	0	72	0	78	0	S4	0	9°	0	96	0	102	0	■os 0	in	O	120	0	126	0	132 0	233 0	144 0	>5*	0	156 0
4*	O	56 O	63	0	70	0	77	0	84	0	9<	0	,8	0	105	0	112	0	119	0	126 0	133	O	140	0	•47	0	>54 »	161 0	168 0	>75	0	182 0
44	0	*4 0	7*	0	80	0	88	0	96	c	IO4	0	X 12	0	120	0	n8	0	136	0	144 0	>5*	0	160	0	168	0	I76 O	184 •	192 0	ICO	0	aoS 0

£

•SO

470 GE0RG1I HI. Seff.2.

47° GEORGII III. Self, 2. Cap.3.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Names of Proprietors or Occupiers.

Prefbytery of Edinburgh, for the Glebe.

Minifter and Kirk Sefiion of North Leith, for the Glebe.

Heirs of	Steele,	the	Reve-

rend Mr. Buchanan, and Gilberc Hutchinfon Advocate.

John Kirkpatrick, for Simes Property.

Mrs. Hume.

Mr. Finlay.

Mr. Gibb.

Mrs. Lifton.

Mr. Brown, Shipmafier.

Mr. Ramfay.

Robert Liddel.

Henry Haggart Efq.

William Sibbald Elcj.

Mr. Nimmc.

Mr. Campbell, Writer to the Signet. Mrs. Walker.

Mr. Chalmers, Leith Mount.

Mr. Wilkitfon.

Mrs. Breakenrig.

Mr. Laurie.

Mr. Ritchie, Shipmafier.

Mr. Artcbiefcn.

Earl of Hopetown, under the Management of Mr. Sheriff.

Robert Sheriff.

Andrew Thomfon.

O plain Todd.

Adam Peacock.

Mr. Gectdes.

Mrs. Oliph mr.

William Giles.

Patrick Haddaway.

Jo'm Cuntieil.

Andrew Caffds.

William Balleny.

Berthwick, Young and Company. John Jobation.

Alexander Hitt.

John Kelly.

Alexander Goatee.

Allan MacLsottgaL Harry Davidfba.

Robe.t Wilfon.

Paterfon and Miilont s.

LONDON: Printed by George F.vke and Attnusw Stkahax. Printers to the King*? mod FxcelU-n? Majefly. s!7-cy.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff. 2.

***************** ******* *********** »**#***# *-***•



Cap. 4.

An Act for erefting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the County of Perth.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Hall, or Court Room in the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, which is commonly ufed by the Lords Commiflioners of the Court of Judiciary upon the Circuit, by the Freeholders, Juftices of the Peace, Commiflioners of Supply, and Heritors of the County of Perth, at their general and other Meetings, and alfo by the Sheriff Depute of the fai I County, and his Subftitutes, for the Purpofe of adminiftering Juftice, and difeharging the other Duties of their Offices, is inconveniently lituated, too fmali, and altogether incommodious and unfuitable for the i'everal Purpofes abovementioned ; and it is expedient and neceffary to provide a proper Judiciary and County Hall for the Purpofes aforefaid: And whereas no pu lie Office, or Place, is at prefent provided for the Depofit and fafe Cuflody of the Public Records of the * County of Perth (excepting fuch as may happen to be fo employed by the Perfons for the Time being, holding and exercifing the feveral Offices of Sheriff Clerk, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of Supply, Clerk of Freeholders, Clerk of Turnpike Roads and Highways, Keeper of the Regifter of Sa-fmeSjOr other public Offices, within thefaid County,which Places fo employed are private Property, and not fecure againfl Fire or Damp) ; and it is very important to the Rights and Interefts of all Proprietors of Lands in the laid County, and other Perfons connected therewith, that an Office or Place [Lac. & Per.J	X	foe

82

Commiflion-

ers.

Meetings.

Quorum.

47° GtORGII III. Sefl'. 2. Cap. 4.

for the Depofit and fafe C.uftody of the faid Records fhould be provided and kept within the faid City and Royal Burgh of Perth, as being the head Buroh of the County : And whereas no Provifions are contained in any exifling Law for determining by what Perfons, or out of what De-fcription of Property or Funds, or in what Manner the Expence of building, providing and maintaining fuch Judiciary and County-Hall is, or ought to be paid ; nor is there at prefent any Fund for building, and providing, and maintaining a public Office, or Place, for the Denofit and late Cudody of the public Records of the faid County, all of which Buildings will be of great Benefit, as well to the County of Perth at large, as to the City and Royal Burgh of Perth. May it therefore pleafe your Majedy, That it may be enacted; and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Judices of the Peace and Commiffioners of Supply of the County of Perth, being in the actual Pafledion of the Property or Dominium utile of Lands, valued in the Cefs-Books of the faid County, at One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; the Sheriff-Depute of the County of Perth and his Suboitutes, and the chief Magidrates of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, and of the Royal Burgh of Culrofs, all for the l ime being (hall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Com-miflioners for building, altering, enlarging, improving, furniffiing, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Hall, Offices, and Places before-mentioned, for making Avenues to the fame, and for executing all the other Powers by this Ad committed to the faid Commifiioners.

II.	And be it enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall hold Two dated Meetings at Perth every Year, One on the fame Day on which the Commiffioners of Supply of the faid County of Perth diall meet for the Pur-pofe of affeffing the Land Tax on the faid County, and the 6ther upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the faid County, and fhall hold their Fird Meeting on the Fourth Monday after the palling of this Act; of which Fird Meeting the Sheriff-Clerk of the faid Counry is hereby direded and required to give Nonce by Advertifement in any Two Newfpapers ufually circulated through the faid County, at lead Ten Days before the Day of fuch Meeting; and the Sheriff-Clerk fhall have Power, and he is hereby ordered and required, when direded (by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or more. Commiffioners), to call at any Time an extraordinary Meeting of Commiffioners, to be held at Perth, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, and alfo Notice of the Purpofe of the Meeting ; and at fuch Meeting no Bufinefs diall be entered or decided upon, other than what fhall be fpecified in the Notice given as aforefaid ; and it fhall not be in the Power of any ordinary or extraordinary Meeting, to refeind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former ordinary or ex-' traordinary Meeting, unlefs previous Notice of the Intention of fo doing, and the Time of the Meeting, be given by Advertifements in the Newfpa pers as aforefaid.

III.	And be it enaded, That at all ordinary and extraordinary Meetings of the faid Commiffioners, any Fifteen of them fhall be a Quorum, who fhall have Power to adjourn to any future Day ; and if a Quorum of Commif-

4	Loners

83

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cup. 4.

fioners (hall not be prefent, any one or more Commiflioners prefent fhall have Power to adjourn, but not to do auy other Bufinefs.

IV.	And be it enabled, That if any Perfon (other than thofe herein before-named Commiflioners by virtue of their Offices), not qualified as aforefaid fhall, ndtwithftanding, prefume to aft as a Commiflioner, in the Execution of this Aft, every fuel) Perfon fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum r. it exceeding Fifty Pounds, hefides the Expence of Profe-cution, to be levied by fummary Complaint of any One of the faid Comtnif fioners before the Juffices of the Peace for the County of Perth, at their Quarter Seflions, or before the Sherift’-Depute, or Subftitute of the faid County, to be paid to the faid Commiflioners, or their Treafurer, to be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft; and the Proof of Qualification Ihall he upon the Perfon complained of.

V.	And be it enafted, That the faid Commiflioners, at their Firff, or any fubfequent Meeting, fliall, by a Plurality of Voices, eleft a Praefes, and appoint a Clerk and Treafurer, to hold and exercife thefe Offices, at the Will and Pleafureof the faid Commiflioners, either feparately or jointly, with reafonable Salaries, or other Allowances for their Trouble ; and fuch Clerk and Treafurer fhall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and fliall at all Times obey the lawful Commands and Inftruftions of the faid Commiflioners.

VI.	And be it enafted. That the faid Commiflioners may, if they fhall think fit, appoint a Committee or Committees of theirNuniberto luperintend the Progrefs of the Buiidings to be erected, or to carry into etfeft any of the Purpofes of this Aft, to whom they mav delegate iueh of the Powers hereby granted to the faid Commiflioners as they fliall think fit.

VII.	And be it enafted. That it fliall and may be lawful to the faid Commiflioners, at their firft or any fubfequent Meeting, to aflefs, or caufe to be nffefled, upon all Lands and Fifhings valued in the Cefs-Books of the faid County, any Sum, not exceeding Three Times the Amount of the annual Land-Tax actually paid for fuch Lands and Fifhings, and of the Land-Tax formerly paid for Lands and Fifliings, the Land-Tax of which is now redeemed: which Aflefiment fhall be levied, recovered, and collefted, in the fame Manner, and by the fame Means, as the Payment of the Land-Tax is levied, recovered, and collefted, either by the Colleftor of the Land-Tax (he receiving a reafonable Reward for his Trouble), or by fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fliall appoint for that Purpofe ; which Colleftor of the Land-Tax, or other Perfon or Perfons to be fo appointed as aforefaid, fhall account for and pay over the faid Affeflment to the faid Commiflioners, or their Treafurer for the Time being, at the fame Time, and in the fame Manner, and under the fame Conditions and Penalties as the Colleftor of the Land-Tax, and of the aflefled Taxes, is, or fhall be obliged to account for and pay over the Land-Tax and aflefled Taxes, or either of them, to the Receiver General thereof, or Perlon appointed to receive the fame, on behalf of His Majefty, Flis Fleirs and Succeflors; Provided always, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to levy, or caufe to be levied, in any one Year, a greater Proportion or In-ftahnent of the faid Afleflment, than fliall amount to One-half of the

whole

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

May ele£t a Pracfes, Clerk, and Treafurer.

Power to appoint a Committee.

Affrffmcnt tor effecting the Purpofes of the Act.

Not more than the Amount of Half the

s4

annual Laud Tax to be levied in one Year.

I? City of Perth makes a free Grant of Ground, no Affefiment to be made on it.

Commiflion-ers may borrow Money.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 4.

whole annual Land-Tax of the faid County, including the Land-Tax formerly paid for Lands and Filhings, the Land-Tax of which is now redeemed, nor (hall any Indalment be lefs than One-fourth of the annual Land-Tax

of the faid County fo eltimated as aforelaid.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That if the Incorporation of the faid City and Royal Burgh of Perth (hall make a free Grant to the faid Commiffioners, of a Space of Ground, fufficient for the Site or Area of the aforefaid Hall, Offices and Places, and Avenues to the fame, no Part or Portion of the faid AfTefiment (hall be levied on the Lands or Fifhings belonging to the Incorporation of the faid City and Royal Burgh, nor upon any of the Lands or Filhings within the faid City and Royal Burgh of Perth, or Bounds thereof; but the faid Affeliinent and Inftalments thereof (hall in that Cafe be eltimated and levied in the fame Manner as if the Lands and Filhings belonging to the faid Incorporation of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, and the faid City and Royal Burgh and Bounds thereof made no Part of the faid County of Perth: Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall be deemed or condrued to relieve the faid City and Royal Burgh of Perth, or Inhabitants thereof, or any other Perfons, of any Obligations they may be under, either by Law or otherwife, to build and maintain a Gaol or Prifon for the faid County or City and Royal Burgh of Perth, or to provide Parts or Portions of the Furniture, Benches, or other Accommodation neceflary for, or belonging to fuch Gaol or Prifon, and fora Judiciary Hall, or the Apartments therewith connected, in the faid City and Royal Burgh of Perth.

IX.	And be it enafted. That the faid Commiffioners (hall have Power, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to borrow and take up at Intered, on the Security of the Afi’eflment hereby authorifed to be levied, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (had judge requifxte for defraying the Expence of ereding the faid Hall, Offices, and Places, and procuring Plan? and Edimates for the fame, together with every other Expence attending the applying for and palling of this Act, and carrying the lame into Execution, provided that the whole Amount of the Monty fo borrowed (hall not exceed the Sum of Ten Thoufand Pounds Sterling: And it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered to alfign or make over the Whole or any Part of the Affefiment hereby authorifed to be impofed and levied, to any Perfon or Perfons from whom the Money aforefaid, or any Part thereof, fiiall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment thereof, and the Intered arifing thereon, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and fuch Affignments in Security for Money to be borrowed as aforefaid, lhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the faid Commiffioners or their Clerk for that Purpofe, which Book or Books may be feen and perufed by any Perfon or Perfons in any way intereded therein, without Fee or Reward ; and the Affignments in Security to be granted by the faid Com-tniffioners for the Purpofes aforefaid, fiiall be transferable by Indorfement duly fubferibed by the Party transferring in the Prefence of one or more fubferibing Witnefs or Witnefies; which Affignments, fo to be granted by tiie faid Commiffioners, fiiall be made and executed by their Clerk, in their Name, on their Behalf, he being fpscialty authorifed fo to do by a general Meeting of Commiffioners: Provided always, that the faid Com-

miffioners,

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 4.

miflioners, or their Clerk, or fuch Perfons as they may appoint to receive the Money fo to be borrowed as aforefaid, (hall not be perfonally fubject to pay the fame by reafon of their authorifing the Signature of, or figning fuch Bonds as before direfted.

X.	And be it enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall have Power and Authority to employ and contraft with Artirts, Tradefmen, and other Perfons for making Plans of, and for erefting the faid Hall, Offices, and Places, and to direft Alterations and Improvements thereon, at all Times, during the Execution of the Work, and to do whatever may be neceffary, proper, and expedient for carrying the Purpofes of this Aft completely into Effeft, and to purchafe fuitable Furniture for the faid Hall, Offices, and Places, when the fame are completed.

XI.	And be it enafted. That the faid Hall, Offices, and Places, when finiffied, with the Furniture thereof, and Avenues leading to the fame, together with all Materials for Building, for the Purpofe of being made ufe of for the fame, which are not the Property of their Agents or Contraft-ors, (hall be veiled in the faid Commiflioners, and they or their Trea-furer are hereby authorifed and empowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any Aftion before any Court competent as accords againft any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fleal or take away, or receive if flolen, any fuch Materials, or difturb the faid Commiflioners in the Ufe thereof.

XII.	And be it enafted, That the faid Commiflioners may fue and be fued for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Aft in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurerfor the Time being, and that no Aftion or Suit wherein the faid Commiflioners fhall be concerned as Purfuers or Defenders in the name of their Clerk or Treafurer by virtue of this Aft fhall abate by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Treafurer, but that the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Commiflioners -for the Time being fhall be deemed to be the Purfuer or Defender (as the Cafe may be), in every fuch Aftion; and that the faid Commiflioners fhall be intitled to acquire all Rights of Property and Servitude connefted with the faid Buildings, Hall, Offices, and Places, and the Site or Area thereof, and Avenues leading to the fame, and that the Rights and Conveyances thereof to the faid Commiflioners fhall be taken in favour of their Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being, and his SuccefTors in Office, which Rights and Conveyances fo taken fhall be fufficient for verting the Subjefts thereby conveyed in the faid Commiflioners.

XIII.	And be it enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall be and they are hereby empowered to contraft and agree with;the Sheriff-Clerk of the faid County for the Time being for a Rent to be paid by him for the Rooms, Apartments, and Offices, which fhall be ufed by him as the Sheriff-Clerk’s Office of the faid County, which Rent fhall be a Fund for keeping in Repair the faid Hall, Offices, and Places, and the Furniture thereof, and Avenues leading to the fame in all Time coming; and in cafe any Difference fhall arife between the faid Commiflioners and the faid Sheriff-Clerk for the Time being, as to the Amount of the Rent to be paid by the faid Sheriff-Clerk for the Rooms, Apartments, and Offices fo to be ufed by him, the

[Loc. & Per.2	T	Rent

85

May contra A for Buildings, See.

Buildings to be ere fled and veiled in the Commif-fioners.

May fue and be fued in Name of their Clerk or T reafurer.

Conveyances to the Com-mifiioners to be taken in name of their T reafurer.

May agree for a Rent of Sheriff-Clerk’s Office, which fhall be a Fund for Repairing the Buildings.

86

47* GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 4.

Rent to be paid by thefaid Sheriff-Clerk fhall be fettled and fixed by the Sheriff Depute of the County vlJkflb.

Enpenccsof XIV. And be it enafted, That the whole Expences of preparing, pro-tliis Aa how curing, and palling this Aft, and all other Expences attending tire fame, to be paid, fhall be paid and defrayed out of the firft and rcadieft Monies borrowed or collected by virtue of this Aft.

Limitation of XV. And be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suit fhall be commenc-Actions. edagainft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance or by virtue of this Aft after Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed or Caufe of Aftioil accrued, for which fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be fo brought, and the Defender or Defenders in any fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any .Trial to be had; thereupon.

jh \ 17^1 /I illr	kJ

Public A St.	XVI. And be it enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a

Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others without being fpecially pleaded.

Si.- - ■ }“*»IHvr -----

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefly. 1807.

X

~iuq 0} vneqrnoO wA,.•'	3 ariT 3	f dr no oi iiA .A A
io 3 Hi fit ?>) ;<■'	{.rJ i3JuW	xt*nii3o sicHo
v V?, bns vnVJV ,v \r.-		
-aval sdi bnumsoi bnn ;in r	.|U, earflnrAl i^xbo errs,	
tlAloW TJilto bin; X->oCI rii	H gniHiu	n toi eft A bit
.saismnjroO io no	onbomrnoaoA 3Hi loi	
. -AftttWnA. io 370*1 jfl;	xiiHiiv/ ,	. -> *j f) ^1 Sn.j
		
jIj f0*l bnfi LiidT orfl ni ho*!': ’	A A flE	?/..?IK‘TTIT T §
bne w. iRpniX ^ if.- ft. aift It		frio tea i \S\B
v« v- .Vi^ jptiv\ ■ . •>A		■ :<ms ^ V I
V tU'.V.O A* VI rlbwh~li<i .'Wl .		.1 ,'W asu l! At \s
mfi V1.1 yuMv, l-«		. AJkvVs««s tXaiafbi>iM
ad) IotrvY ibli-T)n jwT .>di 'fji -1: j	. » ibt . ret	r b::A •• %”4.a H
v«\ ftk »K ,hahmiJii .bnoaaS 9*6	vniX 'ritei	ai 8 H ' . rt-.bSl
£i«a .frtiff «nniw«i ' • •	lumogtito)	o-’tosO
"V ’-‘.BtsUiaAvA gi-.i v-av\vr\_ "A jtv.-X	OTtdtftU TO	!,VAnw»» rt .gnidairt
ilif/. ^.ftmora t«oft .rrifcdlW ,	rji? '\s im\'	Vte'Vft'-.
Vv.B i "AuVl 4\«» «»vr »s* V.V	.idV.WiT -vs»	Vj 'ssrsa .ysnqaJ^ ,urtft
iiA jit. RK-nariw bid £;uiuVt's\sn\S io>I\.		
^baiutbra tngbH mofaitj a?H	0 tea Y nJ9ir	toi rnit nr ballEq ecw
«Ai vj\ >irv -A V.w .swiAjA	qArtO. vft	« ■y’As.w Tsk
.wtwuvtO .’ituoOiAo s vti	' rVid W( V)	
miww X		

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelT 2.

******************************************•**»*****•*•

Cap. 5.

An Ad to enable The London Dock Company to pur-chafe certain Water Works in theParifhes of Stratford, Weft ham. Bow, Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parifhes adjacent; and to amend the feve-ral Ads for making Wet Docks, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was parted in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Water Works in the Parijh of Saint Paul’s Shadwell, in the County of Middlefex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and fettling the faid Water Works: And whereas an Att was parted in the Twenty-firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Adi for empowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Bird, Efquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for furnijhing the Inhabitants of the feveral Parifoes and Places of Stratford, Weftham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End, Stepney, and other Parijhes and Places adjacent, with Water; and for better fecuring their Property in fuch Undertaking: And whereas an Aft was parted in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, Ar. Adi for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, [Doc. (A Per.j	Z	within

$ St 4 tV. & M. c. 37.

iiG.i. c.*. 40G.3. *.47,

9°

47° GEORGII III. Sefr. 2. Cap.

'tvithin the Port of London, by which foil-mentioned Aft the fcid London Dock Company were authorized and tiinecled to pt»chafe gnd take to them-felves and their Sttccefiims, ac if d«y were a fiody Corporate, all the Land or Ground, Water Hordes and Water Works, with the Appurtenances belonging .to the Governor and Company of the Water Works and Water Hoides kj Siad-i^tt aforefaid ; and the laid London Dock Company accordingly made filch Purchafe, in the Manner and upon the Terms preferibed by the laid Ail: And whereas an del was palled in the Lorry-four'll Year 44 G 5-c-z. 0f pfjs prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled, An AH for railing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Adi, pafjed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security 'of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London : And whereas another Aft was pafied in the laid Forty-fourth Year of His faid prefent Majefly’s Reign, 4., -j. coco, iogyd^d,' An AH for warehoufng Goods within the Limits of certain Docks, made under an AH puffed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Tears of His pre-Jent Mdjejly, intituled, ‘ An AH for making Wet Docks, Rafons, Cuts, and

*	other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Com«

*	merce, and Revenue, within the Port of London ; and to make Regulations

*	relating to the faid Docks :’ And whereas an Aft was pafied in die Forty-45G.3. c.53. fifth

Year of Ilis prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aid to alter and

amend an AH, faffed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Conbnerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for extending the Powers and Provifcns of the faid AH: And whereas ,an Aft was pafied in the Forty-fixth Year of His pre-4SG.3-c.s9. fcpi Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AH to alter and amend feveral AHs puffed in thg FortiethForty fourth, and Forty-fifth Tears cf His prefent Majejly, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purpofes in the faid AHs mentioned ; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company •• And whereas the Water Works eflabliflied under the Authority of the faid Aft puffed in the Twenty-firft Year of King George the- Second, might be more .conveniently and beneficially carried bn than at prefent, if {he fame were pprehafed by and veiled in the faid London Dock Company, and conducted by them ; and the faid Company are therefore defirous of purchafing fuch Water Works, and have agreed with the Proprietors thereof for fu,ch Purchafe, fubjeft to the Sanftion and Authority of Parliament in that behalf: And whereas the Powers and Provisions in the faid feveral Afts, relating to The London Dock Company, are found by Experience tu be defective and infufficient, and it is therefore expedient that thofe Afts fhould be further altered and amended, and that further and other Powers and Authorities (hould be given to the faid London Dock Company in the Premiles ; may it therefore pleale Your Majefty, That it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty,

^ , by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Com dm v may and Commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority contract for of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and the Purchafe Managers of the Concerns of the faid London Dock Company, or any of the eft.- Thirteen or more of them for the Time being, to contraft and agree for Water the Purchafe, aud to take a Conveyance, Surrender, and Aflignmertt, or Works. .	.	Conveyances,

47° GEORGlI III. Sell". 2. Cap. 5.	V1

Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, by fuch Deeds and A els in •Law as lhall be requiiite in that Behalf, of all and lingular the faid Water Works eftablilhed underand by virtue of the faid Aft, palled in rhe 1 \Ven-.ty-firlt Year of His late Majefly King George the Second, and all the freehold, Leafehold, and Copyhold MelTiiages, Buildings, Lands, Tene-.inents, Hereditaments, and other the Eftates, Goods, Chattels, and Property of every Defcription, and wherefoever fituate, appertaining to the faid Water Works, and of and belonging to the Proprietors or Perfons interefted in the faid Water Works, and other the Premifes, as fuch Proprietors, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances.

II.	. And be it further enacted. That the faid 1 all-mentioned Water Works, Veiling the

MeiTuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other	&c

the Eltates, Goods, Chattels, and Property laft-mentioned, and every jnthc London Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their Appurtenances refpeftively. Dock Com-Ihall, when and as loon as the fame lhall be purchnfed by, and conveyed, Pan7* fuitendered, or alligned to the faid Directors, or any Thirteen or more of

them, as aforefaid, become and be veiled in thb faid London Dock Company and their Succefi'ors, for the Purpofes of the faid Aft palled in the Twenty-firll Year of the Reign of His late Majelly King George the Second, andalfo for the Purpofes of this Aft; and from thenceforth all the Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Duties, and Offices given and created by the faid Aft of the Twenty-firll Year of the Reign of His Majelly King George the Second, may and lhall for ever be exercifed, enjoyed, and performed refpeftively, by the faid London Dock Company and their SutcelTors.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Com- The Com-

pany to have and ufe a Common Seal, and the fame Seal to break, change, Pa»y may ufe and make anew, as often as to them lhall feem expedient, and to put fuch g^a'[>lnmon Seal to all or any Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things to be done by the ’	.

faid Company.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That all Afts, Deeds, Matters, All Afts, 8cc.

and Things, which by the faid Afts palled in relation to the faid Docks, done byThir-or any of fuch Afts, are required or allowed to be done by Thirteen tecn Direft-Directors of the laid Company, or by any other fpecificd Number of fuch Directors, lhall, if refolved or.directed to. be done by fuch refpeftive Num- aone under bers of the faid Directors, after the palling of this Aft, and fealed with the Common the Common Seal of the faid Company, be of the fame Force, Validity,	ttie

and Effect refpeftively, according to the Nature of fuch Acts, Deeds, 31 ComPiIV-Matters, and Things refpeftively, as the fame would have been if done

and figned by the like Number of the faid Directors refpeftively before the palling of this Aft, or as the fame Aft>, Deeds, Matters, and Things Would have been if done and figned by fuch refpeftive Numbers of the faid Directors after the palling of this Aft; any Law, Ufage, or Cultom to the contrary notwithilanding.

V.	And be it further enafted. That the Direftors and Managers of rireftora and tho faid London Dock Company, elefted from Time to Time, purfuant to Managers of the- Directions of #he faid recited Afts, or any of them, lhall be the Go- company to*5

VemOTS be the Govec-

92	47°	GEORG	II	HI. Seff. 2. Cap. 5.

non and Ida- vemors and Managers of the faid Shad-well Water Works, without any raa*w°fthe other Election, Choice, or Nomination, made purfuant to the Direftiona Works! with- °f the faid Act of the Third and Fourth Year of King William and Queen out being Mary, or otherwife howfoever, and fhall have fuch Power to purchafe elected in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to them, their Succeflors and Affigns, for the Ufe of the faid laft-mentioned Water Works, and the a" of 3d 6c Concerns and Bufmefs thereof, and alfo for the Ufe of the faid other 4th Will, and Water Works, and the Concerns and Bufinefs thereof, when the fame Mar)-. fhall become veiled in the faid London Dock Company as aforefaid, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, as the former Proprietors of fuch Water Works refpeftively had, under the faid recited Adis of the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty-firft Year of King George the Second.

Tins Aft not vi. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this colter a 'y Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give to the Powers to the London Dock Company any Powers or Authorities in relation to the faid Dock Com- Sbadwell Water Works, or as to the faid other Water Works, when to The ve^e<^ 'n them as aforefaid, as to the taking of. any Lands, Tenements, Water Works or Hereditaments, for the Purpofes of the Water Works, or as to than the for- the making of any Refervoirs, or Aquedufts, Waterways, Feeders, or mer Proprie- Ponds, or laying of any Mains or Pipes, or as to extending fuch Works, d°r\heAa» and the Supply of Water from the fame, or for any other Purpofe what-cf 3d & 4th foever, other than fuch Powers and Authorities as might, in relation to william and the Matters’aforefaid, have been ufed, exercifed, or extended, and put in Mary, and force by the former Proprietors of fuch Water Works, under the faid lift George recjted Acts of the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty-firft Year of King George the Second.

For repealing VII. And whereas in and by the faid Aft, paffed in the Forty-firft a certain Pro- Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, Provifion was made for the

ufionm Afl Accommodation of the Public palling to and through Wapping, which +I y Provifion is found to be inadequate to the Purpofes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame fhould be repealed, and that other Provifions Ihould be made in lieu thereof; be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the faid laft-inemioned Aft, as required the faid London Dock Company, within Nxie Months after the palling of that Aft, to ereft and fet up a Fool Bridge at the inner Part of the Entrance Lock therein mentioned, and all the Provifions relating to fuch Foot Bridge, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

Tl(draining	VIII. And whereas the faid Lcndon Dock Company have now given

the Company Up? for the Accommodation or the Inhabitants of Wapping, and the Parts ing'c/rtr.in " adjacent, the Publick at large, certain Portions of their Ground to Portion' of increafe the Width of Wapping Street, from the South-weft Comer of Ground given Rujjiirs Buildings, in the Parifh of Saint George, to the Carriage Bridge up by them, acrtJfs the Entrance Lock, and from the faid Biidge to the South-weft Kn rthem'to Corner of the Watch-houfe in and belonging to the Parifh of Saint John keep in Re- of Wapping, on the North Side of the faid Street; and from the North-pair the weft Comer of the Paffage leading to Wapping Old Stairr to the faid Car-15 ndg«»,8ic. r;age Bridge ; anil from the faid Bridge to a Point on the South Side of trance Lock	Street,	oppolite	to	and	in a direft Line with the Weft Side

3	of

4f GEORG 11 III. SefTI 2. Gap}*

Ii,.-fed's BuTdir.g, aforefaid, on the North Side of the laid-Streep and* ‘ thfo'fepy 'have niad^'tha Jatd Street, called Wappmg^ Street^ including Foot and Carriage Ways,' mere. than Thirty-four Feet wide, where the fame *palTeS through (he "Property of the laid Company : And whereas the* 'faiif CoiiipahyT in order to give further Accommodation- to the Publick, 'have jnefeifed the Width of the Bridges or Paffages over the Gates of the Entrance Lock from the River Thames, to the London Docks, fo that fuch Bridges dor Paffages lad-mentioned are now of the Width of Five Feet and Six Inches where the Jacks caufed Obftruftion, and have made paved Pathways from Wapping Street aforefaid to the laid Gates, and the Bridges or Paffages over the fame of the Width of Fifteen Feet and upwards, on each Side of the laid Entrance Lock ; be it therefore enacted, That the faid London Dock Company lhall not at any Time hereafter be entitled to refume or reclaim the faid Portions of their Ground fo given up by them as aforefaid, to make Wupping Street wider ; and alio, that the laid London Dock Company, and their Succdfors, lliall, at their Colts and Charges, maintain and keep, and they are hereby required, for ever hereafter, to maintain and keep of the prefent Width, and in perpetual Repair, for the Ufe and Accommodation of the Publick, the faid Bridges or Paffages. over the faid Gates of the faid Entrance Loek, and the Pavement of the faid Pathways leading thereto on each Side of the faid Entrance Lock.	)	-	•	fit

9.3





IX.	And be it further enacted, That from and after die paffing of Aftions to be this Act, it lliall be lawful for the faid London Dock Company, and they fommenced are hereby empowered to commence, proiecute and defend all Actions and Suits wherein they are or lhall be concerned or int-erefted, by and in furer jQ t[f0ar the Name of the Trealurer of the faid Company for the Time being, and LondonDock alfo to prefer any. Indictment or Indictments, or information or Informa- Company, tions, againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any Offence committed againft the faid Company, in any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Company, or as to any Goods, Chattels, or Property, of or belonging to the faid Company, either as to their Docks or Water Works, or otherwife, or in relation to any Property in their Cultody; and the Name of fuch Treafurer Ityill and may be ufed in all fuch Indictments and Informations, and in all other legal Proceedings, as to any fuch Matters, Things,

Goods, Chattels, or Property, as and for the faid Company ; and the Death of fuch Treafurer, or the Resignation, or other Act of any fuch.

Treafurer, lliall not abate any fuch Suit or Information.

X.	Provided always, and be it hereby enacted. That nothing herein Foi-preferv. contained lliall derogate or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or ingthe Right! Privileges belonging to or veiled in the Trultees of the River Lea, by °*tfle Tnif-virtue of the feveral Acts now in force for the Regulation of the Naviga-	r Lea*

non thereof; and that the London Dock Company lliall not, by working rfie” faid Water Works (jointly or otherwife) under this Act, derive or have or exercife any larger or more extenlive Power of taking Water from the River Lea, or any of the Cuts, Streams, or Feeders apper-t lining thereto, than belonged to the Proprietors of the Wejtham Water Works, before the paffing of this Aft, any Thing herein contained to i5e contrary notwithstanding.

*° [Lot. It? Per.-]	A a

XI. Provided

94

Saving Claufe of the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of Weltham.

For paying the Expences of this Act;

And declaring tnis Act a Public Adt.

47° G E O R G11 III. Sell. 2. Cup. 5.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing contained

in this Ad, nor any 'J'hing contained or allcdged. in the;, J.mpA£t pallid in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of His late Majelty	the

Second, fhall extend, or be conltrued to extend, to Idkn, prejudice, take away, or defeat any lawful Claim, Right, Title, or imereti of George yo/j;j/?is«t’T.fquire, and James Humphreys Efquirc, the Lords of the Manor of Wejibatn in the County of EJfcx, or their or any of their Tenants ; but that the faid George JohnJione and James Humphreys, and the Lords or Lord of the fame Manor for the Time being, iltall and may, at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Waites, Waite Ground, Fiiheries, Streams, Rights of Soil, and other Privileges and Franchifes whatfoeyer, appertaining or incident to fuch Manor, or lawfully granted with the fame', or any Part thereof; and that all Tenants of the fame Manor, ihn.ll and may hold and enjoy all Rights and Privileges to them refpectively belonging, in as ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this Act or the faid laft-mentioned Act had never been nude.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Directors fhall pay and "efifeharge all the Colts and Charges of obtaining and palling this A6t, with

and out of any of the Monies belonging to the faid Company,

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Act lhall be deemed and taken to be a Puhlick Act, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juitices, and others, without being fpecialiy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majeity. 1807.

Sig-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

I****************************************** ***********

Cap. 6.

An A <fl for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, palled in the Twenty-eighth Year of His pre-lent Majefty, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Caftie of Chejler, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the laid Gaol.	[25th	July	1807.J

WHEREAS by an Aft, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the j8 G j,e.8». Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Acl for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of theCaJlle of Chefter, tbe'Prothonatory’s Office, the hxchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the faid Gaol, and for making proper Tards and Conveniences thereto, it «as enacted, that the aft'ng Jultices of the Peace for the County ok Chejler for the lime being ftiould be and were thereby conftituted Com-miftioners for carrying the fame Aft into Fxecution : And whereas it was by the f id Aft enafted, that it ftiould be lawful for any Seven or more of the Conimiflioners authorized to carry the fame into Execution to appropriate, for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, a certain Portion of the Caftie Yard and other Land or Ground belonging to the faid Caftie of Chejler in the faid Aft particularly deferibed, and bounded as therein mentioned, and which Land or Ground when fo taktn and appropriated it was thereby enafted ftiould be veiled for ever in the Cujlos Rotulorum of the faid County, and his Succelfors as a Corporation Sole, in Truft for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, but it is by the faid Aft provided that the Authority given to the faid Commiftioners to appropriate the Portion of the Caftie Yard and other Land and Ground belonging to the Caftie of Chejler, and the abfolute veiling thereof in the Cujlos Rotulorum of the faid County, and his Suc-cefiors, for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, ftiould be void and of no EfFeft unlefs the faid Coauniflioners Ihould fo appropriate the fame within Two [Lee. &Per.~]	B	b	Years

98

47® GEORGII III. Seff.s. Cap.6.

Years from the Fir ft Day of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-ei ;ht, and Ihould complete the building of fuch new Gaol on or near the Site of the old Gaol within Ten Years, to be computed from the Firft Day of Au^tjl One thoufand Even hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas foon after the palling of the laid Ad the Commiffioners thereby appointed did begin to carry the fame into Execution, and did appropriate fuch Part of the faid Caftle Yard as in the faid Aft mentioned for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, and the fad Commiffioners have by virtue and in further Execution of the faid Aft taken down and removed the faid Gaol, the Shire Hall, Exchequer Court, Prothonotary’s Office, and P.e-cord Rooms, and o her Offices and Buildings adjoining thereto, and have upon the ire thereof, and on other adjacent Ground, erefted a new Gaol, Shire Half Proth notary’s Office, Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings, which are now appropriated fot the feveral Purpofes for which the faid Buildings fo taken down as atorefaid were heretofore made ufe of, but the Whole of tne Buildings intended to be erefted under the Powers and tor the Purpofes of the laid Aft are not yet completed, and it is found requifite for fecuring a free Circulation of Air to the faid Gaol, and providing proper Avenues and Outlets thereto, and tor other the Purposes of the faid Aft that feveral addi ional Buildings, and Boundary and other Walls (hould be erefted, and that the laid Caftle Yard fhould be enlarged and extended : And whereas the Commiffioners appointed by the laid Aft have in purfuance of the Powers to them thereby given purchaled feveral Buildings, and Parcels of Land or Ground near or adjoining to the faid Caftle of Chejlkt, or the Caftle Yard there, which have been conveyed unto or become veiled in the Cujlos Rotulorum of the laid County of Cbcjler purfuant to the Powers and Provifions of the faid Aft : And whereas fome Parts of the Land, Ground, or Buildings, which have been fo purchafed, or the Site thereof, have already been or are intended to be made ufe of for the Purpofes before mentioned, and it hath been propofed that in order to enlarge the Efplanade or Yard In the Front of the fa d Gaol, and thereby to ertfure at all Times a free Circulation of Air to the fai I Gaol, and other Building, the prefent Prevoft, , arracks, and Guard Room, which' are infecure and infufficient for the Purpofes of the- Garrifon of the Caftle of Chcjier, (hall be taken down and rebuilt on the North Side of the faid Caftle Yard, at the Diftance of Nine Yard-', or thereabouts, from the North Eaft Corner of the fai 1 Gaol: And whereas there are fome fmall Angles and Parcels of Land and Buildings which have been fo purchafed as atorelaid, which will not be ntcelTary to be made ufe of for any of the Purpofes before me tioned, and other Email Angles and Parcels of Land to be hereafter purchafed by the faid Commiffioners under the Powers of the faid Aft, may alfo remain unapplied for the like Purpofes, and which fmall Angles and Parcels of Ground might be fold or difpofed of to Advantage, but by the faid Aft there is no Pow^r given to the laid Commiffioners, or to the Cujlos Rotulorum of the faid County, to fell or difpofe of any fuch fmall Angles or Parcels of Land or Buildings which have been or may be purchafed, and not afterwards made ufe of for the Purpofes of the faid Aft : And whereas the faid Com-m ffioners have alfo in purfuance and under the Powers of the faid Aft taken up at lntcreft on Mortgage of the County Rates for the faid County of Chejter, feveral Sums of Money from different Perfons, fome of which Sums have been borrowed at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Cen.um Annual lntcreft, an ) others at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum Annual Interell, the Interell of which Sums hath been hitherto paid and UiicLargeJ out ef the Funds by live faid Aft made applicable to that Pur-

pofe,

99

4/GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.6.

pctfe, and other Sums of Money may'be hereafter necefiary to be borrowed r and taken up at Intereft for the like Put-poles: And whereas it was bv-the faid Act further enacted, that as foon as the Buildings thereby authorized to be erefted fhould be completed, and before any Money fhould be applied in Difch.irge of the Principal Money due on any fuch Mortgage*, the faid _ CommiiTioners, or anyThree or more of them, fhould, by publick Advertife-rnent, convene a General Meeting of the laid C mmifiioners, and that all the faid Mortgages fhould there and then be drawn by Lot by the Clerk of the faid Gotn'mifSoners and be numbered according to the Event of fuch l Drawing; and that the Mortgages fo drawn and numbered fhould be regularly difeharged in fuceeffion of Numbering, according to the Number fo to be marked on each Mortgage, and agreeably to the Order in which they fhould be drawn, and at fuch refpective Times as fhould be limited by an Order of the faid Commiflioners to be made at fuch Meeting ; fo that the whole Money due on lueh Mortgages fliould be difeharged within the Space of Fourteen Years from the Time of fuch Meeting: And whereas feveral of the Perfons who advanced Money on the faid Mortgages at the Ra'e of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annual Intereff have applied to the faid Commiflioners or to their Clerk and Treafurer, eithei to have the Principal Money due to them now difeharged, or to have the Inter-eft thereon advanced to the Ra'e of Five-Pounds per Centumpet\Annum, being the present current Rate of Intereft, but the faid Commiffioners are not authorized by the faid Aft either to raile the Intereft; on the faid Lift-mentioned Mortgages, or to pay oft and difeharge the Principal Money due thereon, until the Buildings by the faid Aft authorized to be erefted fhall have been wholly completed,’ although the faid Commiflioners might, if au thorized fo'to do. Annually difeharge feveral of fuch Mortgages out of the Surplus of the (aid County Rate, or out of other Funds fubjeft to their Difpofal, which would be to the At!vantage of the Inhabitants Of the faid !

County, and to the Convenience of fettral of the Perfons entitled to : the Principal Money due on fuch Mortgages and the Intereft thereof: •

And whereas’ it is expedient that further Powers fhoel I be given toy the faid Commiflioners, and to the Cujlos Rotulorum of the faid County, by t-hei Confent and Direftion, as to the feveral Matters before-mentioned . and fet for h, and the faid Aft requires to be amended in other refpefts:

May it therefore, pleafe Your Majtfty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the Kt ‘g’s moll Excdltnt Majefty, by and with the Advice anti Confent of the L rbs Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this The Aft eon. prefent Parliament atfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the firms the Ap-Appropriation which hath in purfuance of the faid Aft been made by the faid Commiflioners the eby appointed, of aPortion of the faid Cattle Yard, t)le and oth.r L aid or Ground belonging to the faid Caftie of Cbe/ier, for the Yard to the Pu’ pofes of the laid Aft, fhall be and is hereby confirmed, and that fuch Pur-pfes of Portion o! rhe laid Caftle-Yard, and other Land and Ground fo appropri- ^!e Ac"t ated as aforfcfaid, fhall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be firmed ° not. and runain veiled in the Cujlos Rotulorum of the laid County, and his withstanding Succeffors for the Time being, as a Corporation Sole, in Truft for the t,,e Building Purpofes of the faid Aft, notwithftanding the building of the faid new pthe fa'd Gaol and other Offices by the laid Aft authorized to be erefted, hath not teen com-0t been completed within the Time preicribed by the faid Aft for that Pur- pleted within pofe; any Claul'e, Provifo, Matter or Thing whatfotver, in the faid th- Time recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. f^ri^T f""e~

II.	And be it. further enacted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft as Part of

enables all Perfons to whom any Mortgages or Securities fhall be given formef A&

° t0 touching

IOO

Stamp Duties repealed.

That in order to enfure a free Circulation of Air to the Gaol, the Caftle Yard when enlarged as pro-pofed (hall remain open, and that no Building (hall be erected upon it.

Power of

felling detached Pieces of Land or Building not made ufe of for the I'ur-pofe: of this Ait.

Treafurer’s Receipts to be Difchar-

Commif* Conors may pay off Mort-gage at fuch

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 6.

to transfer and aflign the fame without any add tional Stamp Duty being charged thereon, fhall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purpofes ‘whatfoever.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That in order to enfure at all Times hereafter a free Circulation of Air to the faid Gaol, and the Yards and Buildings belonging thereto, fuch Part of the Caftle Yard as lies to the North-Weft of the Buildings which have been ere&ed under the Powers of the faid Act Ihall, when fo enlarged or extended as herein-before mentioned, and from Time to Time and at all Times, remain open and be made ufe of for the feveral Purpofes to which the faid Caftle Yard heretofore hath beat and now is ufed and appropriated ; and that no Building, except a Boundary Wall, and Gateway or Portal, fhall at any Time be erected thereon after the fame fhall have been fo enlarged cr extended, by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever; and that if any fuch Building fhall be ere&ed it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the fame to be taken down and removed.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the Cujlas Rotulorum of the faid County for the Time being, in whom any Lands or Buildings which may have been or which may hereafter be pur-chafed by the laid C mmiftioners, may remain veiled in Truft for the Purpofes of the faid A&, and which Lands or Buildings may not be found neceffary for any of thole Purpofes, but may in the Judgement of any Five or nv're of the faid Commifiioners, to be afiembled at any Meeting of the fame Commifiioners, be advmtageoufly difpofed of for the Purpofe of Building upon, or any other Ufe not interfering with the Provifions of the faid A&, with the Confent of any fuch Five Com-mifiioners, to fell and abfolutely difpofe of the fame to any Perfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Heirs, for the beft Price or Value in . Money that can in the Judgement of the faid Commifiioners, or any Five or more ef them, be had or gotten for the fame; and the Money arifing from the Sale of fuch Pieces or Parcels of Land, which may be abfolutely fold and difpofed of, fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Commiflion-ers for the Time being, and be by hint applied, difpofed of, and accounted for, under the Orders and Dire&ions of the faid Commifiioners, for the like Purpofe as any other Money which he may have received as fuch Treafurer as aforefaid fhall or may be applied or difpofed of, and accounted for, under and by virtue of the faid A&.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Treafurer to the faid Commifiioners for the Time being for the Purchafe or Confideratioii Money arifing from the Sale of all or any of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land which ihall be fo abfolutely fold and difpofed of for a Confideration in Money as aforefaid, or for any Sum or Sums of Money which may be paid to him under any of the Provifions of the faid recited A& or this A&, fhall be valid and effe&ual Discharges to all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall fo pay the fame feveral Sums or Rents reflectively, and fuch Perfon or Perfons, after the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums, Rent or Rents, fhall not be obliged to fee to the Application of the fame, nor be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mrf-application, or Nonapplication thereof.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the faid ■ Commifiioners to pay.off ana difeharge all or any of the Sum or Sums of

vra-c	id-ij	'	_	Money

lot

47°GEORGII III. Seif. 2, Cjp. 6.

iVJOney which they already have or may hereafter borrow and take up at Time? and in Intereft on Mortgage of the County Rates of the faid County of Chtjhr a“ctlJ)fyrni" aforefaid, in fuch Order, and at fuch Time or Times, as the faid Com- think proper, miflionersj or any Five or more of them, who {hall be afiembled at any without • Meeting to be held purhlant to the faid Aft, {hall think proper, notwith- kiting, {landing the, Buildings authorized to be erefted under the Powers of the laid Aft fliall not have been then completed, and without drawing Lots to determine the Courfe in which the faid Mortgages (hall be paid off and difeharged, or making a Numerical Lift of the fame as direfted by the faid Aft, but fo neverthelefs that all the Principal Money, and Intereft due upon all ar.d every fuch Mortgage and Mortgages as aforefaid, (hall be wholly paid off and difeharged at or before the End of Fourteen Years from the Time of the Completion of the Buildings and other Works authorized to be erected and made under the Powers of the faid Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That until fuch of the faid Mortgages And maj. as carry Intereft at the Rate of Four founds and Ten Shillings per Centum advance the per Annum (hall be difeharged. it {hall be lawful for the faid Commillioners to °f In-raile and advance the Intereft on fuch laft-tnentioned Mortgages, or any of te”jj them, to any Rate of Intereft not exceeding Five Pouhds per Centum per to f. 5 Annum, and for that Purpofe any Three or more of the faid Commifiion- per Centum ers, who may be authorized by the Order of Five or more of them affem-

bled at any Meeting to be held, under the faid Aft, {hall fign a Minute Or Memorandum, to be indorfed upon the faid laft-mentioned Mortgages, or any of them, declaring that the fame and the Principal Money thereby fecured, ihall irom thenceforth carry Intereft at imy Rale not exceeding ’

Five Pounds /^r Centum per Annum as aforefaid, and af ter the fignirig of ! fuch Minute or Memorandum the Mortgage or Mortgages* Whereon the* i fame {hall be indorfed, and the Principal Money thereof fecured, (hall • carry the Rate of Intereft in fuch Minute or Memorandum men- : tioned.	.	'	r>,b ■ >	■	’.............

jiuility.	jli Lm, , amril >r‘: -j t nntjop •(> burl »<J yitsflj k siom

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That until the Money now due or &foney<3ue which may hereafter be borrowed and taken up at Intereft on fuch Mot t- S Gao1 gages of the laid County Rates as aforefaid, with the Intereft thereof ^primary refpeftively, Ihall be wholly difeharged, the fame (hall remain primarily Charge on charged upon the faid County Rates, and alfo upon all and every other the County Funds or Sums of Money which now are or fliall or may hereafter be at y?te rnd , the Dilpofai of the Magiftratcs of the faid County of Cbefter, or any ofthe dif- * them, and applicable under their or any of their Order to the Repairs of pofa! of the the publict Bridges within the laid County of Chejler, or for the repairing Magiftmte*. and amending *oi the Highways of die faid County, or for any other pub-

lick Charges <sr Ul'ce cl the faid County,

c

IX.	And b&’i? further enafted, That if at any Meeting or Meetings of Meeting* of the i'aid CommiSioners appointed to be held under the faid Aft there flnll Commif-not be a fuffidieni Number of Comtriiflioners prefent to adjourn, or if they ‘‘oner9may {hall fail to make an Adjournment, the Laid Meeting or Meetings (hall or by their™ may be.adjourocd ,b.y the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, or revived by Clerk or any 'three or more of,the faid Commillioners, fo that another Meeting- 0* wviTed-Meetimjs m^Y! ftom Jjmeftb JSwe be adjourned or revived, and held either

at the Place where the laft Meeting or Meetings was or were intended to be held, or at any Place within the faid County, fo that a Notice in WKtilgv to- Sc figned by iisjr'Tfcrtr'dr daottof the'faid Comntiflioner?, or by their Cierk,. within. Ten Days at the kail, previous to anv fuch laft-| LAc. :jf Per."]	C c—D d	mentioned

102

470 GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 6.

mentioned Adjournment or revived Meeting, be affixed upon one of the Doors of the Shire Hall in the faid Caftle of Chejler, and be alfo given or left at the Dwelling-houfe or ufual Place of Abode of Five or more of the faid Commiffioners. who'fhali have laft attended the Meeting or Meetings of the faid Commiffioners

ftc£™- X- Alld be k funhcr e™aed> That if any Money iliall be agreed or fation whea awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, pur-exceeding	chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ad or

30A	this AG, for the Purpofes thereof, which fliail belong to any Corporation,

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex p-ipe the Commiffioners for executing the faid recited AG and this AG, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the DireGion and w ith the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way. by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affeGing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeGing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money {hall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like DireGion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled, to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trurts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall be fo pjirchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifling undetermined and capable of taking EffeG ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fit all be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Pur-chafe or Settlement were made.

Application when the Compenfa-tion docs not exceed 2ool. nor lets than 2 cl.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further cnr.Ged, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be pa'd for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purehafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lels than the Sum of Two hundred Pound', and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty 'Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents'ahd Profits of the Lands, Tenements, -or Hergdita-6	ments,

i©3

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cup. 6.

ments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to *be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or othervvife the lame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftces, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Commii-lioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That where fuch Application Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next belce mentioned (hall k-iere the be lei's than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fit all p.^aa* be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the 2Qi.

Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Pur-

pofes of this A<£t, as the faid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them lhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpec-tively.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons In cafe to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo ordered to be paid

as aforefaid lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to	’

the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners, or any Five of them, or {hail refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances ; or in cafe fuch or if Perfons Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo cannut be ordered to be paid as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or chafe Mon* Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not to be paid ” known or difeovered, then and in every	fuch Cale it lhall	be lawful	into	the

for the faid Commiffioners or any Five or	more of them, to	order the	D:lnkj

faid Sum or Sums fo awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General, of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferib- fubjeft f0 the ing them] fubject to the Order. Controul, and Dilpofuion of the laid Order of the Court; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons £°'Jrt of making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion by Motion or Petition, lhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fum- or Petition, inary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as	to the faid Court	lhall feem

meet, to order the fame to be laid out	and invelled in the Publick

Funds, or to order Diftrjbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Dilates, Title, or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court lhall ffiem juft and realonable; and the Caffiier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who yive l° lhall receive fuch Sum and Sums of Money is and are hereby required Receipt for to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fuchMoBcy-

fpecifying

104-

RefpeSling

difputed

Titles.

The Court may order reafonable Expences of Purcbafes to be paid by the Truftees.

Publick Aft.

47® GEORGII Ilf. Seff.2. Cap. 6.

Tpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Ferlon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sun; or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Oueftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into, the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Interefl, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or of the faid recited AS, or to any Bank'Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to theDi-vidends or Interefl of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have been in Poffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Interefl of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Pcf-ieffion, and that fome other Perfon cr Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Interefl therein.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this and the faid recited Act, the Purchafe Money for the fame fliall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance thereof refpedively, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court fhall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commifftoners, or any Five or more of them, who fhall from Time to Time pay luch Sums of Money for fuch Pur-poles as the faid Court fhall direct.

XVI.	And be it further enacled, That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by 311 Judges, Judites, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefly. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIxMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self z.

m***************************************************

Cap. 7.

An A£ for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parifhes of Saint 'John the Baptijl, Saint Peter the Apojlle, and Bircbing-tony and the Vill of Wood, in the IJJe of Thdnet, and County of Kent.	[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Town of Margate and of the Parilhes of Saint John the Baptijl, Saint Piter the Jpofile, Birthington, and the Vill ot Wood, in the Me of Thanet, in the County of Kent, within the Liberty of the Town and Port Of Dover in the fame County, have of late Years very much increafed in Number, and during certain Parts of the Year many Perfons refort to the fa id Town of Margate in the faid Parilh of Saint "John the Baptijl, and alfoto the Hamlet of Broadjlairs in the faid Parilh ot Saint Peter the dpojlle, from all Parts of the United Kingdom ; and a great and extenfive Trade is alio carried on within the Parifhes and Vill aforefaid: And whereas many Peifons within the Parilhes and Vill before mentioned, contract Small Debts and (although ableJ are unwilling and refute to pay the fame, ptefuming on the Inconvenience which Creditors lie under from the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with in luing for luch Debts in Courts of Law : And whereas if a more fpeedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts noc exceeding Five Pounds, within the Parilhes and Vill aforefaid, weie eftablilhed, it would tend to the Support of ufeful Credit within the fame Parilhes and Vill, and would in various other Refpe&s [Lee. & Per. J	E	e	be

I 10

Com niflic litre

iVUetingi.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.7.

be highly beneficial and advantageous to all PerCon* refident or carrying on Trade within the fame: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that ic may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majclly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this prefcnt Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, the Members of Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, the Mayor and Jurats of the faid i’own and Port of Dover, and fuch other of His Majcfty’s Juftices of the Peace as for the Time being fhall have Jurifdiftion within the faid Parifhes of Saint John the Bnptift, Saint Peter the /ipoftle, and Birchington, and the faid Vill of Wood, the Recorder an1 Town Cleikof the faid Town and Port of Dover, and the Deputies of the faid Parilhes and Vill refpeftively fjr theTime being, Lewis Agafii-, Daniel Amos, William Adams, John Baker. Robert Barfield, John Brooman, Tbomat Brooman, Edward Boys, Robert Boys, William Be fey, ‘Thomas Bclfey, Charles Boncey, Samuel Bracey, Thomas Blackburn, IVlliam Brewer, Samuel Bcttifon, Stephen Baffet, Henry Baffet, Henry Bxajfer, Francis Cobb, William Chapman Clerk, Frantis William Cobb, William Cobb, John Cowell, William Cajlell junior, Daniel Collin, Richard Collard, Thomas Cramp, John Covell, Henry Covcll, William Crofts, John Chancellor, Jejfe Carreway, Richard Crouch, Charles Dowfett, Charles Dixon, Jonas Dadd, George Ft tend, John Friend, John Font, William Fuller, John Finch, John Freebody, John Gray, Thomas Gore of Bridge Street, Thomas Gore of Cecil Square. William Goodfon, John Gy}es, William Harrijon Clerk, Robert Edward Hunter, William Hunttr, Jofeph Hollams, John Hedgcock, Wiiltam Hoyle, James Hatfield, Daniel Jarvis, Thomas John/on, William Jenkins, Benjamin Kidman, Thomas Knott, WftJiam Ketby junior, William Lanjell, Stephen Mumcry, Mathias Mummery, Stephen Mummery, William Munton, John Mpcktft, John Mitchell, James Neame, Tbe mas Norwood, Thomas Newby, William Newby, Latham OJbcrn, Edward Orpin, Nicholas Pcgderi, J'obn Paine, William Paine, Edward Pilcher, Samuel Pointon, George Penn, Gibon Rammell, Ifaac Rowe, Thomas Smith Rowe, Said Rehardfon, James Read, John Robafon, John Sackett, George Slater, George Staler junior, Samuel Silver, John Silver, Daniel Swinford, Robert Salter, Thbmas Simmons, Valentine Simmons, Amhrofe Sackett, Richard Staines, John Sidders, George Sidders, Edward Taddy, John Tomlins of Weft North. down, Robert Tomhn, John Tomlin of fthtex, Chriftopher Tennant, John Tring, William Williams Clerk, Sackett Wood, Samuel Whitehead, Robert Wither den, John Weils, Edward White, John Watfon, Richard Wiles, and John Wilkinfon, fhall be and are hereby appointed Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Margate and the Parifhes of Saint John the Baptijl, Saint Peter the Apoftlc, and Birchington, and the Vill of IVooJ, in the lile of Thaitet, in the County of Kent, within the Liberty of the Town and Port of Dover in the fame County ; and the faid Commif-fipners and their SuccefTors are hereby conflitutcd a Court of Juftice by the-Name of “ The Court of Requcfts for the Town of Margate and the “ Parilhqs of Saint John the Bapttft, Saint Peter the Apojlle, and Birchington, “ and the Vill of Wood, in the lfle of Thanet, in theCJounty of Kent, within “ the Liberty of the Town and Port of Dover in the lame County.”

II. And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the faid Court on the Firfl Tuefday in cvety Month, or oftener if there fhall be Occafion,

in

Ill

47® GEORG1I III. Seff.2. Cap.7.

in Tonne convenient Place within the Paid Town of Margate, to be appointed by the major Part of the faid Commifiioners for that Pur-pofc afi'embled; and the Firft Meeting of the faid Commifiioners fhall be holden at the Town Hall in Margate, on the Firft Tuefday in the Month next after the palling of this Ad, and the faid Com-mifiioners, or the major Part of them who fhall be prefenr, fuch Number prelent not being lefs than Three or Five (according to the Adion,

.Caufe, or Queftion to be decided, as herein-aftcr directed) at their Meetings to be holden in purluance of this Ad, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and to determine fuch Adions and Caufes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give fuch Judgments, and to make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Coft* againft the Body or Bodies, or againft the Goods of all and every thePer-fon or Perfons againft whom they fhall give any fuch Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them fhall feem juft in Law or Equity ; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes in any Adion, Caufe, or Queftion, before the faid Commillioners, then and in every fuch Cafe, the Commiflioner prefent who ftands firft in the Lift of Names of the faid Commifiioners (which Lift the faid Commifiioners fhall and they are hereby required to hang, or caufe to be hung up, in the Court or Place where the Commif-fioners meet) fhall have the decifive or catling Vote.

1IL And, for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court, be it Time of hear-further enaded, That the faid Commifiioners fhall not hold the faid i»gCauies. Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes, to be heard or determined by the faid Commifiioners by virtue of this Ad, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon ; and nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witneffes, in the faid Court, in purfuance of any Adion or Summons iflued cut of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ad-ing as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That on the Decifion of each Three Com-and every Adion, Caufe, or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum not surasnotVxf exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at leaft of the faid Commifiioners fhall ceedmg «oi. be prefent in Court; and on the Decifion of each and every Adion, *•*« Com-Caufe, or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty ™um?abovl°r Shillings, Five a: leaft of the faid Commillioners fhall be prefent in Court. 40s.

V.	And be it further enaded. That when any of the faid Commif- How new fioners fhall die, or refufe to adt, or fhall ceafe to be qualified in Manner Commi|i;on* herein direded to ad as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Ad, chofcn!?b* then, end in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the furviving and remaining Commifiioners adling in Execution of this Ad,

or the major Part of them who fhall be prefent at a Meeting to beholden lor that Pupofe, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after fuch De-ceafe or Retufal to ad fhall happen to be known, or fo foon after as conveniently may be, to eled and appoint one other Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of every fuch Commiflioner fo dying, or refufing to

ad.

J

a is

Coijfrtiftfiofi-' <rrs to t ike ar Oath.

Ottli.

Q.ua]lfic.ition of Cotiimif-fioneri.

47d QkEORGM III. !Sc(f. 2/ y:Caf>'^

ad,	or ctafng to be fo qualified; and Notice in Writing of ’the Time and PCce of Meeting tor every Rich Eledli n, and <.f the Purpofe thereof, fbail ’he given by ihe Clerk to each of the laid Commiflione'rs, o> left at their laft or ufual Places of Abode,' and fuch Notice (hall alfolpc affixed on the Door of the faid Court Houle Fourteen Days at leall before fuch Meetirg ftall be holden-, and every fuch Commiflioner fo ekdtrd, ffiall have the like Pov. ers and Authorities tor carrying this Ad into Execution, she! In all be habitd ;nd liable to'the fame Rules, Regulations, and Re-llridions, as fully and effedualiy, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as it he had becq particularly named herein as a Commiflioner.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon ffiaD be capable of ftermo as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Act (fave and except in Mminiftering the Oa'h herein contained to the other Commiflloners) Brttii'he (hall have taken an Oath to the Effect following ; that is to fay,

I	/L B. do [wear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do fo-‘ .icmtily affirm, according to the Form in that Cafe made and providedJ

*	J hat I wilt [aithUifiy, hontftly, and impartially, according to the ‘ b ft of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine fuch Matters and ‘ i hings as ffi 11 be brought before me, by virtue of an Act made in the i. Fo.t. -ft venth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [’Jet « jcr:h the Tuk of this Acf\ without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or « Mahee,to any Ffcrfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and alfo that I am a Houfe-‘.Jxider within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, and that lam poflefled «.of a. Real Eltate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a

*	Ptrfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds, above all

*	Charges or Incumbrances whatfoever.	So	help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirhiarion rhe faid Commiflioners, or any One or more o* them,-is and sre hereb’ ’ Empowered and required to adminifttr in open Court; rndearh arid every luch Commiflioner lhal! and he is hereby required (after taking the faidCrath or Affirmation) to fign and fubicribe his N.i me upon a Foil or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or oiffirmarion written or primed thtreon; and fuch Roll or Rolls fliall be carefully kept amongft the Records of the laid Court.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no'xPerfon fliall be qualified toadt as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Adt, unlcfs he fhali at the Time of adting be a Houfcholdcr within the Jurifdidtion of the fud Courr, and feifed or a Real Eft are of the Annual Value of Forty Pounds, or poflefled of a Peifonal Eltate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatkever ; and if any Perfon not being qualified as aforefaid, fhali prefume to aft as a Commiflioner in tbfc Execution of thife Adt, every luch Perfon fliall for every fuch Offence (over and above any Punifhment that he may be fubjedt and liable to for wilful and coirupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Cofts of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who fhali fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcJhntinJier, by Adton of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Eflbign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance Ihall be allowed; and in every fuch Adion, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification (hall be on

12	.- the

47° GEOR.GII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 7.

the Defendant, and it (hail be fufficient for the Plaintiff or P'ofecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or profecuted had ad'tcd as a Commif-fioner in the Execution of this Adt:	Provided ncverthelefs, that all

Judgements, Orders, Decrees, A£ts, and Proceedings of all and every Perfon and Perfons adting as a Commiflioner or Commiffioners in the Execution of this Adt, though not duly qualified as aLrefaid, previous to his or their being convidted of fuch Offence, (hall, notwithftanding fuch Convidtion* be as valid and effedual as if fuch Perfon or PerfonS had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That itlhall and maybe lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them allemblcd as aforelaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Fourteen Days from and after the palling of this Aft, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands fit and proper Perfons for Clerk, Serjeanr, and other neceffary Officers of and in the fuid Court of Requefts during his and their good Behaviour; and that when and as often as it (hall happen that the Office or Offices of Clerk, Serjeant, or Crier, or of any other Officer or Officers, fhall become vacant, either through Mifbehaviour, Death, or Refignation, Sufpenfion, Difmiffion, Removal, or Incapacity* then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them affembled as aforefaid, fnall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Twenty eight Days after furh Vacancy (ball happen, to nominate and appoint, Under their Hands* another fit and proper Perfon to be Clerk, or Serjeant or Crier, or other Officer or Officers of and in the faid Court of Requtfts during his and their good behaviour.

IX.	Provided always. That no Perfon or Perfons *ho fhall keep any Victualling Houfe, Alehoufc, or any Public Houfe of Entertainment, or who fhall fell any Wine* Cyder, Beer,Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, fhall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other Place of Profit belonging to the faid Court •, and that no Perfon nominated a Commiflioner, fhall be capable of adtingas a Commiflioner during the Time he fhall remain Clerk of the faid Couru

X.	And be it further enacted. That ii fhall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts for the Time being, with the Approbation of the faid Commiffioners or of any Five or more of them aflemblcd as aforefaid, to nominate One or more fufficient Deputy or Deputies to adt for him in the Office of Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts, which Deputy, in the Abfence of the faid Clerk, fhall have the fame Authority a-. it rhr Cleik was himfclf prrfonally prelcnr, and fhall from Time to Time be dil'placeable and removable, and (hall accordingly be difplaced and be removed at the Will and Pieafure of the Clerk of "the hid Court of Requefts for the Time bring •, and fuch Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to ifllie all Summonles, Warrants, and Precepts, and to regifter all Orders, Decrees and Judgments of the (aid Court, and do all luch Adt>, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the laid Clerk by virtue of this Act; and (hall enter and regifter, or caufc to be entered and regiltered, in proper B >oks to be provided by fuch Clerk, and kept for that Purpofc, all the Adtr and Proceedings of the faid Court, of what Nature or Kind fotver.

[Lee. Ss* Per.-]	Ff	XI.	And

**3

Acts of (he Coinmillion-ers good before Con-viiiion.

Appointment ot Officers.

No Victualler, lie. to be Clerk, nor any Com-miflioner capable ol aAing as luch, during luch Time as he (hall be Clerk.

Power for the Cleiklo appoint a Dt-puty.

n4

If fuffic:ent Com mi {Hon. ers *ic> not attend, Court may he adjourned.

O (Hces of Crier and 5ei ieants.

Officers ttay. he diipiaced.

What Debts to he decided by the Com-nuflionets.

47° QEOR GII 111. Sell. 2. Cap. 7.

..XI- And b^ it further enafted, That in calc of the Negleft or Re-fui'al of the faid Commiffioners, a fufficient Number of the faid Com-miffioners (hall not be prefent to aft in the Execution of this Aft as is herein direfted, on any of the Days appointed for holding the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Commiffioners who lhall be prefent, and jf noCom-miffioner (hall be prefenr, it lhall and may be lawful to and fur the faid Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the faid Coutt to the then next Tuefday, or fame earlier Day.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That the Clerk and Ciier of the faid Court fhall do and perform in their relpeftive Offices, as they lhall be direfted or appointed by the laid Commiffioners i and the fevrral Serjeants of the faid Court fha)l ferve all Summonfes, and execute fuch Qrders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them rtfpcftively by virtue of this Aft.

XIIL And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Clerk, Serjeant, Crier, or other Officer, (hall be guilty of any Milbthavicur, either by Negleft or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are by this Act allowed to be taken, or otherwife, in the Difcharge of their rrfpeftive Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Courr, the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court then fining lhall and they are hereby direfted and required to enquire into the Nature of the faid Complaint, and if it lhall appear to be well founded, then luch Commiffioners, or the major Part of them fo fitting in Court as afotefaid, are hereby direfted and required to caufe the whole Number of Commit-fioners of the laid Court, refiding within the Jurildiftion of the faid Court, to be fummoned to meet at a convenient l ime and Place, which Meeting fhall be holden not fooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Days after fuch Summons ; and the faid Commiffioners at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them prefent, ffiall and may examine andconfider the Merits of fuch Complaint, and if it lhall appear to fuch Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, that the faid Cleik, Serjeant, Ctitr, or other Officer, hath cr have been guilty of fuch Milbehaviour or Negleft or Breach of Duty as afotefaid in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every fuch Cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to ami for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Courr, or the major Part of them, to fufpend, difmifs, or remove fuch Clerk, Ser. jeant. Crier, and other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all Difputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Aftions or Caulcs of Debt, Articles, Minutes, and in all Caufes of Affumpfit and Infimul Compu-taflfet, and in all Caufes or Aftions of Trover and Convcrfion, and all Caufes or Returns founded on a Quantum meruit, and in all Caufes or Aftiuns of Trclpals or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.	o

XV.	Provided

47° GE ORGII III, Seff.2. Cap. 7.	ti$

XV.	Provided alwnv-s, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft don- Com minion-rained (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend, Co as to enable the faid '"mmeany* Commillioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, raufc wben or Hereditaments, or Real Ellates whatfoever ; or to judge, determine, [he

or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lcafe for brought in Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattel <ludllon-Real whatfoever, (hall be brought or come into queflion; nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt which (hall arife by reafon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fuuaie elfcwhtre than in the faid Town of Margate, and Parilhes and Vill aforefaid, or fome of them, or by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftament or Matrimony; or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaftical Court, or fur or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition for or by way of Retainer of Tvthes; any Thing in this Aft contained to the Contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That nothing herein contained (hall Aflions n«r

extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable any Plaintiff to fplit or [j|ebpufpbo,'/°f divide any Caufe or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the biingmLbcm whole Sum which (hall appear to be due and owing (hall exceed the Sum of	,he

Five Pounds in order thac the fame may be made the Ground of Two or

more Caufes or Aftions, for the Purpole of bringing fuch Caufe* or Aftions within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court; and in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commiflioners, that any Plaintiff (hall have lb fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Aftion as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe, the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required to difmifs, with Colls, every fuch Caufe or Aftion fo fplit or divided ; but fuch Diftniflal (hall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at W<jlmnjttr, or in iuch other Manner as he or fhc may lawfully proceed.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted,That in cafe any Plaintiff who Action fa (hall have fo fplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Aftion, (hall be fpbt, if the willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by be^at'isfieJto this Aft enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the receive the Whole of his or her Demand in fuch Caufe or Aftion fo fplit or divided, Demands then and in every fuch Cale the faid Cor.imilfioners (hall and may ad- infuchAction. judge, decree, and pronounce, on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe

or Cale to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners, Iuch Sum to the Plaintiff not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the (aid Commiflioners lhall leem juft and reafonablc; and Iuch Sum (hall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiflioners, be declared to be and (hall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Delendant to the Plaintiff in Iuch Caufe or Cafe fo Iplit or divided.

XVIII.	And, to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and For fummon-given in fuinmoning the Iv.d Commiflioners appointed or to be appointed in inE Commif-purfuance (f this x^ft, to attend the faid Court, be it further enacted, attend.,0 That the Seijeant or Serjeants of the laid Court for the Time being, to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Aft, fhall be, and hs and they

U6	4.7*	GEJORGII	III.	$cif.2. Cap. 7.

is jnd are hereby required to fummon in the laft Week of every Month, by Notice in Writing to be left at the refpeSive laft or ufual Place* of Abode of the Commiflioners to be lo fummoned, Ten of the Commiflioners to attend the faid Court as Commiflioners for the Month next enfuing, and the firft Ten Commiflioners to be fummoned, ftiall be the Ten Comrnif-fioners whofe Names lhall (land firft upon the Lift hereby direftrd to be hong up in the Court or Meeting Place of the laid Commiflioners; and the next Ten Commiflioners to be fo fummoned lhall be the Five Commiflioners whofe Names fhall Hand next in fuch Lift, and the Fivi laft Commiflioners who were fummoned to attend the laft preceding Court; and fo in like Manner Ten Commiflioners lhall be fummoned fur each enfuing Month in Order and Rotation, until fuch Lift (hall be gone througn, ana tnen fuch Lift (hall be gone through again.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enadled. That nothing htrein contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, foas to exclude anv ef the fa d Commiflioners for the Time being from fining in the laid Court, although fuch Commiflioners (hall not have been fummoned, or ft-nd in Rotation to be fummoned, but that each and every fuch Commifiioner, if he (hall think fit fo to do, (hall and mav fit and hear, and aflift in determining, giving Judgment, and making Orders and Decrees in the Lid Court, and lhall have the like Powers and Authorities as any Commiflioner fo fummoned as aforefaid ; any Thing hercin-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Debtors to t« XX. And be it further ena&cd, That from and after the firft Meet-lunimoned mg of the faid Commiflioners, it (hall and may be lawful to and Comni'ffion for any Perfon or Pcrfons (whether fuch Perfon or Pcrfons (hall era, who may refide within the Jurifdittion of the faid Court or not) having any OrtEmbe'- Debt or Debts not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or tween the owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their SSki***^ own	or *n tf,e RiSht °f anV other Petfon or Perfons, or as

Executor or Adminiftrator, Guardian, Aflignee, orTruftee to any Per-fon or Pcrfons. or due or owing to him as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commiflioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly afiociated and conflituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfoever, which the faid Commiflioners by this Ad are enabled tojudge and determine, and not exprelsly p ohibited by this Ad, by or from any other Perfon or Pcrfons whatfoever inhabiting, refiding, or being within the faid Town of Margate and Parilhrs and Vill aforclaid, or keeping or ufing any Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or orher Place of dealing or working, or ufing or frequenting the Markets there, or feeking a Livelihood, or in any Way trading or dealing within tne fame, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who Ibali immediately make out and deliver to One of the Serjeants of the fa'd Ccurl for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the faid Clerk, directed to fuch Debtor or Debtors, exprefling the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufc of A&ion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, before the Commif-fioners of the faid Court, to anlwcr fuch Demands} and fuch Serjeants

(hail

But ntftto «xcu'e any other Com* milTioners from acting.

lo

47* G E O'RG 11 -III. * Stff. 2."	121

Ihall forthwith ferve, or caufe fuch Summons to be ferved, on fqcll Debtor or Debtors, cither peiffuftajly or by leaving ’the fame with his, her, or'their Servant or other Perfon belonging t6 ijim,' he?, or' them, or at the Dwelling Houle, Warchoufe, Wh^rr, Qtfay, Lodging*

Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing*, trading, or working of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the JuriP diftion of the laid Court; and upon due Proof made of Juch Summons having beet, duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the laid vCommiffioners prefent in Court, fuch Number prefent not being Ids than by this Act. dsrefted, are hereby required and empowered to make due Enquiry com ctfning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and pafs fuch final Sentence and Judgment thereupon* and' award fuch Cofts of Suit, as to them (hail feem moll agreeable to Equity and good Confciencc.

XXI.	And, for the better Difcovery of the Truth, and more folernh De- Commiflion-termination of the Matters and Caufes which (hall be depending in the er: n'*r «d* hid Court, be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to ahd	“1“s”

for the faid Commillioncrs prefent in the faid Court to adminifter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the faid Court,' or to any Patty or Parties whom they the faid Gommiffioners Ihall think, proper to examine touching the Matters then in queftion, and alio to fuch Witnefs or Witneffes as fliall be produced by each Party, and alfo to any other Perfon or Perfons whole Evidence Ihall feem nect liary towards tile hearing or determining any of the laid Caufes or Aftions or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpofe requiffte for the better Execution of this Aft,

XXIL And be it further enafted,That noEvidence (hall be permitted to be :No Evidence given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Aftion as aforefaid’, t:> be or of any Caufe or Aftion except fuch as is Hated in the faid Summons ''ftiny M*ter.' hereby direfted to be given, nor (hall any Evidence be admitted on Bir- rot hatkj half of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch Caufe or Aftion,:ne,h^mfen-of any Demand he, fhe, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in :<i mt ofany the Nature of a Set-off, to lefien or difeharge himfelf* herlc])f*’or thenffelves from fuch Demand orCaule of Action, tinlefs Notice thertof in Writing on tLViain. fliall have been given to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by jjerfonai Service, Notice be* or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, g.ven'hereof Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Plate hiai* of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when fuch Matter or Caufe lhail be heard or tried.	i	!

XXIII.	And be it further enacted,That if any Debtor or Debtbrs who Ihall if Debtor does have been duly fummontd as aiorefaid, fliall not appear either in Perfon, not appear, or by his. her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their fio™™may Behalf, before the fail. Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the faid rroc:eu.

Sum mom, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fliall and may be lawful fo and for the faid Cornmiffior.ers afierubied in the faid Court, after Proof made upon Oaih of the Service; of the faid Summons in Manner aforefaid, to hear the Caufe ou the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make fuch Ocdcr, Decree, or Judgment thereir* and to award luc’ii reafonable [Loc. Cf Per.]	Gg	Cofts

118

And if the Plaintiff does not appear to prove his Demand, Defendant Dial! have Colts.

Commiflion* ers may award Execution i againll the Body or Goods.

47* GE OR.G 11 III. Sefi.2. Cap.7.

Colls of Suit, a-, to them (hall feem moll agreeable to Equity ar.d good Conf, ience.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons iffued on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Courr, or of the Caule, or on Account of which Suit, Summons (ball have been iifued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall not appear either inPerfon, or by his, her, or tlteir Agent, or fume other PeTon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing (ball not make Proof of his, her, or t'eir Demands to the Satisfaction of the laid Court, but (ball become nonfoited, or Judgment lhall be pronounced againll him, her, or them, by the (aid Court, then and in every luch Cafe, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiflioners prelcnt in Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Cods, and fuch reafonable Satisfaftion for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the laid C >mmiffioners in their Dilcretion thall think fir, and to order end compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by fuch Ways and Mean; as are herein provided for theRecovcry of Dtbts ordered or decreed by the faid Court.

XXV.	And be it further enabled. That in any Caufe, Aflion, or Cafe, where the faid Commifftoners (ball have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miflioners prefent in Court, to award Exerution either againfl the Body or Goods'of the Party againfl whom fuch Older or Decree fh-11 be made, and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the fa d Court, at the Prayer of the Parry profecuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to iffue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by Way of Capias ad Satisf iciendnm, or Fieri facias, to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court, who by virtue of fuch Piecept iffued upon Execution awarded againfl the Body of fuch Party, fhall and mav, and he is hereby empowered to take fuch Party, being within the Jurildidion of the laid Court, and carry him, htr, or them, to the Common Gaol or Prilon of the Town and Port of Dover aforefaid, there to remain urtil he, (be, or they Hull perform and obey fuch Order, Decree or Judgement for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed ; and in cafe rny fuch Piecept (ball be iffued upon Execution againfl the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, fuch Serjeant lhall and may, and he is hereby empowered to levy, by Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, being within the Jurif. iftion of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cods as (ball be fo ordered, decreed, or adjudged j and if the Paitv againll whofe Body or Bodies any fuch Execution lhall be awarded ana Procefs thereupon fnall iffue, fhall, by abfeonding, or by fecrcting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means, prevent ortvade the Service or Effedt of any fuch Execution, it fhall and may b J lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court, upon due Proof made thereof before them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, at their Difcrction, to award further Execution either againll the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, and Procefs fhall iffue thereupon, and be ferved by one of the Serjeants cf the faid Court in Manner aforefaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

74° GEORGII III.	Seff. 2. Cap. 7.	119

tiffs Shall be fully paid and fa til tied; and it Ihnll and may be lawful to Commiffion-^ and for the faidCommiffiontrs from Time to Time, in cafe rhey fhall think fit, for the Eafe and Convenience of the Defendant cr Defendants (ar.d	|n*

they are hereby authorized and empowered) to erder, decree, or adjudge “ any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by feveral Payments or Inftalments, and under iuch Terms and Conditions as may appear rea-fonable and juft to them the laid Commiffioners, for the Eafe of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs} and it fhall and tray be lawful to and for the lai 1 Commiffioners prefent in Court, in cafe any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Inflal-ments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, and directed, fliall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant cr Defendants, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons, who may have given Security to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Direction of the faid Commiffioners, for the keeping of fitch Payments cr Ir.ft lmcnts in Manner aforefaid, for the whole Debt, or fuch Part thereof as ihall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Colts as to them (hall feem juft and real'onable ; and fuch Debt, or fuch Part thereof, and fuch futther Colts, fliall be recoveted by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Celts firft decreed.

XXVI.	And as it may happen that Perfons ferved with P ocefs iffuing R-cord of cut of the Lid Court of Requrfts, may, in order to avoid Exe< uticn, re- |,ich Jm,£-move their Perfons and Effcds beyond the Limits of the Jurifdiction i f "'moved mto the Lid Court; be it therefore enaded, That in all Cafes where a final the Superior Decree ot Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings, (hall wji!i’ofd have been obtained in the laid Court, it fhall and may be lawful to and E'*cu*ion for any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeftminfter, upon Affidavit g'eriffoi'any made and filed of Iuch Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diii- Cauuty. gent Search and Enquiry haring been made after the Perfon or Perlons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having iffued againft the Pei fun or Perfons or Effects, as the Cafe may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurifdidion of the faid Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commiffioner authorized to take Affidavit', to caufe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgment to be removed into fuch Superior Court, and to iffue Writs of Execution thereupon, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, againft the Perfon or Perfons, or Goods and Chattels of the Defendant or Defendants, in the fame Manner as upon Judgment obtained in any of the faid Courts at WeJtminJUr; and the Sheriff upon every fuch Execution fhall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the Effeds, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Cofts of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the faid Court, fubfequent to the faid Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which fuch Execution fliall be iffued.

XXVIf, And

I 20

Clerk to in- 1: dor f DeKts

and Colts on tlie Precept, and if paid to ; Clerk of Comt before Sale, ' Execution to j, be fupeifeJed.

freed* not to iflue againft the Hei lon and Goods and Chattels of the fame Perloni.

.CommilTion-ers to fufpend Proceeding* in Calet where Debtor I are ill or unable t» pay the Debt.

Gaoler, arc. t > receivePerlon*

committed. :

At**} ,s lloS -lit } I 0 Jl 0 3f D °r' *■

47p GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap.7.

XXVII.	And ‘be'it fuTtfier errafifd, That ajtaft each .4nd-every Precept fo be iffued iiporii Fxecutiori awarded againft the Body, or Goods and Chattels' of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, the Clerk of the Md Court Ihall indbife o/ caufe to be indorled the Sum or Sums' ui Money, and the Cods' lo'ordered, decreed, and adjudged j and it the Party or Parties agaitift^hbm fuch Execution fhall be awarded refpedlively, Ihall, before any adliitd Sale of the G&ods and Chattels, or before he, (he, or they is or are ap’preliehded, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Irfipfifonment, as herein mentioned, pay or'cable to be paid, of tendered, unto the Clerk of the Paid Court, ftich Sum or Sums of Motley and Crofts, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk', tfs a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Sitisfadfion in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Colts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Execution fhall be fuperfeded, and the Body, or Goods and Chattels of the laid Party or Parties, fhall be difehurged and let at Liberty.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall not be lawful to or for the faid Cornmiflidners, to iffueany Procefs againll the Body or Bodies of any Perfon or Perfons, in any Cafe or Cafes where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, fhall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame Perfon or Perfons.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe it (hall at any Time during the Hearing of any Caufe in the faid Court, appear by the Oath of any Perfon or Perfons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commif-fioners prrfent at the Court at which fuch Caufe'fhall be heard, that fuch Debror or Debtors is <r are unable, from Sickntfs or unavoidable Accident, ro pay and difeharge the Debt or Debts for which he, fire, or they (hall have been fo furiimoned, then it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the major Part of the faid Commiffioner? affembled at apy lucli Court or Courts as aforefaid, to fufpend or fuperfede the Proceedings in fuch Caufe, until ic fhall, upon like Proof as aforefaid, appear to the Court that fuch Debtor or Debtors (hall be able to pay iucfr Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforefaid ; any Idling herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the Keeper for the Time being of the Common Gaol or Prifon of the faid Town and Port of Diver, (hal and may and he is hereby required to receive and take into hrs Cuftody, all and every Perfon ana Perfons who (hall be committed or ordered to llarid committed by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or Fjve (as the Cafe Ihall require) or more of them prefent in Court; and in cafetheKeeper of the faid Gaol or Prifon (hall negleft or refufe to receive and take into his Cuftody any Perfon or Perfons committed by virtue of 'chhLAdi, .or fhall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perlons Ihall be committed to his Cuftody, dilcharge fuch Perfon or Perfons out of his Cuftody, or wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon or Peifons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpofe in Writing, figntd in Court by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or Five (as the Cafe fhall require) or mure of them, fuch Keeper fo offending ih cither of

47*GEORGII fit. Self. i. Cap.%	1*1

the faid Cafes, and being thereof cottvldled btfore the Mayor Of Eny other of His Majrfty*s Juftices of the Peace of the faid Towfi and Port of Dover% upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefa or Witneflcs (which Oath fuch Mayor, Juftice Of Juftices is and are hereby authorised and required to adminifter) or Upon his, her, or their oWn Conftflion, (ball for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the DHcrefiort of the faid Mayor, Juftice or Juftices; and in cafe luch Suita (hall not be immediately paid by the Perfon fo offending, into the Hands of the faid Mayor, Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender (hall be con-vifted, then and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Sum (hall be levied by Diftreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Mayor, Juftice or Juftices* rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducing the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and fuch Forfeiture, when lo paid, levied, or recovered, (hall be diftributed amongft the Poor of tne Parilh wherein fuch Offender fhall for the Time being refide, in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Adi diredled to be diftributed ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Mayor, Juftice or Juftices to commit fuch Offender or. Offenders to the Common Gaol of Pdfon of the faid Town and Port of Dover, for any Time not exceeeding Six Calendar Months^ unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture,, and all Cofts and Charge! attending fuch Convidlion, be fooncr paid and difeharged.

XXXI.	And be it further* enadled. That no Privilege fhall be allowed to No Privilege exempt any Perfon liable to be fummoned by virtue of this Adt from the 10 b* Jurifdidlion of the faid Court of Requefts, on account of his being a ( worn ,0 Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majefty's Courts of

Record at JVeJiminfier, of of any other Court whatfoever; but that all fuch Attornles, Solicitors, and other Officers, fhall be fubjedt to the feveral Proceffes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the laid Court of Requefts, in the fame Manner as any other Perfon orPcrfons is and are fubjedt to the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled,That no fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Seri- Mo Attorney, vener, or any Peifon pradlifing the Law, lhall be permitted to appear in Solicitor; or the faid Court of Requefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, for or fhe'uw.^o On Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perfon, Or to be **« Advocate, admitted to (peak before the laid Court in any Caufe, Adtioh; or Matted

in which (ucli Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himfell a Party of Witnels; and in cafe any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, fliall appear in the laid Court of Requefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate before the laid Court in any Caufe, Adtion, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Sctivener is not himiclt a Party or Witndft, then and in every luch Cafe fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sunt not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convidhd thereof, before the Mayor or any other of His Mijefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the laid Town and Po^t of Dover, or befqrr any other Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, who for the Time being (hall have Jurildidtion within the faid Town of Margate and Parifhes and V'ill afsrefaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Withes (which Oath fuch Mryor, Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby Euthouied and required to adminifter) or on his own Confeflion : and in [L<e. V Per.-]	Hh	cafe

47° GEORG 11 III. Scff.2. '<Gap. 7, >.

cafe fuch Sum of Money (hall not be paid forthwith by the Perfon of Perfonsfo offending, into the Hands of the faid Mayor, Juftice or Juflices, before whom fuch Offender fhall be convicted, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum of Money fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and ScaJpr Hands and Seals of fuch Mayor, Jufticc or Juflices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducing fuch Fine or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Difheis and Sale, and fuch Fine or Forfeiture, when fo paid, or levied and recovered, fhall be diftributed amongft the Poor of the Parifh or Vill wherein fuch Offender fhall refide, in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be diftributed*

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral Fees herein>after limited and exprefled, and no other, fhall be taken by the faid Clerk, Serjeant, and Crier, for their feveral and relpeetive Services in the Exe? cution of this Act, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds; that is to fay.

	Tuioi.	To 40 s.	T0/.5.
	inclufive.	inclufive.	indulive.
To the CLERK.	r. if.	s. d.	J. d.
Entering every Cauf:	— 3	— 9	1 6
Killing every Summons	— 3	— 6	— 9
Entering and drawing up Judgement,)			
Decree, or Order - - J		— 9	
Paying Money into Court and entering J			
fame in his Book - - - J	— 3		— 9 1
Paying Money by Inflalments	— 6	1 —	1 6
Killing Subpoena - -	— 3	— 6	1 —
Killing every Attachment,Precepr,Order 1			
or Execution - - - J		— 9	X 0
Acknowledging Satisfadlion	— 3	— 6	— 9
For every Nonluit ...	— 0	I T—	2 —
For every Search in the Book	— 2	— 3	— ' 6
For fwearing any Witncfs, Plaintiff, or T			
Defendant j	— 2	— 4	— 6
To the SERJEANT.			
For calling every Caufe ...	— 1	— 4 -	— 3
For calling every Plaintiff'or Defendant -	—• i •	— 2	— 3
For every Hearing ....	— 2	— 3	— 4
For every Nonfuit ....	— 3	— 4	— 6
Serving every Summons, Order or Sub-J			
poena, within One Mile of the Court J	—1 4		I —
If beyond One Mile, for every Mile extra	— 2	— 3	— 3
Execution of every Warrant, Precept, or J	_ £		
Attachment againfl thcGoods or Body j			2 —
If beyond One Mile from the Court, J			
for every extra Mile /	— t	— 3	r- 3
If an AfTiflant be neceffary for the Ser- \		• ..	
jeant, for the AfTiflant - - J	— 4	—■ s	1 — .
If beyond One Mile from the Court, for J			
every extra Mile * - J"	— 2	— 3	— 3

And

47° GEORG 11 Illi Sell; 2* 'Cap.j.	123

And the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required to hang Table of F"‘ up and affix, or caufc to be hung up and affixed, a Table of all fuch In the Couit.1* Fees, in fame confpicuous Place of the faid Court or Place of Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, in order that all Perfons concerned: may be enabled to perufe the lame,	- c •	.	•*--

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled,That in every Cafe where any Wage*, Debt* .lue to or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatloever, not exceeding the

Sum of Five Pounds (hall be due and owing to any menial Servant, rc^ov'eredi* Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shop-woman, Adiftanr,

Labourer, or any other Perfon whomfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiftant. Labourer, or other Peiforg to fue for and recover fuch Dtbt in the faid Court, in the fame Manner as if he or Ihe were of full Age i and the faid Com-roiflioners prefent in the faid Court, are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caufes concerning fuch Debts, in the fame Manner, and (hall have fuc.h and the fame Powers in regard * thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants were all of lull Age.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That noPcrfon or Perfons whomfoever, jmprironmtnt who (hall be committed to the faid Gaol or Prifon by Order.of the faid

Court, for ^ny Debt or Debts, (hall be kept or continued in Cuftody, ""tct' on any Pretence whatfoever (except in Cafes herein-afeer provided for) for any lonajer Space of Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are hercin-after limited in thac Behalf) (th^t is to fay), where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, (he, or they (hall not be kept or cpntinued in Cuftody for more then Twenty Days-, and where the D^bt (exclufive of Cods) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days } and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment •, and the laid Keeper and Keepers of the faid Gaol or Prifon is and are hereby dirc&ed and required to difeharge fuch Perlons accordingly.

XXXVI.	And,in order the more effe&ually to prevent Perfons fummoned if »ny Debtor for Debts to the faid Court from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money'or Money or Goods; be it further enabled, That in cafe upon the Summons Goods, the of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts betore the faid Court, Infortria* Jim*. ll!s tion of any fuch Pra&ice lhall be given, fuch Court (hall have Power to fllXbe"™*"1 hear Evidence as to fuch fraudulent Concealment; and in cafe it (hall larged*

be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or mors "Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered tp ad-miniftei) that any luch Debtor has Monty or, Goods which he or lhe has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the afore*

’-1,1	faid

124

But the Time ot Imprifon-ment (hall extend iep»-rateiy end fuccellivcly id: each Execution.

Debtors not liable to pay

Gaol t ecs.

4/GEORG 11 III. Sett. 2. Cap. 7.

{aid Time of Imprifonment to any Period, in Addition thereto, not ex» ceeding Three Calendar Months.	!

'	•• ■ *r "5 id	'' iOt;1 ji.Ttii.up oj t/.ilU t HjL.’t

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, Th it all and every Perfan Slid Pet-Ions who (hall be taken in Execution under or by virtue pjf arty Proceft iffuing from or out of the faid Court of Requefts, and who af.fhe. Jime •f his, her, or their being taken imp Cuflody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, (hall have more than One Execution againft him, her, or them, in the faid Court, fhall be impiiloned the l ime by thjS Aft limited, for and in refpeft of firch Execution j and after the Time fo limited in the firft Execution is expired, the Impiil’onment on the fecond Execution fhall commence ; and after the Time lb limited on the fecond Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the third Execution fhall commence; and fo on until he, (he, or they fhall have been im-prifoned the Time by this Aft limited, for and ifl refpeft of tach fepirate Execution to be iffued againft him, her, or them, in the fad Court, previous to hi*, her, or their being taken into Cuftr dy, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment; any Law, Statute, or Uiage to the eofi* Irary notwithflanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That each and every Pcrfon im-» prifonrd by virtue of this Aft (hall, on the Expiration of his or her Tim* of Imprifonment, be difcharged andfet at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Mcney, Fee or Fees, or other Reward, or Gratuity wha lorvtr, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaol or Puloo, or others, by way ot Gaol Fees or Difiharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whaifoever-, and if any Keeper or Keepcis, Turnkey or Twnkeys-ct the faid Gaol or Prifon, or any other Perlon whomlccver,fhall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whuiqenr, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons recommitted ro-his or their Charge or Cuflody aforefaid, or (hall keep or derain any luch Perfoft or Pcrfons a Prifoner or Prifoners after the Time by this Aft limited for hit, her, or their Imprifonment, every fueh Keeper,. Turnkey, and . oihrr Peribn, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum ot Twenty Pounds; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any-Two Juftie» of the Peace for the faid Town and Port of Dover to hear and determine •very fuch Offence ; and fuch Two Juftires are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed, in calc luch Information fhall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence commuted, to fummon the Party accufed, and alfo the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Faft, aud upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One-or more credible Wit* nefs or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Confefiioo of the Party accufed, to give Judgment or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture atore-faid ; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not he forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, for levying (u:h Penalty and Forfeiture by Diitrefs and Sale or the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after dedufting fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Coft» and Coarges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof j and i|> cafe fufe

r?A ficiew

, 4}#GEORGII III. Scff.2. 6V/;.7.	125

ficicnt Dirtrefs (hall not be ft und, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Jolliers to commit lucli Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or i’HjBifof ■ffie faid Town and Fort of Dover, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfci ure, and •all Co(h and Charges attending fuch Conviction, be Iborrer paid and dV-charged ; and One Moietvof fuch P. nalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, (hall be paid to the Pcrfon or Pcrfons informing or fu;rg foi the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clei k to the fofd Commiffioners, and the fame fh.ill be by the laid Coniniiffioners diitributed amongtt the ■Poor of the Paiifh wherein fuch Offender or Offenders rtfpetlively fnaii ••elide, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to the faid Comniiflioners fhall leem right and proper.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Sr rjeants, or •other Officer or Officers ol the f. id Court, employed to lei veany E>: cuto.n, D.,tv n/pay fha I, bv wilful Negled, Onnfli n, or Connivance, caufe or lufor thf ui; D;bt. P.rrtv sg unit whom furh Execution (hail be awarded, to efeipc or ablconv1, nr the Goods i f fuch Parry to be carried away or Ecr.cied, fo 1h.1t luch Ex-cutiotj (hall not have its due Effrd, it (hall and may be lawful to and 'for the faid Commiffioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made Upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witheft or Witnefl'cs, to order fuch Serjeant topav the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded to the Party or Parties complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the lame Ways and Means is are herein provided for H rcoverv of their Debts •, and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby enabled to impels any Fine not exceeding Trn Pounds for evtry fuch Offence, on fuch Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers; and fuch Fine, ifnot forthwith paid, (hall and may be levied and tccovered by Diftrcfs arid Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and S*als of the fiiJ Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing luch Fine, and the Coils and Charges of fuen Dillrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and fuch Fine, when fo levied and recovered, (hall be paid to and dilfributed by the faul Commiffioners in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner, a nonglf the Poor of the Parifli or Vill wherein fuch Offender or Offenders respectively thall refiue, as they the faid Commiflioners may think fit and proper.

XL. And be it further ena£led, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, or Crier, Officers rule, or any other Officer or Servant employed by the laid Commiffioners in ■ll8,,'yFK> putting this Ad or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, fhall exaft, Fres'llloweJ take, or accept any Fee or Reward whaffoever, other than and except fo the Au, luch Fees as are appointed and allowed to them refptdively by virtue of this Ad, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virrue of this Aft, or on any Account whatfoever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every fuch Pcrfon fo Offending fhall, upon Convidien thereof beloie the faid Commiffioners at any of their Mecrtngs, or upon Verdid or Judgement being had againfl him in fuch-Afctiun'ias next hcrein-altcr mentioned, be for ever incapable of forving or being employed under this Act in any Office of Piofitor Emolument, and fhall, over and aonve, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to any Pcrfon 01 Pcrfons who fhall fue for the fame, bv Adion cf Debt, Bill, Plaint \L*.&Ptr.1	n	o;

126

Puniflun*

Witnefs not attending if fummoncd.

Punifliing Perfons guilty ef Pei jury.

CommiflioTi-ers not to ait when they are interefted.

47* GE ORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 7.

or Information, in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at WeJl/fttnJleT. within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit no Elfoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XLI. And be it farther enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons refiding or being within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, after having been duly ferved with a Subpoena or Summons, to be iffued by the Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts, and paid or tendered his or her reafonable Expences to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in fuch Subpoena or Summons mtntioned, on behalf of any Pi un-tiff or Defendant, fhall negleft or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of fuch Subpoena or Summons, and no fufHcienr Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appearance being fhewn to the Satisfa :ion of the faid Court, and Oath being made before the faid Commiffinners, by the Party or Parties at whofe inftance and on whole Behalf fuch Subpoena < r Summons iffued, that the Perfon or Perfons ferved therewith was or were a Witnefs or "Witneffes, by fuch Parry or Parties judged neceffary for ihe Proof ofhis, her, or their Caufe or Caufe', Aftion or Aftions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Difences, then and in every luch Ole, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioneis to impofe any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, on fuch Perfon or Perfons ; a id in cafe fuch F.ne fhall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine (ball and may be levied by Diftiefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commif-fioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting fuch Fine, and the CCrts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid over to the Patty or Parties at whofe Inftance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons fhall have been iffued; and in cafe fufficient D ftrefs fhall not be found, ic fhall and may be lawful to and for any Three or Five, (as the Cafe fhall require,) or more of the faid CommifTioners, to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Prifon of the faid Town and Port of Dover, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the l'a<d Cpmmiffioners in any Action, Caufe, or Matter depending in the laid Court of Requefts, or before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace afiing in Execution of this Aft, fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or fhall wilfully and corruptly fwear or affirm any Matter or Thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convifted thereof, fhall be rnd is hereby declared to be lubjcft and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as, by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force or effeft, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable 10.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Comtniffioner of the faid Court for the Time being, fhall be Party to, or concerned Or interefted in any Caufe, Aftion, or Mitter depending in the faid Court, or fhall be the Father, or Son, or Brother of any P .-'on or Perfons concerned or interellcd in any fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, fuch Cutonaiffioner 2	fhall

\ yr7° GEORG II in. Sell'. 2. Gap. 7.	W

ftiall not be capable of ading as a Commiffioner on the hearing or determinin'! Inch Caule, Aftion, or Matter, cy making any Order, Decue, or Judgment therein, but fuch Connmffioiier, after being heard in lucii Caufe, Aition, cr Matter, fball withdraw until the lame be finally determined} and if the Clerk or his Deputy, or other Officer of the faid Cau't for tne Time being, fhall be a Pat ty to or intended in arty Caule,

Act in, or Matter depending in the laid Court, luch Clerk, Depucy, or oth.r Officer (hail not exercile his laid Office in fuch Caufr, Action, or Matter, or any Thing relating thereto, but the fa id Comm dioner.-. forming the laid Court, fhall and may appoint another Perluii to exerci.e the Office of loch Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer refpedivdy, in all Things relating to fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter.

XLtV. And be it further enafted, That if any Prrfon or Perkins ffiall f°; ennremptuoudy and wilfully inlult or abufe all or any of the laid Com- tyV ihe Uid miflioners, or any of the Officers of the faid Court for the Time being, c w and dicing his or their Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or going to ^ or f om the faid Court, or fhall hinder orobftruft the Proceedings of the laid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall arid may be lawrul to snd for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court, with or without the Affidance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by the Or er of the laid Com-miOionfrs, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cu-ttody* and the laid C mm.flioners (hall examine into fuch Inlult, Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge i f what part’d, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Wiineffcs ; and upon luch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, being proved as aforeiaid,ic Ilia!) and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiidntr?, and they are hereby authouicd and empowered to impofe a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every luch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall not be forthwith paid, luch Fine fhall and may be levied and recovered by Ddfrefs and S.-le of the Gooris-and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, hyWarram under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more ofthe faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) upen Demand, after deducting fuch Fine, and the Colts and Charges of fuch Diftrels and Sale, to the Owner or Owners bf luch Goods and Chattels; and the faid Fine, when fa paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid to and diftribhted-by the faid Com miff. ffoners in luch Sharrs and Proportions, and in fuch Manner, amongft the Poor of the Parifh cr Vill wherein fuch Offender or Offenders refpedively ffiall Tefide, as they the laid Com miflioners fhalbthink fit and prop*-r; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful tor any Three or more or the laid Gommjffianers, to commit fuch Offender or Offenders ro the Common Gaol or Prifon of the faid Town and Porr of Dover, for any Tune not exceeding the Space of One Calenuar Month.

ILV. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of the faid Court (hall Cop}, oftiie fix or caufe to be i.ffixed or (luck up in the moft public Part of the preceding ' laid Court, or other Place where the Commiffioners of the faid Court	^	a

fhall meet, a true Copy of the preceding Cfaufe of this Ad, to the End clrt fluuiw* tliatno Perfon or Perfons (hall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit for any Debt Verdia* i„ recoverable by virtue of this Aft in the faid Couit of Requefts, fhall he «"yotiicr“

128

DeWti recevtr-ihle in tliii, not entitled to Cofts, anJ if V*rditt tor Defendant lit (halt be entitled to Cotti.

No Proceeding 10 ne ic-moved into any Superior Court, except, &C.

Nothing herein contained to prevent any Per,on ir on dm mini.ig for Rent.

Where D*bt duettoin Two P. t font, litm-inoning One oitliem thill be tutheitnt.

itetute of ti-nii'ati ant mail he pleaded.

Recovery and Application of Pena tiee.

470 GEORGI1 III. Seif. 2. Cap. 7.

commenced in any other Court whatfoever, or elfcwherr, than in the faid Court of Requefts, then and in every luch Cafe the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Aftion or Suit lhall not, by reafon of a VVrdift for him, her, or them, or other wife, have or be entitled to any Colls whatfoever; and if the Verdift lhall be given for fuch Defendant or Defendants in luch Aftion or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the lame (hall be tried or heard, fhall think fit to certify that fuch Debt ought to have been recovered in thefaid Court of Requefts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Double Cods, and fuch Remedy tor recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cods in any Cafes by Law j and no Aftion or Suit which lhall be commenced or profecuted in the laid Court of Kequeds in put-fuance of this Aft, nor any Proceedings therein, lhall or may be removed into any Superior Court, by Certiorari or any other Writ or Pro efs whatfoever, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for the Purpofe of enforcing and carrying into Effrft any Order, Decree, or Judgment, in Cafes where the Defendant or Defendants fhall have removed hiinfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or his, her, or their Elfefts, out of the Juriidiftton of the faid Court, after a Decree or Judgment; but every luch Decree and Judgment (hall be final and conclufive between the Patties to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be condrued to extend, fo as to prevent or redrain any Perfon from didraining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame (hall not exceed the Sum of Live Pounds.

XLVil. Ar.d be it further enafted, That where any Debt (hall be due and owing, or demanded from any Two or more Pcrlons jointly, by reafon or on account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade, or otherwife jointly concerned, Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid on any One of fuch Partners or Perlons, or left at his, her, or their lad ufual Place or Plates of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or othtr Place of dealing, trading, or working, fhall be as good and fufficient as if each of futh Partners or Perfons were feparately fummoned as afi rtfaid.

XLVIII.And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requeds, it is hereby further en-afted and declared, That all Defendants in the faid Court (hall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and effect; and every Defendant fo pleading or claiming, fhall have and receive fuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as fuch Defend, ar.t would have been entitled to in cafe this Aft had not been made, and he, (be, or they had been (ued for the fame Debt or other Caufe of Aftion in. any of His Majrdy’s Courts of Record at IVeftminfter, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the Aftion or Suit.

XLIX. And be it further enafted. That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Aft impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly directed) lhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of anv Three or more of the Lid Commiflioners (which Warrant fuch Commilftoners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confellion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witncfs upon Oath) and the Over pit’s (if any) of

the

4^7® G'E O R G11 ,MII.; Sell,2.	119

the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be r turned upot^ Pe-roand to the Owner of luch Goods and Chattels,' after deducting fuch Fines and Penalties, and the.Cr.fts ai.d Charges.of making, keeping,,and Idling the Diftiefs; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered ( f not herein*t)rf«> e differed fo be otberwife applied) fh.ill be paid to the Cl.-rk id1 the lafd CoThmiffio'rters, and (hall be by the faid Cdmtn.fll.ifiers ,	.	■

dilhibuted amongft the Poor of the refpective Parifh or V.ill wherci^	,

the Offender or Offendcs refpreuvely (hall for the Time bring refide, in fuih Mana-r, as the iaid Comm:(Tioneis, cr any Three or more of them, (hall tnink right and proper ; and in cafe fufficient D Itr -fs (hall Doc be found, or luch Penalties and Forfeitures (h ,11 ntitbe paid forthwith, it (hall and may be lawful to and for tht fuid Commifiioners, and they are hrreoy authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cauie the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Pnfon of the faid Town and Port dt Dovlr, there to fetniiin, without hail or Mainprize, f r any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs luch Penalties add F‘ rfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall be fooner fully paid and Satisfied.

L. And be it further enafledt That in all Cafes where aby Convklion FormofCoo* Jhall be had for any Offence or Off-nces committed againft this A61, the Form of.Convklion (hall be in the Words or to the Lffeft following;

(ihat is to lay),

;be it remembered. That on this	Day	of

*	in	the	*	-	Year	of. the

V Reign ot	4.	B.	is	cohvirftrd	before	if	1

«	of	His	Majelfy’s Juftkes of the Peace for the Town

*	and fort of Detier in the County of Kent and the Liberties *	'

*	ther< ol [or, arflmg fn arid for i he .Town of Margate and the Pan(he$

*	of Saint John the Bcrpliji, Saint Peter the Apjlie, and Birdnngton, and

*	tfo ViH c4 'A'cf.i, in the Jflc ni.Thanet, in the County of Kent, as the C«/e

*	may be^ ijr, before Five or Three t f the Comnuffimets for the Recovery

*	of S i ail DebW; within the Town of Margate, and the Parilhes of Saint

*	Jeun the Baplijl, Sain; Peter the Apujlle, and Btrchingion, and the Vill

* o; tVood, in the iSc of Thanet, in the County of Kent, within the Lfi « berty of the Town and Port of Dover, in the tame County, as the

*	Calc may requi.c)

*	of	hav ing [Vis the Offence Jhall bt~\ and 1	ve]

*	[frf faid	do	adjudge

*. him, £her, or, them} to forfeit and pay fir the fame, huh Offrnctf c( beirfg ooqiiary to the P oviflons of an A£t, made in the Porty-fcvcnth

*	yiir of the kr'iMfv or Ki'ig George the Third, intituled, [here infert the

*	Title if this Ati\ the Sum of

*	Given under itsy Hand and Seal for, our Hands and Seals] the Day « and Ye<d atoieUid.’

LI. And be it further enabled, That where any Diftrefs (hall be made Diffreftimta for any Sum of Money to Oe levied by virtue of this Adi, the Diftreis itfclf 1 "h}? fhall nof be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame fwro!”10 be deemed a Trcipaffer or Trcfpafiers oh account or any Defeit or Want of form in the Information, Summons, Conviclton, Warrant of Diftrefs, or o hei Proceedings rdaiing thereto, nor (hall the Party or Panics oif-traming'be deemed a Trcipaffer or Trefpaffcrs, ab initio, on account of ' tLoc. Per.}	K k	any

13°

Procefrtinp* not ’o q'laflud *or

w.,r.t uf Frrm,

or removable by Certiorari.

Plaintiffs not to rec ver without

Notu e, or atfrr Tender af Amend..

limitation of Astiont.

Public Ait.

478 GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 7.

«nv Irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftratning; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by lucb Irregularity, (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Adtion upon the Cafe.

LH. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdidt, A (Teffment, or Judgment, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforeftid, or touching or concerning the Convifiion of any Offender or Offenders againft this Adt, (hall be quaffed or vacated for want < f Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procels whatloevcr, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfter or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandtng.

LIII. And be it further enacted. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any Action to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any 1 hti'g done in purfuance of this Adt, unleis Nonce in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, I wtnty-one Days before fuch Adtion be commenced, of ll.ch intended Adtion, figned by the Attorney for thcPlaii’tff or Plaintiff, fpecitying the Caufeof fuch Adtion, nor Ihall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adtion, if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall hav« been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or thiir Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants b’ fore fuch Adtion brought; and in cafe no fuch Ten* der fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adtion, by leave of the Court after fucti Adtion (hall h$ve been brought, or at any Time before I(fue joined, to pay into Court lech Sum of Money as he, (he, or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order, and Judgment (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adtions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enadted, That no Adtion or Suit (hall he commenced agair.ft any Perf ntr Per ons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Adt, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, anti every fuch Adtion or Suit Ihall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and notelfewhcre ; and if any iuth Adtion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice (hall have been given, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for biinging the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in eveiy fuch Cafe the Jury (h ill find for the D f ndant or D fendants; and if upon luch Verdict, or it the Plaintiff (ball be nonfuitrd or dtfeontinue his, her, or their Adtion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared thereto,,or if u, on Demurrer Judgment Ihall be given againlt fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant cr Defendants (hall reeovec Cofts, and h ve fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath tor Colts of Suit in other Cafes by Law,

l.V. A"d be it further enact-d. That this Adt (hall be deemed and taken td he a Publick Act, and (ball be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, jufhecs, ahdothe s, without being ipecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.

I

I

I

t

ill

«

#

IB,

ict

to

Of

sv

tie

to

P

Tt<

CB

.cd

Ik

ITitC

OB'

Be

W

,ot

tie

t in fury ir it i or

d

aft.

diet

cut

ikes

1*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff 2.

*******#***)lHMe******#****iNi********************»*******

Cap. 8.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft, paffed in the Ninth Year of His prefent Majeftv, for the better paving, cleanfmg, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Pavifh and Borough of New Windfor, in the County of berks; and for preventing Nuifances therein.

[25th July 1 807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for the better paving, 9 G 3. c. 10, clcanfmg, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Parijh and Borough of New Windfor, in the County of Berks; and for pre-venting Nuifances and Annoyances therein : And whereas the Pow ers and Provifions of the faid recited Aft have, in fome refpefts, been found defeftive and infuffident for the good Purpofes thereby intended, and it is found expedient that the faid Aft ihould be altered, explained, and amended, and the Powers and Provifions thereof enlarged: May it therefore pleafe ILoc. & Per,]	L 1	Your



J 34-

Power to lay an additional Rate.

Commencement of the Rate.

For borrowing Money.

Form of Mortgage.

4.7® GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.?,.

Tour Majefty that it niay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Cor.fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preient Parliament aftem-blecj, and by the. Authority of the fame, That it lhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners for executing the faid recited Aft (and who are hereby appointed Commiffioners for executing this Act) or any Seven or or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, once or oftener in eery Year, as they.lhall fee Occafton, to make any Rate or Affelfment, or any Rates or AifeiTments upon the Occupiers of Lands, Houfes, Shops, Tolls, Wharfs, Waterworks, Warehouies, Vaults, Coach Houfes, Cellars, Stables, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the faid Parilh and Borough, in Addition to, and over and above the Rates or Affelfments which by the Lid recited Aft they are empowered to make, not exceeding Nine-pence in the Pound in any one Year, payable Quarterly, and that fuch audiiional Rate or Affelfment, Rates or AifeiTments, lhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by fuch Perfons, and in fuch Shares and Proportions, as in the faid recited Aft are directed, declared, or exprelfed, ot or concerning the Rates or Affelfments thereby directed or authorized to be made; and that the fa d Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, lhall have and be velted with fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities for making fuch additional Rate or Affelfment, Rates or Affelfments, and for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the fame, and lhall be fubjeft to fuch and the fame Orders and Regulations with refpeft to fuch Rates or AifeiTments, and that luch Rates or Ati'eflments lhall be confidered as fupjeft to and affefted by fuch Provifoes, Powers, Exceptions, and Rellriftions, not hereby altered or revoked; and that fuch Afts, Matters, and Things lhall be done, performed, and obferved, with refpeft thereto; and that all Perfons aggrieved by fuch Rates or Affelfments, or any fuch Rate or Affelfment, lhall have fuch and the fame Powers and Remedies, by Appeal or otherwife, as in the faid recited Aft are given, declared, or exprelfed, with refpeft to the Rates or Affelfments thereby direfted or authorized to be made.

II.	And be it further enafted. That the firft Rate or Affelfment to ‘ be made under or by virtue of this Aft, lhall commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feven.

III.	And be it further enafted. That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, at their Difcretion (but fubjeft, and without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already railed under the Powers of fuch recited Aft) to borrow any further Sum or Sums of Money for the Pcrpofes of this Aft, not exceeding in the Whole •the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, and to affign over by Writing all or any Part of the Rates or Affelfments direfted to be made by virtue of this or of the faid recited Aft, as a Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Intereft of the Money to be borrowed ; and every fuch Mortgage or Affignment flail be in the Words or to the Effeft following; (that is to fay),

* t? Y virtue of an Aft, paffed in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reigfi of ‘ His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An Aft [here infert ‘ the Title of this Aft] we Seven of the Commiffioners appointed by and L	‘	in

ns

4*7° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Gap. 8.

' in purfuance of the fifid Ad, in Confi deration of the Sum of 5	i'	advanced and lent by A. B. upon the Credit and for the

*	Purpofes of the faid Ads, do grant, bargain, fell, and demile unto the

‘ faid A. B. his Executors, Adminidrators, and Alligns, fuch Proportion T of the Rates or Afieffments arifing by virtue of the faid Ads [as the Cafe x indy be ■ as the faid Sunt of	.	doth or mall bear to

1 the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed, of become due

*	and owing or charged upon the Credit of the faid Ads [as the Cafe may

‘ be] to be had and holden from this	Day	of	in

1 the Year	until	tile	faid Sum of

*	with littered at per Centum per Annum for the fame, fhall be repaid

‘ and fatisfied. In witnefs whereof we have hereunto fet our Hands and ‘ Seals this	Day of	in the Year of our

*	Lord

And every fuch Grant or Mortgage fhall be good, valid, and effedual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes; and Copies of all fuch Mortgages fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, to the faid Cortimifiioners, and which faid Book or Books fhall and may, at all feaibnable Times, be perufed and infpeded, without Fee or Reward, bv any Perfon or Perfons intereded in any fuch Mortgage, or paying to the faid Rates or Adedmer ts; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgage fhall be made asaforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, mat from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interelb in or to fuch Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Intercd thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by indorfing on the Back of fuch Mortgage Security, and in the Prefence of One or more credible W itnefs or WItneues, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect j (that is to fay),

*	T The within named A. B. [or,\ C. D. Afiigilee, Executor, or Admi-‘ A > nidrator of the within named A. B.J do hereby transfer the Mortgage ‘ Security, with all my Right and Title to die Principal Money thereby

*	fecured, and to all Intered now due upon the fame, unto £. F. his

*	Executors, Adminidrators, and Afligns. Dated this ‘ Day of

Which Transfer fhall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk or -Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, within Six Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who fhall enter the fame in the faid Book or Books, for which Entry the faid Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, fhall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, and fuch Transfer fhall then entitle fuch Affignee, his Executors, Adminidrators, and Alligns, to the Benefit of fuch Mortgage Security, and Payment thereon ; and every fuch Adignee may, in like Manner, aflign or transfer the fame again, and fo toties quoties; and it diall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons (except fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be lad transferred), to releafe or difeharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monks due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer fhall be made as aforefaid, fhall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums

Form of Transfer.

136

The Time for en ptying N.ctiTary Houfet.

Foot Pavements to be (Wept.

Rate? where

HouTes are let to feveral Families.

Commiffion-crs may compound w.ih Perfor.s for fweepmg.

Inhabitants may be Wit-ncffes.

4~° GEORG1I III. Stfl.2.	Cap-P.

of Money thereby fccured, be Creditors on the Rates by this Aft granted, as well as of the Rases granted by the faid recited Aft, (without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already received under the Powers of the faid recited Aft ) in equal Degree One w tli another, and they fhall have no Preference in refpeft of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their Securities.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon fhall empty any Privy, Neceffary houfe, or Cefspool, or carry any Night Soil along any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paffages or Places within the faid Parifh and Borough, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Night, or after Four of the Clock in the next Morning, in any Part of the Year, or put or caft any Night Soil in or over any of the faid Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paffages or Places, or in any refpeft improperly, carelefsly, or negligently remove the fame, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Per-fons inhabiting any Houfe or other Building within the faid Parifh and Borough of New Wind/or, fhall, from and after the Second Monday next after the paffing of this Aft, fweep and cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept and cleanfed, the Foot Pavement before their refpeftive Houfes, Buildings, and Walls, on Tuefday, Thurfday, and Saturday in every Week, before Ten of the Clock in the Morning, or oftener if thereto required by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for every Negleft therein.

VI. And be it further enafted. That every Perfon, being Landlord or Tenant, who fhall let his or her Houfe in feparate Apartments or ready fumifhed to a Lodger or Lodgers, for any lefs Term than a Year, fhall, for the feveral Purpofes of this Aft, be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated and affeffed accordingly.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid

Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as they fhall think proper, to compound with any of the Inhabitants of any of the faid Streets and Lanes within the faid Parifh and Borough, by the Year or othervvife, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think proper, for the fweeping and cleanfing to be done by fuch Inhabitants refpeftively, before their refpeftive Houfes or Tenements, by virtue of this Aft, provided fuch Compofition Money be always paid in advance.

Yin. And be it further enafted, That in all Aftions, Profecutions, Informations, and Caufes of Proceedings whatfoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Aft, no Inhabitant cf the faid Parifh and Borough of New Wind/or fhall be deemed incompetent to give Evi-9	dence

i37

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 8.

dence bv^rcafon ‘of ’Sts op her befog ihch Inhabitant, or by reafon of^hiS'-Ur her being r^tcd or, affeffed, to, or paving any of the Rates or. AiT^nj.Jnts to by impofsd by virtue of this or of tne faid recited

IX, And be it further enafted. That all private Drains which now Pn^tf Drain, are, or which fliall hereiucr be made within any of the faid publick

Roads, Streets, or Lanes, Ways, PaiTages or Places, within the laid Parilh and Borough, and which do or Iliall iffue or empty themselves into any or the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Ways, PaiTages or Places dforefaid, or into any publick Sewer, Drain, or Vault, Iliall from Time to Time be repaired _ and cle.uifcd to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the. faid Commillioners (as the Cafe may happen) at the Cods and Charges of the Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers of the Iloufes, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament5# tP which the faid private Drains do or lhall refpe£tjvely belong ; and the hud Commillioners, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Aft, are hereby empowered to order and direft the Owner or OccUplef of any Tuck Houfe, Tenement, or Prcmifes, to repair and cleanfe at the ’ C-offs' and,-Charges of fuch Owner or Occupier, or both of them, in bach Proportions as the faid Commillioners or any Five or more of them lhall think'proper.

X.	And be it further enacted, That, the Watchman or Watchmen Watchmen’* appointed under or by virtue of the faid recited Ad, or that lhall be ap- Luty. pointed under or by virtue thereof, or of this Ad, within the faid Parilh

and Borough of New Wind]or, are hereby required in their refpedive Stations to .apprehend and feeure, in fome proper Place or Places of Security within the laid Parilh and Borough, all Rogues, Vagabonds, diforderly Perfons, and Dillurbers of the publick Peace, and all fufpedei Perfons who lhall be found wandering or milbehaving themfelves during the Hours of keeping Watch, fo that fuch Perfon or Perfons may be taken as Toon as convenient before the Mayor of the faid Borough of New Wincfor, or any Jultice or Jullices of the Peace for the laid Borough, to be examined and dealt with according to Law’; and if any Perfon or Perfons Iliall alTault or refill, or fliall promote or encourage the admitting or refilling any of the Watchmen in the lawful Execution of their Duty, every fuch Perfon fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds j and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Inn or Publick Houfe fliall knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the Limits of this or the faid recited Act, or permit or fuffer any Watchman to be or remain in his or her Houfe during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every fuch Victualler or Keeper of fuch Inn or Publick Houfe lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XI.	.Mid be it it further enacted. That it lhall be law ful for the faid ^>0'Tcr to re-Oommiihoners, or any Seven or more of them, to give fuch Rewards in ^n^Uabl-d'' Money to the Watchmen refpedivcly appointed or ,o be appointed under \ Loi-. 'id Per.]	M m	or

j;.3-8	47° GEORGII III. §dT. 2." Bap&.

or by virtue of this or thfe faid recited Aft, vho may be difabled or wounded in the 'Execution of their Office, as they the laid Coimniffioners,

*	-	or any Seven or more of them, fhab thin to reafonable, fitch- Money to be

paid out of the Monies to be raifed for the Purpoies of this or of the faid recited Act.	.	'

h-.ites re. XII. And bc-rt further enabled. That it fliall and may be lawful for t the laid Commiflioners, or any Nine or more of them, whenever the Lav.-. '11 Jt "R- tes or AfTeffments authorized and impofrd by this Aft, as alio by and under the faid recited Aft, cannot be obtained or recovered by and under the Powers contained in the laid recited Act, to bring or caufe to be brought, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them the faid Commiflionefc, or in the Nathe of their Treafurer or Cleik for the Time being, any Aftion or Aftious of Debt or Special Aftion on the Cafe, to be commenced by Bill or Writ in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wtjhninflcr, for ail or any of the laid Rates or AffeflVnents due and owing by viitue cf this or of the faid recited Aft, in which Aftion or A-ftions it {hall and may be fufheient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ro declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch ‘mm of Money as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhali fuppofe to be due ; and if the Plaintiff 6r Plaintiffs fliall recover fu -h Sum fo declared for, or any Part thereof, he or flic fliall have ful^.Colts and Charges, to be levied and recovered asbiher Monies upon Judgement are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Aftion or Aftions no Eflbign, Proteftion, trr Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fhali be allowed, and which faid Action or Aftions fliall not abate or be discontinued by the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of the faid Comir.iflioner or Commiflioners, or any of them, or of the faid Treafurer or Clerk, in whole Name the fame fhali have commenced ; but the faid Action or Aftions Ilia 11 and may be profecuted, and continued to lodgement end Execution, in the Name of fuch CommlfTicner or Com-mifiioners, 'treafurer, or Clerk, in whole Name the fame fhali have been commenced, in the fame Manner as if he or they had remained alive or , continued in Office. '	...

lc repair- XIII. And be it further enafted, That when and fo often as ii fhali ''•f o ^io 3nd-happenJfhat any Wooden or other Flap Door, Iron Grate, Coal Place, C;ii.r ° Covring, or. Entrance belonging1 to any Vault, Cellar, or other Place, lying under or near to any Part of the Footways, or Hcrfe or Carriage Way, within the Limits of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, fhali be broken or otherwife damaged, or out of Repair, or fhali be removed or irffecure, it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid Gommiffiofiers, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Infpeftor for the Time being, to give Notice in Writing to the Owner or Occupier of fuch Vault, Cellar, or other Place, to repair, amend, or fupplv fuch Flap Door, Grate, - Coal Place, Covering, or Entrance, forthwith; and if within the Space of Three Days next after fuch Notice fliall have been given, or within fuch other Space of Time as fliall be therein fpecificd, 'the Tame fhali not be repaired and amended or fnpplied, every fitch Owner or Occupier fhali forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings; and it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any •1	Five



i39

47° GEORGII III. Seff,a. CapJ.

Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Infpe&or, immediately after the Expiration of the Three Days, to caufe fuch Flap Door, Grate, Coal Plate, Covering, or Entrance, to be repaired and amended or fupplied, and ail Colts attending fuch Reparation and Amendment, together with the laid Penalty or Forfeiture, fhali and may be levied and recovered, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Owner or Occupier who 'hall have fo neglected to repair the fame, by Warrant, under their Hands, which Warrant the faid Commillioners, or any Five or more of them, are hereby required and empowered to grant, upon Proof of inch Negleft being made before them by the Oath of One or more credible Wknefs or Witnefies.

XIV.	And be it further err.Pud, That fo much of the faid recited

Act as enacts, that all and every Perfon and Perfons charged to the Rates or Afiefiir.ents to be made by virtue of the laid Aft, fhali not be charged or liable to be charged to any other Rate or Afieffment whatfouyer made or to be made for the paving, repairing, cleanfiug, lighting, or watching the Streets and Lanes within the laid Parifh and Borough .'of N ojM'ind/or, or any of them, fhali and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purpofes.	"	.	’

XV.	And be it further enacted, That when any private Drain, Vault, ■Sewer, or Cdfpool, fhali fall in cr become fo ruinous, or choaked fo as to affect, injure, or render dangerous the Pavement of any of the Streets or Places within the faid Pari(h and Borough of New V/ixdfur, then and fo often the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the feveral Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements, which fhali or may have the Ufe of fuch Drains, Vaults, Sewers, or CdipooLs, fhali. within Five Days next after Notice delivered or left for him, her, or them, at the faid feveral .and refpective Mefluages o Dwelling Houfes of fuch Owner or Owners. Proprietor or Proprietors, from the faid Commillioners or any Five or mere of them, or from their Surveyor, with all convenient Speed,

- effectually cleanfe, repair, and amend every fuch Sewer, Vault, Drain, cr Cdfpool, or in Default thereof it it all be lawful for the faid Com-miflioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to caufe the fame to be done ; and the Charges thereof, and of repairing and reinflating the Pavement damaged thereby, fhali far.cl charged on the faid feveral Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements, and he aid by the faid refpe&ivo Owners and Propiietors thereof, or their Vr.c! r-Tenanfis cn their Behalf, according to their refpe&iw Rights and Intew ; .herein ; and the Quota or Share each Party fhali pay of fuch Charges fhali be afeertained, proportioned, and aifefied by the faid Commillioners, or any Five or more of them ; and in cafe Default (hail be made in Payment t f any of the faid Proportions of the faid Charges, the fame fhali be rec wetted by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier and Occupiers of any or either of the faid Melfuages, Lands, or Tenements, w! .eh (hall be charged with the Payment thereof, by Warrant under the Hands of the faid Comir.iffioners, or any Five or more of them; and fuch Occupier or Occupiers paying fuch Apportionment and Aflefihsent, is and are nereby authorized and empowered to deduct the Monies fo paid out of his or h»i Rent or Rents then due, or which fhali thereafter accrue due for the fame

For repenting the Claufe in the faid recited Act, that no other Rates ftould be made but under the laid

A&

To prevent Nuifances hr private Drains, Vaults, and Ceffpeols.

14.0

Occupiers or Owners of Houfes to give Notice previous to any Alteration.

Penalty for interrupting Workmen.

Penalty for not repairing the Water Pipes.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi'. 2. Cap, 8.

or the faid Conimiflioners may at their Election, profecute One or more Aftion or Afticns, Suit or Suits at Law, r.gainft the faid refpeftive Proprietors or Owners of the faid feveral Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements, for their faid refpeftive Proportions of the faid Charges, as they (hall think proper.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Occupier of any Houfe or other Building within any of the laid Streets or Lanes in the faid Parifh and Borough of New Wind for, intending to rebuild, alter, or amend any fuch Houfe or other Building abutting or adjoining to the Foot or Carriageways within the Limits of this or the faid recited Aft (hall, previous to the rebuilding, amending or altering the fame, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Surveyor or Infpeftor appointed by and under the faid recited Aft ; and in cafe no Surveyor or Infpeftor fhall.be appointed, then unto the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Com-mifiioners, in order that fuch Surveyor or Infpeftor, Clerk or Treafurer, or fome other Perfon or Perfons, by him or them duly authorized, may attend to view and examine the faid Houfe or Building previous to any Alteration or Amendment whatfoever; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall proceed to rebuild or make anv fuch Alteration or Amendment without giving fuch Notice as aforef.ud, he, (lie, or they (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Default or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any Time obftruct, hinder, or moled any Surveyor or other Officer, Workman, or Perfon whatfoever, employed under or by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft, in the Performance or Execution of hi., Duty, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence’forfeit an i pry any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That when and fo often as any. Pipe or Pipes, or any of the Cocks appurtenant thereto, belonging: to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Waterworks, or any Perfon-or Perfons renting or holding the fame, (hall break, leak, or bur It, in any of the laid Footways, Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the Limits of this or the faid recited Aft, it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the faid Commiflioners for the Time being, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, (hall appoint for that Purpofe, to give immediate 'Notice thereof to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Owner or Owners of the faid Waterworks, or the Perfon or Perfons renting and holding the fame, to repair and amend the fame within Four Days after fuch Notice given or left at the Dwelling Houfe or lad or ufual Place of Abode of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners, or Perfon or Perfons renting and holding the fame, for the doing thereof; and if fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners, or Perfon or Perfons renting and holding the fame, (hall refufe or negleft to repair and amend any fuch Pipe or Pipes, or any of the Cocks appurtenant and belonging thereto, within Four Days

from

47° GEO RG11 ,111. Setf. 2. Cap. 8.	U?

av>m the Delivery of fuch Notice, and fill in the Ground removed thereby, he, flic, or they (hail, forfeit at id pay for every NegfiT an 1 Retiual in repairing and amending the faid Pipe or Pipes, Cbck or Cocks, or filling up the Ground io removed, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIX.	And beit further enaTed j That if any Perfon or I’erfons (hall	...

hang up or espcfe to Sale any Goods, 'Vykires, cr Merchandizes on or m{^? ccr7’ over the Foot or Carriageways within the I.hints of this or the faid ta;n Nuifan-reclted Acf, lb as; to obitruT, incommode, or inconvenience Paflengi rt, ces.

Horfis, or Carriages, palling and repnflmg on the faid Foot or Carriage

Ways, or fhall fet or place any Cart, Waggon, Dray, Truck, or other Carriage, with or without Horfis, in any of the faid Streets, l anes, or Carriageways, within the Limits of this or of the faid recited AT, longer than a reafonable Time for loading and unloading the fame) or fhall permit of fuffer any Horfe or Horfes which have been haling or drawing any Boat or Barge up the River Thames, to be placed in any of the faid publick Streets or Lanes within the laid Parifli and Borough aforefaid, and fhall remain there for the Space or Time of Half an Hour after any fuch haling or drawing ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall permit his or her Horfes, Beafts, or Goats, or any or either of them, to go at large in any of the faid Streets, Lanes, or publick Places, within the Limits of this or the faid recited AT, and fliall be thereof conviTed before the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Com-miflioners, or any Five of them, are hereby empowered to ad mini Her) fliall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XX.	And be it further enaTed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Perfon* mak-whatfoever, from and after palling of this AT, fliall dig out any Earth, Vaults, or leave any Hole in any Street or Place before any Houfe or Tenement ^el°inclof* within the Limits aforefaid, for the Purpofe of making any Vault or anu’

Cellar, or any other Purpofe whatfoever ; or in cafe any Vault or Cellar

already made within the Limits aforefaid fhall fall in, and the Owner or Occupier thereof fliall not inclofe the fame in a good and fufficient Manner, to be approved of by the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being aTing under or by virtue of this AT, or the laid Commiflioners, or by the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, or fliall keep up fuch In-clofure longer than neceffary, or Ihatl not well and fufficiently fence or rail before the Area or Areas fronting to any Street or Place within the Limits aforefaid, every Perfon or Perfons guilty of any of the Offences aforefaid fliall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the like Sum for every Week that fuch O.ffeuce fliall be continued.

XXI. And be it further enaTed, That the Powers and Provifions of Claufes of the faid recited AT (except fuch as are by this AT varied, altered, or former A a repealed) fliall extend and be conftrued to extend to this AT, as fully l? extend and effeTually as if the fame were repeated and re-enaTed in the Body of t"i>‘

this AT.	;

M2	47* GEORG 11 IIR SelL 2. Cap.'S. •

1j.xpenc«of XXII. And be it further: enafted, That the Colls, Charges, and Ex-lo be paid°" Pen.ces> preparatory to and attending the applying for and obtaining and palling this Aft, fhali be borne, paid, and defrayed out of any Money which hath arifen by virtue of the faid recited Aft, or out of the firft Money which fhali arife by virtue thereof and of this Aft, before and in Preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

Publick ASt. XXIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fucb by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON : Printed by George Evre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1807.

■ v-o ■ £ .*Ib2 .ill IIO8.03o •

ANNO QUADR.AGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Se(T 2.

»***»***»*******#*-************#***********##*******

Cap. 9.

An Aft for amending federal Afts for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for amending and altering 9 G. 3 e. 7*. certain Adis of Parliament fcr making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford :

And whereas one other Aft was made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Adi to amend an Adi made in the i5g.3. c.p. Ninth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas one other Aft was made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Adi to amend and render lS q 3 c. jo. cffcdiual Two Adis of the Ninth and Fifteenth Tears of His prefent Majefly, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford : And whereas one other Aft was made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefer.t Majefty, intituled.

An Adi for amending and altering certain Adis of Parliament for making and 34 G.3.C. u j. maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the C.ly of Oxford : And whereas one other Aft was made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi for 390.3.0.3. explaining, amending, and rendering more effedlual, feveral Adis faffed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Tvocnty-flxih, and Thirty-fourth Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, fr making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford : And whereas by the \Loc. b3 Per.2	O 0	laid

l46	47°	GEORG	It	III.	Sefl* i. Cap. 9.

faid recited Ails certain Peifons therein named, tnd their SuecrlT r% wei.e incorporated by 'he Name and Style ot The Company of Piopnctori of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and certain Powers and Authorities were th reby given to them fur ihc Purpofe of making, luppnriirrg, and maintaining tie laid Canal, and cert nil Relervcfts tortile fupplying of the Line with Water, and for carrying the fcvcr.il other Porpolcs of the faid rtcitcd Act- into Execution : And whereas an Act was made in the Thir-j+G-j e j3. ty-fi urth Year of the Reign of His pref nt Mujeftv, intituled, Shi API for making and maintaining a navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal now nut mg. or intend: d to be cut, in the Parljh of Bud-biooke in the County of Warwick, into the Oxfuid Canal in the Parifh of Brauniton in the County of Northamp'on : And whereas an Ait was made in the Thirty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefenc Majefty, intituled, jS G. 3. c. 95. An Atl-for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and ijraunfton Canal Navigation to vary ike CourJ'e of a certain Part of the faid Canal, and for amending and altering the Act made in the Thirty-foue th Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majtjly, for making the fetid Canal: And whereas by the (aid two la(l recited Aits, certain Perfins therein named, and their Succeffors, weie inco’porated by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation, and cettain Powers and Authorities were thertby given and refeived to them fur the Purpofe of making, fupporting, and maintaining the laid Canal, and for Carrying the fevcral other Purpofes of the faid lalt rented Ait into Execution : And whereas it would be attended with great Benefit, not only to the faid Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, but alfo to the faid Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation, if the faid Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation were enabled to feed and fupply with Waier the faid Wat wick and Napton Canal fiom the faid Oxford Canal Navigation, or from any Kefcrvoir or Refervoiis made or maintained or to be made or maintained by the faid Company of Proprietors of the faid Oxford Canal Navigaiion ; And whereas Doubts have arilen, whether the faid Company ot Pioprie-tors of the faid Oxford Canal Navigation have, by the faid tec led Ads for making and maintaining a navigable Canal ftom the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, Powers lufficient fo to feed auo fupply the Lid Warwick and Napton Canal: May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jelfy that ic may be enabled, and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the I.oids bpi-fiiu.il and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aliem-f’ow-nr.f bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited ACls made ektended.138 ‘a F'nth, Fifteenth, Lwenty-fixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His pietent Mujefty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxf.rd, and all and every Tolls, Duties, Claufes, Powers, Exemp.ions, Rules, R-guIationv, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and filings whatfoever therein contained, (lave and except filch Parts of the Lme a-, relate to any Exemption Fr#m Stamp Duties, and as are varied, ulcered, or lepealol,, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and (hall be as good, valid, and effectual, tor carrying the fevcral Purpoles of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, 10 all Incer.ts and Purpofes what-fceyer, as if the fume hud been repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this pre/ent Aft: and that all the Powers in Rich Afts, or any of them

con-

4.70 G EORGII If j. SefT. 2. Cap. 9.	H7

contained, touching the making and prefcving Refervoirs and Other Works for the procuring and fupplying Water tor the Ufe of the (aid Oxford Canal Navigation, may be exercifed and carried into effedl by the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation (or the Purpofe of enabling them to fupply Water as well for their own Uie as for the Warwick and Napier. Canal Navigation.

IL And be it further enafled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Power of ftp* for the laid Company ot Proprietors of the Oxford C.-nal Navigation to \v^ar^i ka.id feed and Up ply rhe (aid Warwick and Nap ton Canal Navigation with Wa- Nation ter from the laid Oxford Cum), or from any Refervoir or Refervoirs main- with tained and fupported, or to be made, maintained, and fupported by the Water. Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, by virtue and Authority of this Adi or any of the above recited Adis; and it fhall and may be lawful ro and for the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation, by and with the Confent of the faid. Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, from Time to Time, and at all Times from and after the parting of this Act, to fupply, have, and take into the faid Warwick and Napton Canal, from the faid Oxford Canal, or from any Refeivoir or Refervoiis maintained or fupported, or to be made, maintained, or fupported as aforefaid, by the faid Company of Propiietors of the faid Oxford Canal Navigation, fuch Quantity or Quantities of Water, and under fuch Rules and Regulations as (hall be fettled and agreed upon between the faid Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and the faid Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation.

III.	And b; it further enadted, That all Sums of Money which fhall Parchafe be agreed or awarded to be paid to any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or tmnpenG^ Collegiate, Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Admiruflratois, Hufbands, tiont due to Guardians, Committees, or other Truilees, or Perfons adtmg as Guar-dians. Committers or other Trullees for or on Behalf of any Lu- r.ors.^c.to naticks, Idiots, Femts Covert, or other Ceftuique Trulls, or to any Per-	to

fon or Perfons whole Lands or Effaces are limited in (Iridl or other Set- u:ca,&c. element, ot to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whaf-foever, for the Purchafecf or the Damages to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Adis made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-fixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of FIis prefect Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, or any of them, or of this Act, fuch Money ihall, in cafe the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant Genetal of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account tx parte The Company of P oprieten of the Oxford Canal Navigation, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Diredlton, and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Peifon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dif-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid affedting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecling other Lands,

Tene

148

Applic* ion where ihe Compel', ration Money doei not e*cee<l loot, and above 10I.

App'toation where left than 10I.

47*GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 9.

Tenements or Hereditament, (landing fe tied the^-wicb, to the lame or the like Ules, Intents, or Purpiles; or where fuch Morey (hall not be f > applied, then the fame lh ill be laid out an I invelled under the like D rrdion and Approbation of the laid Court in the Purchafe of other Mcffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyd and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofts, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which (hall be fo pnrehafed, tiken, or ufed as aforefaid flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be extfting undetermined and capable of taking Eft'td; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the laid Money lhali, by Order of the Court of Chancery, Upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolid rted, or Thiee Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and, in the mean Time, and until the laid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the (aid Court to be fold for the Put poles aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid C nut, to the Perfon or Petfons who would for the I ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Herrcitaments fo hereby di-reded to be purchaled, in cafe luch Purchafe and Settlement were made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe the Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid (or any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments taken or ufed by virtue of the faid recited Adis made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-fixth, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Yea'S of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, for making and maintaining; a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to rhe City of Oxford, rr any of them, or cf this Aft, for any of the Purpofes thereof, to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perions under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, {hall be lels than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pcunds, then and in all fuch Cafes, the fame lhali, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time beino entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in tefped whereof the fame (hall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Truflte or Truftces, or other Pei fun or Perfons ading as fuch as aforelaid, to be fig-nifieri in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the B:nk in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High C urt of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereir-bt foredireded; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Tiuftees, to be nominated by the Ptrfon or Perfons nuking luch Option, and approved of by the Comm t-tee of the (aid Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, or any Three or more of them (fuch Nomination and Approbations be rtg-nified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that furh Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manntr hcrein-before direded, fo far as the Cale may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, theDiredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

V.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Money payable to fuch Corporation, or to any Perfon under Difability or lncapaeiry as aforefaid,

(kali

149

47° GEORGII III. Seffi2. Cap,9.

fhall be iefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall be apphed to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in refpeft whereof the fame (hall be paid, in fuch Manner as the faid Committee of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, or any Three or more of them, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, Truftee or Truftees, or other Perfon or Per-funs afling as fuch, to and for the Ule and Benefit of fuch Perlon orPer-fons fo entitled refpebtively ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo paid, (hall be fufficient Dilcharges for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enadled. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to In Cafe of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for 'he Purchafe of ou" any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Adts, made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-fixtb, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, or any of them, or of this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Pre-mifes, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Committee, or any Three or more of them ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums or, if Perfons of Money lhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Per- cannot be fon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be ^^Moi'cy not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafi, it (hall be lawful to be pain for the faid Committee, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid int®lhe Bank> Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Patties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(delcribing themj fubjed to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the fubjefl to the laid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Appli- 2lunof cation of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of chancery on Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fir all be, and is	ur

hereby unpowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeefive Eftate or Ertates, Ti le or Irtereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and 10 make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall feein juft and rrafonable; and the Cafhicr or Cafhicrs of the Bank of England who lhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Monev, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Su ns of Money, mentioning and (pecifying tor what and for whofe Ule the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided always, and it further enafted. That where any Where any Qiiefticjn (hall a;ifc touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be Q.»ellion ^ali paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the th. ThJe'to"8 Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Adt, 'hc Money to for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Perfoutwho [Lire. & Per.'}	Pp	Eftate,

*5°

/hall he in Poffcffion of the Lands fhall he deemed to be entitled thereunto unlefs, Ice.

The Court

may ord-r reaionable Expences o£ Piirchafts to be paid by the Company.

Publtck Act.

47®GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.9.

Eftate, Right, or Inrereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be putchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchaled with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or In.erefl of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Pcrfons who fhall have been in Pofieflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Money fhall have been fo pad at the Time of pafling this Aft, and all Pcrfons claiming under fuch Ptrfon or Perlons, or under the PofTcffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, flull be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to fuch PofTcffion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchaled with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and dil'potd of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PofTcffion was a wrongful PofTcffion, and that fome other Perfon or Pcrfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Efface or Intereft therein.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Pcrfons, or Corporation entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts made in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-fixth. Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majeffy, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, or any of them, or of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the laid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of othtr Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufcs in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court fhall deem reafonable, together with the necefTary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Committee, or any Three or more of them, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch hums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direct.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Puolick Aft. and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as luch, by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpectaliy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s nioft Excellent Majefly. 1807.

'll

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO

fit

GEORGII III.

SEPTIMO

REGIS.

mot

its-

SefT 2.

am

th:

CM

m-

ctfr til: ) in the :to tbs

we

racy

»***4 *•*****+*****««********************«**-«*****»*»«•

Cap. io.

An A& for making and maintaining a Road from

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of Shenficr.e, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith.	[25th	July	1807.]

ind

mi all/

N.

WHEREAS the Road leading from Birmingham through Part of the Parifh of Sutton Coldfield, both in the County of Warwick, into the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Lichfield, into or through the Parifh of Shenjlone, in the County of Stafford, and alfo the Road leading out of thefaid firft mentioned Road beyond the Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield into the 'turnpike Road leading from the Borough cf Tamworth to the faid Town of Sutton Coldfield, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and fome Parts thereof are in fo ruinous a Condition as to be unfafe for the Paflage of Cattle and Carriages; and the faid Roads cannot be fufficiently amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair by the ordinary courfe of Law; may it therefore pleafe your Majefly, that it may be enadied ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, aud by the Authority of the fame. That Charles Bowyer Adder ley, Truftec*. Charles Adderley, Ralph Adderlcy, Efquires; William Anderton, Matthias Attiuood, George Attwood junior, Thomas Atfwood, Samuel Adcock, Thomas [Loc. & Fen]	Q	q	Adamt,

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2, Cap. io.

Adams, James Alflon, Samuel Af on, John Arnold, Humphrey Arden, Richard Ajhford, Jofeph Arm'tfhaw, Joj'eph Adams Drayton Bafftt, Richard Alfop, John Allen, W idiom Alcock, Samuel Alcock, Reverend Eger ten Arden Bagot, Thomas Barker, Wyrley Birch Efquire, Thomas Barrs, WiliiamBarrs junior, of Wit ton,' TMmas Barrs junior, William Bedford, Richard Bracken, Richard - Benton, Richard Bird, Brabins Butler, Benjamin Browne, Edward Bower, Thomas B river, John Bragg, Jofeph Bret tell, Samuel Blythe, William Brown, Richard Bond, Abraham Bond, 'I homas Baylif, John Booth, George Browne, Edward Broad, Reverend John Byng, William Brown, Henry Bennett, Thomas Blood, Samuel Bodcll, John Boucher, John- Blunt, George Burnjh, •Reverend Francis Blick, Edward Croxall junior, John Cope, William Cope, Thomas Cooper, Nathaniel Gooding Clark Eiquire, Jofeph Cotterell, Henry Curzon fenior, Henry Curzon junior, John Curzon, Charles Cooper, Clement Cotterell, John Cook, James Collins, Edward Townford Cox, Robert Cox, John Clark, George Croft D.D. John Carmichael M.D. Thomas Colntcre, Charles Chadwick, Jofeph Cotterell, Reverend Charles Edward Collins Clerk, faac Collins, John Cope Builder, Henry Clay Efquire, Wriothefky Digby Efquire, James Dolphin, John Dafforn, George Derrington, James Deakin, William Dunn, John Dickcn, Richard } lichen, Robert Dickcn, John Stubbs Dicker, Edward Winfeld Dickinfon Efquire, John Davis, Humphrey Evett, Edward Edwards, William Edwards, John Edwards, John Eagles, John Edwards Birmingham, William Fletcher Efquire, Thomas Eidgeon, Richard Fcwlcr, Jofeph Farr or, Gccrge Freer, Thomas Freer, John Fox, Alexander Forrcjl, Reverend Thomas Lane Freer Clerk, Reverend John Fox, Thomas Fox, Martin Parnell, Thomas Freeman, William Fowler, John Fowler, Jofeph Fowler, William Humberflon Cawley Flayer Efquire, William Francis, Thomas Francis, Samuel Galton, Samuel i Terisus Galton, Theodore Galton, Richard Gibbins, Richard Greenfall, Lawrence Greehfatl, Thomas Gem, Thomas Gem junior, Roger Williams Gem, William Gi/by M.D. Henry Gcajt Efquire, Edward Getky, Thomas Grundy, James Goddington, Jofeph Grice, Zadock Gregory, Sir Edmond Craddock Hartopp Baronet, Andrew Hachett Efquire, Andrew Hachet junior, Efquire, John Hachet Efquire, Jofeph Harrifon, John Hecly, John Harrifon, Humphrey Holden, Henry Hickman, Reverend John Rofe Holden Hyla Holden, James Augufus Hunter, Thomas Hadley, Thomas Hamper, William Hamper, William Haughion, William Hicks Efquire, Thomas Holbeche, Thomas Lakin Hawkes, William Hutton, Jofeph Hanfon, Thomas Hutton, Thomas Harrifon, Thomas Higginbotiom, Samuel Harrifon, Thomas Hargrave, Peter Harvey, George Harry William Fleet-wood Hartopp Efquire, Humphrey Hollis, John Harding, Samuel Trefey Harding, John Harding of dam worth, Charles Harding, John Harding of Bonehill, Thomas Holmes, Jofeph Heath, Thomas Harrifon Edgbafton, Daniel Harper, Charles Harding, Benjamin Hildick, John Jenkins, John Iddins, John James Iddins, Edward Johnjlone M.D. John Jbhnfione M.D. William Philips Inge Efquire, John Jukes, Jofeph Jukes junior, Digby Jenkins, C/rriflopher Jenkins, Lucius Jenkins, Samuel Raikes Jackfon, Thomas Kendrick, William Kendrick, John Kettle, Jonathan Knott, George Kennedy, Henry Kempfon, Samuel Kempfon, Thomas Kendrick Kingsbury, John Kendrick, Jofeph Kendall, Joj'eph Knight, John Keytc, Sir Robert Lawley Baronet, Henc/tge Legge Efquire, Charles Lloyd, Samuel Lloyd, John Noxon Lane, William Lane, Robert Lloyd, William Leonard, John Lakin, Henry Lakin, James Lakin, Thomas Lander, Edward Lambley, Joftah Limn, John Lees, Reverend William — Lallcy, William Ludlow fenior, William Ludlow 9	junior3

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Caf.ip.	*35

junior, George Made ley, Francis Mole, I fane Marfan, Reverend Spencer Madan Clerk, John Mofis, William Mobbs, Samuel Ma: indin, Henry Morris,

Jair.c Male, Jamts Male junior, 1' cvev nd Jofeph Mendham Clerk, Charles Madele >, George Mills, Thomas Mole, Reverend Henry Mathews, Jcfah Marfh.rU, John Marriot, William Mew::, William Nield, Robert Pooley Nichol-fon, Timmins Nevill, Charles Keviil, John Nevilt junior, Robert Nevtll,

John Gu'ihtoa, Henry OJborn, John Oldacre, Charles Oakes, Thomas Owen,

David Owen, John Oily, Sir Robert Peel Baronet, Shirley Farmer Steel Perkins Efquire, Richard Pratchett, Edward Pickard, Edward Palmer Efquire, Henry Perkins, Rice Pritchitt, John Pritchitt, Robert Powell, Charles P imlcy, John Parker, John Phillips, Theodore Price Efquire, Reverend Edward Palmer of Curd worth, Jofeph Pimlot, James Pitman, William Powell,

Richard Perry,	Peel,	Thomas Bradley Paget, William Parfons,

Jofeph Peel, William Paul, Robert Peel Efquire, Charles Potter, Thomas Potter, William Peareey, Jofeph Parker, John Ryland, Thomas Rujfell, Samuel Ryland, Theophilus Richards, John Rotten, John Rofe, John Rawlinfon,

Reverend John Riland Clerk, Joftah Robins, John Robbins, Samuel Reed,

Thomas Roby, Charles Edward Reppington, of Amington, Efquire, John Rodway, Sir Jofeph Scott Baronet, Ifaac Spooner Efquire, lfaac Spooner junior Efquire, Richard Spooner, William Smith, William Wynne Smith, William Smith Attorney, Richard Smith, Timothy Smith, John Smith, John Startin, John Simcox, John Spencer, Reverend Benjamin Spencer I.L.D.

Reverend Robert Spencer Clerk, Edward Sadler, William Shipley, Thomas Sadler, Thomas Swain, John Smith, John Shutt, William Styles, Thomas Salt, George Simcox Efquire, Thomas Starkey, Adam Reed Shaw, John Taylor Efquire, William Thomas, Thomas Terry, William Terry, William Twamley, Francis Twift, William Taylor,	Tomlinfon	of Erdington,

Thomas Tabberner, Samuel Tylecote, Thomas Vickers, John Underhill, Samuel Underhill, William Villiers Efquire, Roger Vaughton Efquire, James Woolley,

Thomas Ward, Henry Ward, Jofeph Webfer, Henry Whatcly, John Whctely,

William Walker, Thomas Willmore, Thomas Wil/more junior, James Willmore,

Jofeph Willmore, Thomas Warner, Stephen Wallis, William Wbatcley, Thomas Whatcley, John Wbeeley, Samuel Whecky, JohnWelfh, William Webb. Charles Walker, George Wakefield, Thomas Wakefield, John Wakefield, John WUlents,

Thomas Wilday, Robert Willoughby Efquire, Reverend William Webb, John Wright, Benjamin Wyatt, Thomas Willington, Peter Wright, Robert Woody,

Arthur Wyatt of Bolehall Glaffcott, Peter Wright Efquire, Reverend----

Ward Clerk, Samuel Pipe Wolferflone Efquire, Charles Severn Watkins Efquire, Reverend John Watkins Clerk, John Warvbiek, William Whitmore,

William Whitmore junior, Richard Whitmore, The Warden of Sutton Coldfield, and the Capital Burgeffes thereof for the Time being, and Samuel Ycadon, (hall be and they are hereby declared to be Truftees for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the faid Roads, and for otherwise carrying the feveral Powers and Authorities of this Aft into Execution \ and that when as often as any Truftee hereby appointed or to be elefted _ in Manner herein-after mendoned (hall die, or refufe to aft or become „e™Trult«i incapable of afting as a Truftee, it (hall be lawful for the other Truftees	™ ***’

for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to cleft, and by Writing under their Hands to appoint One other Perfon, qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be a Truftee in the Room of each Perfon fo dying or refufing to aft, or becoming incapable of afting!

Provided always, that Ten Days Notice at the leaft of ihe Time and Place of every fuch Eleftion fhall be affixed upon every Toll Gate which ffiall

be

156	47°	GEORGII	III.	Sett	2.	Cap.	ip.

be then Handing upon the faid Roads, and be advertifed in fome Newspaper printed and publifhed at Birmingham aforefaid; and every Perfon who {hall hereaf ter be chofen a Truflee in purfuance of the Directions of this Ad, fhall be and is hereby empowered to ad in Conjundion with the other Truflees for the Time being in the Execution cf the Trulls and Powers of this Ad, in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if he had been herein named and appointed a Truflee.

Qualifications IT. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon ol Truftees. fhall be capable of ading as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, unlefs he fhall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the adual Poffeflion, or in the Receipt and Enjoyment of the Rents and Profits of Meffuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pound?, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon having an Ellate in Land of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or poffeffed qf a Perfonal Eflate alone, or Real and Perfonal Ellate together, of the Amount or Value of One thoufand Pounds; ami if any Perfon, not being fo qualified, fhall ad as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record, by Adion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Frotedion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and every Perfon lb profecuted fhall prove that he is qualified as aforef.iid, or in Default thereof fhall pay the faid Penalty, upon Proof given of his having tided as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, one Moiety of which faid Penalty fhall be paid to the Profecutor, and the other Moiety thereof fhall be applied for the General Purpofes of this Ad : Provided ncvert'.elefs, that all Ads and Proceedings which fhall have keen done and performed by any fuch Perfon, touching the Execution of this Ad, previous to fuch Recovery agaiufl him as atorefaid, fhall, notwithflanding the fame, be as valid and effectual as if l'uch Perfon had been qualified according to the Diredions cf Truftces who this Ad : Provided always, that fuch of the faid Truitees as are or fhall be are alio Juf- ju the Commifiiou of the Peace for any Diftrid, to which the Powers of Peace ma*	l^‘s Aft may extend, fhall have full Power to ad as Jultices of ihe Peace,

a£Us fuch. in any Matter or Thing relating to this Ad ^except only in fuch Cafes where they fhall be peifonalty mterefled); but no Perfon fhall be capable of ading as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad in any Cafe where he fhall be concerned in Interefl, or during the Time he fhall hold any Place of Profit under this Ad.

Meetings of ML And be it further enaded, That the faid Truflees, or any Five or Truftee# al- more of them, fhall meet together alternately, in the faid Parifh of Afion, ornately in near Birmingham aforefaid, and in the faid Pariih of Sutton Coldfield, the ctf AUon and ^rlc Meeting to be held at Vauxball, in the faid Parifh of Afion, on Monday SuttonCoU- theThird Day of Augufi next, or as foon after as conveniently may be for field.	the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution, and fhall then, and from

Time to Time afterwards, adjourn fuch their Fleeting and Meetings to fuch Day or Days, Place or Places refpedively, as they fhall deem expedient and proper for the Purpofes of this Ad, fubjeft neverihelefs to the Limitation of T ime between each of fuch Meetings, and to the other Rules and Regulations for holding the fame, as hereinafter expveffkl ; and if there fhall at any Time be fewer than Five Tiuilees prefect at any Meeting, ihey. fhall

*vll not

47° GEORGII HI. Seff.2. Cap. io.	157

not proceed to Bufinefs, but fuch Truftees, if more than Two, (hall adjourn the Meeting to fuch Time and Place as they may deem proper, within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, but if there fhall be only Two Truftees prefent, then the Clerk of the Truftees for the Time being, fhall in every fuch Cafe caufe Ten Days Notice in Writing to be affixed on every Toll Gate then erefted on the faid Roads, or if no Toll Gate fhall be then erected, fhall caufe the like Notice to be given in fome Newfpaper publifhed in the Town of Birmingham, requiring the Truftees to meet at the Place where the preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, at any Time not exceeding Forty Days next after the Day for which fuch laft Meeting was appointed ; and in cafe it fhall ever happen that no Adjournment {hall be made at any Meeting of Truftees as aforefaid, or if any Adjournment fhall be made to any longer Period than is allowed by this Aft, or in cafe a fingle Truftee, or the Clerk aforefaid, fhall, in the Events laft herein-before mentioned, negleft to affix fuch Notice for a future Meeting as aforefaid, then and in any of the aforefaid Cafes, and as often as the fame fhall happen, it fhall be lawful for any. Five of the faid Truftees, though not affembled at a Meeting in purfuanceof this Aft, to caufe Notice in Writing to be affixed upon every Toll Gate then erefted on the faid Roads, and to Caufe the like Notice to be given in fome Newfpaper publifhed in the Town of Birmingham, at leaft Twenty Days before any intended Meeting, appointing the Truftees to meet at fuch Time, and at fuch Place as they the faid Truftees fhall think convenient; and the Truftees, when met in pur-fuance of every or any fuch Notice or Adjournment as before mentioned, fhall and may proceed to carry this Aft into Execution.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no Meeting fhall be adjourned to Meetings not a more diftant Period than the Space of Twelve Weeks from the Time of be adjoum-fuch Adjournment, and every Meeting fhall be held between the Hours of tha^TweKc-•Eleven and Two in the Daytime ; and all Orders and Determinations of Weeks.

the laid Truftees in the Execution of this Aft, except where the fame is hereby otherwife mentioned and allowed of, fhall be made, ifTued, and done ~at Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, and not otherw ife, and the fame fhall not be valid, unlefs a Majority of the Truftees prefent at each Meeting, fhall concur therein, fuch Majority net canlifting of lefs than Five, who fhall fign the fame in the Book or Books kept for that Purpofe; and no Order, Determination, or other Aft made or done at a former Meeting, fhall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs Fifteen Truftees fhall be prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings other Afts and Proceedings of the Truftees under this Aft, fhall be entered to bc ent*red in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe; and fuch Orders fo ln a Book' entered and figned as herein-before required, fhall be deemed original

Orders; and fuch Book or Books, and alio the Book or Books containing the Regifters of Mortgages, Transfers, and Alignments, as herein-afttr di-refted, fhall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cafes of ■Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing dene .by Authority of this Act; and fuch Book or Books fhall at all the Meetings of the fatd Truftees be open and liable to the Iufpeftion of all and every of ihe faid Truftees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, end made payable, and any of the faid Truftees and Creditors fhall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding [Let. & Per.]	Rr	One

*58

Power to ap-point Officers.

Officers to account, See.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.a. Cap. 10.

One Hundred Words, the Sum of One Shilling, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number of Words.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall and may from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings to beholden in purfuance of this Aft, appoint a Treafurer or Calhier, and a Clerk or Clerks, and alfo fuch Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyors cf Roads and Buildings, and other Officers, with fuch Salaries or Allowances as they fhall think neceffary, and fhall and may from Time to Time remove any fuch Officers as they fhall fee Occafion ; and in cafe of Removal, or of the Death or Refignation of any fuch Officers, fhall and may appoint new ones in their Stead: Provided neverthelefs, that whenever any Collector of the Tolls, to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, fhall die, refign, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it fhall be lawful for any Five or more of the faid TrufteeSj although not affembled at a Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Perfon to lupply his Place, until the next Meeting of the Truftecs, at which Time fuch Order fhall be made for his Continuance or for his Removal, and for the Appointment of another in his Stead, as fhall feetn advifeable; any Thing hereir.-before contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Officers and Perfons as fhall be appointed by virtue of this Aft fhall, as often as required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, render and deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they, or any Five or more of them, fhall appoint, a true, exact, andperfeft Account in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, with the proper Vouchers, of and for all Monies which they fhall from Time to Time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this Aft, or by reafon of their refpeftive Offices, and fhall verify fuch Account upon Oath, if thereunto required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter); and in cafe any Money fo received by any fuch Officer or Perfon as lafl mentioned fhall thereupon be found to remain in bis or their Hands the fame fhall be paid to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall by Writing under their Hands authorize or empower to receive the fame, and fhall be difburfed and laid out in the Execution cf this Aft, and not otherwife ; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon fhall not make and render, or rsfufe to verify upon Oath, any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up any Voucher or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make any fuch Payment as aforefaid,or /hall not deliver to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, then and in either or any of the Cafes afortfaid, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufc to bs brought any Aftion or Aftions, in the Name of fuch Truftecs, or in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Treafurer or Clerk for the Time being, againft every fuch Officer or other Perfon fo offending as aforefaid, for the Recovery of all Monies, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings which (hall be in his Cuftody as aforefaid ; or if Complaint fhall be made of any fuch Refufal or Negleft as aforefaid, to any One or more

3	■	Juftice

*59

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 10.

Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County or Piace where any fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid fhall be and refide, fnch Juftice or Juftices may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order the Party fo offending to be brought before him or them, and upon the Appearance of luch Party, or on his not being to be found, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way, and to fettle the faid Account or Accounts ; and if upon the Conteflion of the Party or Parties, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward) fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid fhall be convicted of any fuch Of-ence as aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall and may, upon fuch Conviction, commit the Party fo offending to the common Gaol of the County or Place where he fhall be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mai.i-prize until he fhall have made and verified fuch Account, and paid over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, in Manner aforefaid, or until he fhalj have compounded and agreed with the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid fuch Compofition (which Compofition the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive) or until he fhall have rendered and given up to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall direft, all fuch Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforefaid; or it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to caufe the Money remaining in the Hands of fuch Offender to be levied by Dillrefs and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, or if no Goods or Chattels can be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid Monies, and the Charges of levying the fame, then to commit every fuch Offender to the common County Gaol as aforefaid, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize until he fhall have made fuch full Payment, or have made and paid fueh full Compofition as aforefaid ; provided always, that no fuch Officer or other Perfon fo committed for want of fufficient Diftrefs, fhall be confined or detained in Prifon by virtue of this Aft for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or Power to take more of them, fhall require and take fuch Security or Securities from their Security from Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers, for the due Officers. Execution of their refpective Officers, and for the Payment of all Monies to

be received by them refpeclively in the courfe thereof, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fliall judge proper : Provided always, that no Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, Cider, or Spirituous Liquors, V‘aual.;cr.’ fliall be capable of holding any Place of Truft or Profit under this piLes of Aa-	Profit.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees may fue and be Tru(te fued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuance of fue, &c. this Aft, in the Name of their Treafurer for the Time being; and that no die Name of Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direftion of or ao-ainft theTreafww the faid Truftees, by virtue of this Aft, in the Name of their Treafurer,

fliall abate or be difeoniinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Trea-lurer, nor by the Aft of fuch Treafurer, without the Confent of the faid

Truftees,

I 6(3

T reafurer to 'be reimburfed Expences.

Meetings on Emergencies.

Power to continue and ereft Toll Gates, Side Gates, and Toll Houfes.

TolFs may be taken.

Tolls.

47°GEORGll 111. Seff. 2. Cap. 10.

Truftees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held in purfuance of this Aft; but that the Treafurer for the Time being to tha laid Truftees Ilia 11 be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Action: Provided always, that every fuch Treafurer, in whofe Name any Action or Suit (hall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, in purfuance of this Aft, lhall be fully indemnified, reimburfed, and paid ouc of the Monies to aril'e by virtue of this Aft, all fuch Cofts, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in confequence of any fuch Aftion or Proceedings he fhall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become charge-able with, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as afore-faid.

X.	And be it further enafted, That if after any Adjournment of the faid Truftees it fhall be thought neceffary that they fhould meet at an earlier Time than the Day appointed by fuch Adjournment, in that cafe the Clerk to the Truftees, upon an Order in Writing, figned by Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before direfted, and of the Time and Place which lhall be mentioned in fuch Order (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and fuch earlier Meeting fliall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Truftees at all fuch Meetings as aforefaid, fhall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in cafe fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournments ; and all Orders and Determinations of the Truftees in the Execution of this Aft, fhall be made at Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, and not otherwife (except as herein mentioned); and no Order or Determination fhall be made, unlefs the major Part of the Truftees prefent fhall concur therein.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall and may, as they think proper, ereft and fet up fuch and fo many Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or acrofs any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, and upon the Sides thereof, and alfo acrofs any Lane, Common, or Way leading into or out of the fame ; and may alfo ereft or provide and continue a Toll Houfe, with fuitable Outbuildings and Conveniencies, at or near each Toll Gate, and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter, or difeontinue the Toll Gates or Toll Houfes, or any of them, as they the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think expedient; and may alfo, in Manner herein direfted for the purchafing of Land for the turning or widening of the faid Roads, take in and indole from the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, convenient Garden Spots for each of the faid Toll Houfes not exceeding One Quarter of an Acre, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think neceffary ; and that the refpeftive Tolls following fhall be demanded and taken at each and every of fuch Toll Gates by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpofe, before any Horfe, Beaft, Cattle, or Carriage, fliall be permitted to pafs through the fame; (that is to fay,)

For every Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis a-Vis, Chaife,

Calafh, Chaife Marine, Caravan, Hearfe, Litter, or other Carriage,

drawn by Six Horfes or Beafts of draught, the Sum of Two Shift

lings;

ii

B

a

ik

d

h

■I

LCfl

an

im-

M

ad

eta

tss

EOT

(uck

Sid

.fill

iToS 18* is#

,c*

rfl»

je#’

bud

fa

J*

[id1

&

$>

«?

ifl? GEOR.GII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 10.	i6r

lings-, and drawnby Four Ilorfesor Ben ft 5 of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horfes or Bealls of Draught, the Su:n of Sixpence:

For every Chaife, Chair, or other fuch Carriage drawn by One Horfe or Btaft of Draught, the Sum of 'l hrce-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other fuch Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of fuch Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches or more from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by any Number of Horfes or Beails of Draught (not exceeding Eight) the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other fuch Carriage with Four Wheels, the Fellies of luch Wheels being of a lefs Breadth than Six Inches from . Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by any Number of Horfes or Beads of Draught (not exceeding Six) the Sum of Nine-pence :

For every Cart, Wain, or fuch other Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of fuch Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches or more from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn by Four Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart, Wain, or other fuch Carriage with Two Wheels, the Fellies of fuch Wheels being of a lefs Breadth than Six Inches from Side to - Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and diawn by Three Horfes or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence ; and drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by One Horfe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and lb in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number: and,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and lo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Tolls lhallbe and they are Tolls veiled hereby veiled in the faid Trudees, and a Table thereof fhall be put and in tlleTruf-continued at each and every Toll Gate or Tall Houfe eroded on the faid tees'

Roads ; aud it liiall be lawful to and for die feveral Perfons who diall, by virtue ol this Act, be appointed Collectors of the faid Tolls, to demand, collecl, and receive the faid Tolls ; and if any Perfon or Perfons, fubjed lo the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, fhall, after Demand made thereof by any Colledor of the laid Tolls, neglcd or refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it ihatl be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons authorized and appointed as aforefaid to colled .fuch Tolls, by himfelf or themfelves, or taking fuch Afliilance as he or they mail thick neceflary, to feize or diftrain any Horfe, Bead, cr other Cattle, upon which any fuch Toll is by this Ad impeded, together with their Bridles, Saddles., Gears, Hamefs, or Accoutrements, or any Carriage, in refped of the Horfes or Beads drawing which Carriage luch Toll is by this Ad impofed; and if fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Didrefs, lhall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after fuch Seizure and Diftrels made, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and .didraining may fell the Horfes, Beads, Cattle,

Carriage, or Things lb feized and did’rained, or a fulficieat Part thereof, re-[Ld Per.]	Ss	turning

at not to m-creafe them.

1C2	47*	GEORG	11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 10.

turning the Overplus of the Money to arife by fuch Sale (if any) and what fhall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges occaftoned by fuch Seizure, Diftrefs, and Sale, lhall be deducted.

Power to vary XIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Tmftees, or any Five or the Tolls to nlore of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe (whereof at lead; Twenty-eight Days Notice lhall be given in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates ereded on the faid Roads, and inferted in fome one Newfpaper publifhed or circulated in the faid Town of Birmingham) may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, in cafe it lhall appear requifite or expedient, to leffen and reduce, and again to raife and advance the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, or any Fart or Parts thereof, and to order the fame to be taken in fuch Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they lhall think fit, fo that the refpedive Tolls fo varied never exceed the Tolls by this Ad authorized to betaken, andfo that the Tolls fo granted or varied be never lelfened until the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, together with the Interelt, be repaid, except the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five-fixth Parts or Shares at the leaft of fuch Money confent thereto •, and fuch Tolls fo varied, and every of them, lhall be collided, recovered, and applied in the fame Manner as the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken are direded to be colleded, recovered, and applied.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared, That no Perfon lhall be liable to pay more than once for palling or repairing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twdve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night) with the fame Horles, Cattle, or Carriages refpedively, through all or any of the Toll Gates to be ereded by virtue of this Ad, but that every Perfon, after having paid Toll once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment, lhall afterwards be permitted to pafs with every fuch Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, Toil-free, during fuch Day, through all or any of the faid Toll Gates; which Note or Ticket the Colledors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Dilpute lhall happen touching the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, keeping, or felling any Diftrefs, which lhall be taken by virtue of this Ad, it lhall and may be lawful for the Colledor or Perfon diftraining to retain the Diftrefs, or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of fuch Tolls, or the Charges of feizing, detaining, and difpofing of fuch Diftrefs as aforefaid (as the Cafe lhall happen) lhall be afeertained by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County, Place, or Diftrid where fuch Difpute lhall arife, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, lhall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or any Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminitler) and fhall determine the Quantity of the Toll due, and alfo affefs the Colts and Charges of fuch Seizure, Diftrefs, Keeping, and Sale, and all other reafonable Colts and Charges ; all which Sum or Sums of Money, fo determined and aflefted, lhall be paid to the Colledor before he lhall be obliged to return the Diftrefs or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

No more than One Toll to be aken in One Day.

DifpUtOB to

be fettled by a Juftice.

XVI. And

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap 10.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That out of the Toils or Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of this Add, the (aid Trufiscs, or any Five or more of them, {hall, in the firft Place, pay ail the ESpences incurred by and in relation to the obtaining and palling this Aft, and fhall afterwards apply the fame in paying the Intereft of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Aft, and in defraying the Charges and Expences of making, eroding, repairing, maintaining, removing, and altering fuch Toll Gates and Toll Houfes as aforefaid, and fuch Arches and Culverts, Drains and Ditches as {hall be neceffary to be made, repaired, or maintained, and the Expences of repairing, altering, and widening the faid.Roads, and in making good the Damages which may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of Houfes and Lands as herein-after mentioned, and in paying the Purchafe Money for fuch Lands as are herein-after authorized to be taken and purchafed for the Purpofes of this Ad, and in defraying all other Expences relating to the Execution of this Ad, and for no other Purpofe whatfoever.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That only One Toll Gate fhall b<j ereded or fet up acrofs the faid Road leading from Birmingham to I.ichfiehl, and that luch Toll Gate (hall be ereded or fet up at the Third Mile Stone on the faid Road leading from Birmingham to Lichjield■, and that no Toll Gate {hall be ereded or fet up on the Side of the Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield, where the Road leading from Curdwortb enters the laid Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Gravelly Hill, in the faid Parifli of AJlon, or acrofs or upon that Branch of the faid Road leading from Sv.tttn Coldfield to or towards Tamworth: Provided always, that every r - Ton paying Toll at the faid Gate to be ereded acrols the laid Road, fhall j;, s Toll Free through any Side Gate to be ereded by virtue of this Ad ; and every Perfon paying Toll at any One of fuch Side Gates (hall be permitted to pafs Toll Free through the faid Gate to be ereded acrofs the faid Road, and alfo through any other fuch Side Gate or Gates as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perlbns as they fhall for that Purpofe authorize or appoint, are and is hereby empowered to enter into any Con-trad or C.ontradsin Writing with any Perfon or Perfons for widening and repairing the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for building or repairing any Toll Gate, Toll Houfe, Arch, or Culvert, upon any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, and for doing all neceffary Works relating thereto or required to be done by virtue of this Ad, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum and Sums of Money as {hall feem fair and reafonable; and fuch Contrads frail be binding upon all Parties, and Damages and Colls fhall and may be recovered againft the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time as they fhall fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Perfon or Perfons, for all or any cl the Tolls to be paid hy fuch Perfon or Perfons, for and in refped of any Carriages, Horfes, Cattle, or Bealls travelling on the faid Roads, provided fuch Coinpofition Monies frail be paid Six Calendar Months in advance to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Roads ; and in Default of any fuch

•	Payment,

163

Tolls to be

applied for the general Purpofes of the Adit.

Limiting the Number of Toll Gates to be erc&ed on the faid Road, or the Sides thereof.

Truftees may contradi with Perfons for widening the Road, 6iCm

Tolls may be compounded

for.

164	470	GE ORGII III. Seff.2. 'Cap: 10.

' Payment, the Compofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Periods making fuch Default, fhall from thenceforth be void.

For leafing XX. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the fakl the Tolls for Truftees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time by Writing exceed™ n0t un^er t^c*r Hands and Seals to leafe the Tolls arifing within.or upon the Three Years, laid Roads, or any Part or Parts of fuch Tolls, unto any Perfon or Perfons from Year to Year or for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bell Rent that can be gotten for the fame, payable at fuch Times, and under fuch Covenants, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they the laid Trailces, or any Five or more of them, fhall direct or appoint.

IPerfons and XXL And be it further enacted. That none of the Tolls hereby autho-Thingsex- rized to be taken flrall be demanded, taken; or paid at- any of the Toll empted from Gates erected or to be rredted upon the faid Roads, for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage^, of whatsoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreifes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poflmaftcr General, either when employed in conveying, fetching) or guarding fuch Mails or Expref&s, or in returning therefrom; nor lor the Horfes belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Dutv, nor for any Horfe?, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, the Arms or Bag-

S'tgej of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying, or returning from rrying any field, wounded, or difabled Officers or Soldiers; nor front any Rcftor, Vicar, or Citrate going to or returning from his own Parifh Church, ' or Chapel, or vifiting his fick Parilhioners; nor from any Perfon or Perfons going to 09 - returning front his or their Parochial Church, Chapel; Or other Ufual Place of Religious Wor-fhip on Sundays, or on any other 1 Day on which Divine Service is or fhall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall die and be buried in any Parifh, Hamlet, or Place through which any Part of the faid Roads hereby intended to be repaired lies ; nor for any Horfes, Beafts, Cattle, or Carriages ufed or employed for the Purpofe only of carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying Perfon3 to or from any Ele&ion of a Kn'foht or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County of Warwick; or for carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying Vagrants lent by’ legal PaiTes; or for carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or- conveying Hay, Clover, Turnips, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid or Hacked up in any Barn or Yard held or: ufed by the Owner thereof; or for carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, any Mack, Mould, Lime, or Comport ; nor for any Horfes, Beafts, or Cattle pafiing in order to be ufed or employed only upon or for the Occupation of Land in any fuch Parilh, Hamlet, or Place, or drawing any Waggon, Caff, Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufbandry in order to be fo ufed or employed, or . to be repaired, unleft the Carriage bearing any fuch Plough, Harrow, rtr other Implement of Huibandry, be alfo laden with any other Thfo<r not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of Toil; nor for any Horfe, Beaft, or Cattle palling to or from Pafture upon any fuch Land as lall-mentioned, or to or from Water, and for cither of thofe Purpofes going or paffing only from one Parifh into the next adjoining Parilh, or not travelling more than Two Mills along the faid Ronds'; nor for any Horfe,. Beaft, or

other

i6s

47°GEORGII III. Sefl. 2. Cap. 10

other Cattle when going to or returning from being flioed or famed ; nor for any Horfe. Beall, or Cattle, ufed or employed only for the Purpofe ct carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, Materials lor the making or repairing anv Highway or publick Road within any luch Parilb, Hamlet, or Place as aforefaid ; nor for any Horfe, Bealt, Cattle, or Carriage ufed or employed by any Inhabitant within the faid Parifh of Sutton Coldfield, iti carrying Peat or Fuel from and out of a certain Park called Sutton Coldfield Park, for the Ure of fuch Inhabitants only ; nor for any Hoife, Bead,

Cattle, Waggon, or Cart ufed or employed in the Carriage or Conveyance of Coals on any Part of the faid Road North of the Town of Sutton Cold-field, from any Coal Mines fituate in the County of Stafford, for the 1 'fe of the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh of Sutton Coldfield, only, and brought by Land Carriage immediately from the Collieries ; nor lor any Waggon,

Cart, or Carriage, moving upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches on each Side thereof, the Fellies or Tire w hereof lhall not deviate more t!: r One Inch from a flat Surface; nor for any Horfe, Bead, Cattle, or C arriage which dial I crofs the faid Roads only, or lhall not pafs more than One hundred Yards thereon ; nor for any Ilorfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Vo-1. teer Cavalrv, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercife, Infpeftion, or Review, provided that fuch Perfon it the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutre-ircr.ts, according to the Regulation appointed for fuch Corps, at the Time ol claiming the Exemption; and if any Perfon lhall claim and take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cafes, the Proof of Exemption lhall lie upon the Party claiming the fame.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Perfon Provifions

or Pevfons lhall, with any Horfe or other Bealt, Cattle, or Carriage what-foever, pafs through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any	° s‘

Toll Gate to be eredted upon the faid Roads (the fame not being a pub-

lick Highway,) for the Purpofe of avoiding the Tolls, or if the Owner or Occupier of any fuch Land or Ground lhall knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Pcrfons with any Horfe or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, to pafs through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the faid Tolls flu.ll be avoided, or if any Perfon lhall forcibly pals through any of the faid Toll Gates with any Horfe or other Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, without paying the Tolls for the fame, or fliall take off. or caufe to be taken off, any Horfe, or other Beall from any Carriage, or lhall leave, or caufe to be left, upon or near any Part of the faid Roads, any Horfe or other Beall, or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the faid Toll.-, or any of them, every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefa d, fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds (over and befides fuch Damages and Punilhments as they fliall be otherwife liable to by Law) one Moiety whereof fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof lhall be applied to the Purpofe3 of this Adi.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Farmer, Renter, or Penalties ou Collector of any of the faid Tolls, lhall demand and take, or caufe to be Collectors

[Ltc. Ss” Per.~\	Tt	denianued	tali;nS

i6S	47®GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 10.

Starter or lcfs demanded and taken, from any Perfon or Perfons, any Toll not hereby allowed'*"0 authorized to be taken, or a greater or lels loll than fo authorized, fuch Farmer or Renter {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every fuch Collector not being the Farmer or Renter, fhall for every fuch Otfence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; fuch Forfeitures refpedively to be recovered in Manner heiein* after mentioned.

Power to XXIV. And whereas fome Parts of the faid Roads lead over Open fence off Parts Grounds, and the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted may, by reafon of Rra'1 the VS idth thereof, be avoided; be it therefore enaded, That the faid Truftees, or anv Five or more of them, fhall and may caufe to be fenced and ditched off fuch Parts of the faid Open G ounds as they fhall think neceffary, in order to prevent the Payment of the faid Tolls being avoided.

Road leading over Open Grounds.

Toll Gates, XXV. And be ic further enaded, That the Right and Property in all &c.vettedin the Toll Gates, Toll Houles, Weighing Machines, and the feveral Conve-iu ees. niences and Appurtenances thereto belonging, which fhall be ereded and made by virtue of this Ad, and in the Materials for Buildings, and repairing thefame, and for repairing the faid Roads,and all other Materials, Articles, and Things which fhall be purchafed,colleded,orprovided for the Purpofes of this Ad, fhall be veiled in the faid Truftees, and they, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk for the Time being by their Order, are hereby authorized and empowered to fell and difpofe of the fame as they fhall think proper, and to bring, or caufe to be brought, any Aftion or Adions, or to prefer, or caufe to be preferred and profecuted, any Bill or Bills of Indid-ment againft any Perfon or Peifons who fhall fteal, take away, break down, or damage any fuch Toll Gates, Toll Houfes, Conveniences, Ap. purtenances, Materials, Articles, or Things, ordilturb them or their Agents or Servants, in the Poflellion thereof.

Tor borrow- XXVI. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five ino Money or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, whereof Toiis^nm£ Twenty-one Days Notice fhall be given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates then ereded upon the faid Roads, and inferted in fome one Newfpaper publifhed or circulated in the faid Town of Birmingham, may and they are hereby empowered, from l ime to Time, to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they fhall think needful ; and they are hereby alfo empowered, either at fuch Meeting or afterwards, by any Writing or Inlfrument under their Hands and Seals, to affign over or mortgage all or any Part of the Tolls to be colleded and levied at the faid loll Gates, the Charges of affigning or mortgaging the fame to be paid out of fuch Tolls, for any Term during the Continuance of this Ad, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed by the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of fuch Tolls, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his, her, or their Truflee or Truftees, as fhall advance and lend the fame ; which vlortgage fhall be made in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to the like ElFed ; (that is to fay)

Form of Mortgage.

47° GEORGII III. Sefll 2 Cap. io.	167

‘ Title of this AS] We,	of the Tru flees for

‘ putting the laid Aft in Execution, in Confideration of the Sum of ‘	to	the	Treal'urer	of the faid Roads in hand paid, do

*	gTant, bargain, fell, and demife unto	his

« Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, fuch Proportion of the Tolls

*	arifing bv virtue of this Adi, and of the Poll Gates and loll Iloules for

*	collecting the fame, as the Sum of	doth or

« {Hull bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof; to be

*	had and holden from the	Day of	laft

*	paft, for and during the Continuance of the faid Adi, unlefs the faid

‘ Sum of	with	Interefl	at	the	Rate	of

*	-per Centum per Annum, fhall be fooner repaid and fatisfied. Given

*	under our Hands and Seals, this	Day	of

‘ One thoufand eight hundred and

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages fhall be entered in a Book or Books to Mortgages to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Treafuter to the faid Truflees; ^e.,e^redin and all Mortgages or Aflignments which fhall be made in the Manner and a i'°°

Form aforefaid, fhall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents a-.d Pur-pofes whatfoever; and all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Mor gages or Aflignments fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the \uoney thereby fecured, may from Time to Time aflign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interefl, or Benefit to the Principal Money and Interefl thereby fecured, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by figning an Inflrument to be annexed to, or by Indoifing on fuch Security the following Words, or Words to the like Effeft; (that is to fay),

‘ T A. B. do transfer this Mortgage or Security [or, a certain Mortgage Form of ‘ or Security, Jhortly J} a ting it, as the Cafe may be] with, ail my Right Fransfer.

‘ and Ti le to the Principal Money hereby fecured, and all the Interefl ‘ row due thereon, untoC. D. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns.

*	Dated this	Day	of

* A. b:

Which Transfer fhall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk within One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, who fhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, far which the faid Clerk fhall be paid the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and no more ; and fuch Transfer Ihall then entitle fuch Afiignee, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon ; and fuch Aflignees may in like Manner affign or transfer the fame again, and fo toties quotics; and it fhall not be irt the Power of any Perfon or Perfons making fuch Aflignment or Transfer, afterwards to make void, releafe, or difeharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mor gages, Afilgnments, or Transfers fhall be made as aforefaid, fhall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein refpeflively mentioned. Creditors on fuch Tolls, and Toll Houfes, in equal Degree one with another, and fhall have no Preference in refpefl to the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or the Dates oi fuch Mortgages or Aflignments.

XXVIII. And

i6$

Surveyors

may dig for Gravel in Wafte without paying for it.

Notice to he given before Materials are taken from inclofed Grounds.

470 GEORGII III. Semi. Cap. 10.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That it fliall b? lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by the faid Truffees, and all fuch Perfons as he or they lhall appoint, to fearch for, cut, dig, gather, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for completing or repairing the faid Roads, out of or front any Waite or Common Ground, River, or Brook, any Parilh, Townfliip, Hamlet, Di-vifion, Diftrift, or Place, in which any Part of the find Roaus lie, or in any neighbouring Parilh, Townfliip, Hamlet,-Divifiori, Diftrift, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perlon or Perfons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks from whence iuch Materials fliall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries, lb that tin fame lhall not be dangerous to any Perfons or Cattle, and paving for the Damages done by go ng through and over any Lands or Grounds tor and with fuch Materials (fuch Damages to be afeertained as herein-alter mentioned); and alfo that it lhall belawlul for the laid Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfons as he or they fliall appoint, to fearch lor dig, gather, and carry away any fuch Materials, in or out of the Grounds ot any Pcrfon (not being a Ground whereon any Houfes or Buildings Hand, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddoctt, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houle, or any Piece of Ground planted and frt apart as a Nurfery for Trees) making or tendering luch Satis‘aftion for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame lhall be dug, gathered, and carried awav, or over which the fame or any other Materials for repairing the faid Roads fliall be carried, as the faid Truffees, or any Five or more of them, fliall adjudge reafonabie; and in cafe of any Difference between the faid Truffees, Survey rs, or other Perfo. s appointed and employed as aforefaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of private Grounds, or any of them, concerning fuch Payments and Damages as aforefaid, it (halt be lawful for Two or more J ftices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where fuch Materials fluff be fo cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, or carried away, or over, on Eight Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, to hear, fettle, and determine the VJatter of luch Payment and D .mages; and the Judgment ot Order of the faid Juttices therein lhall be final and conclufive to all Parties.

XXVIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That it lhall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Perlon or Perfons, under the Authority of this Aft, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the faid Roads, in or from any inclofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, under the Hands of Five or more of of the faid Truffees, lhall have been given to the Occupier of the Prtmifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for him or her, at his or her ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before Two Juftices of the Peace afting for the faid County, Town, or Place, where luch Premifes lhall lie, at fuch Time and Place as (hall be mentioned in luch Notice, to (hew Caufe why fuch Materials fluff not be had from fu.h Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch Occupier lhall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, luch Juffices lhall, if they think proper, authorize luch Surveyor or other Perfons to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to fuch Juftices fliall feem proper ; and it luch Occupier fliall negleft or refufe to appear by -himfeif or herlelt, or his or

• her

47° GEORGII III. Seff2. Cap. io.	169

her Agent, the faid Juftices fhall and may make fuch Order therein as they fl.all think fit, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Occupier or his Agent had attended ; and the faid Juftices fhall and may adminifter Oaths, and award Cods, in like Manner as herein-after mentioned, in Cafes of Difference in the Valuation of Lands, to be taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Power to Trultees, or any Five or more of them, to caufe the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, tube widened, altered, improved, repaired, and kept move Annoy-in Repair, when, where, i:i fuch Manner, and fo often as they, or any l ive ances, and to or more of them, (hall judge proper; and for that Purpofe it fhall be vleanfe lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Lhtc e*' c* Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons employed for that Purpofe, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the faid Roads, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw Pits, or other Pits, Buildings, Hovels, Dung, Allies, Filth, Rubbifh, or Straw, or by any other Things or Means whatfoever, and to abate, remove, take down, fill up, and carry away the fame, and convert the Materials thereof, for the Benefit of the faid Roads, and to turn any Watercourfes, Sinks, Ditches, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof * alfo to open, fcour, cleanfe, deepen, or widen any Watercourfes, Sinks,

Ditches, Drains, or Arches, adjoining or near to the faid Roads, and to cut down any Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bufhes, growing in the fame Roads, and to lop or top any Timber Trees, and to cut down, lop, or top any other Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bufhes, growing in the Hedges or Banks adjacent to the fame Roads, or within Twelve Feet of the Centre of fuch Roads, and to take and carry away the fame, and convert and difpofe thereof, for the Benefit of the faid Roads, and to reduce all Hedges running along the Sides of the faid Roads, to the Height of Eight P eer, in cafe the Perfons to whom the fame fhall belong (hall negleft to remove or abate fuch Annoyances, or to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or deepen fuch Watercouifes, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, or Arches, or to cut down, lop, top, or remove fuch Trees, Shrubs, Wood, and Bufhes, and reduce fuch Hedges, ior the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing, left at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, under the Hands of any Five or more of the faid 1 ruftees, or under the Hand of the Surveyor, or any other Perfon employed by them, in or about the faid Roads; and the Charges of removing and abaiing fuch Annovances, and of opening, fcouring, cleanfir.g, deepening, and widening fuch Watercourfes, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, and Arches, and reducing fuch Hedges,-fhall be recovered from the Perfon or Perfons negiefting fo to do, after fuch Notice as alorefaid, in fuch Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are to he recovered under this Aft ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, guilty of fuchNeglcft after fuch Notice given.flull likev.-ife for every Yard in Length of fuch W atercourfes, Drains, Ditches, and Hedges foneglefted to be opened, fcou.-ed,cleanfed, deepened, and widened, or reduced as aforefaid,forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings over and above fuch Charg-s as aforefaid, and to be recovered in Manner aforefaid ; and if any fuch Perfon fhall afterwards oSer.d in the like Manner, he or fhe fhall, for every fuch fubfequent Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings: P: ovided never* Time ofcut-tflcleLjthat noPerlqn orPetfons fhall be compelled, nor any Surveyor permit* *'"11 Hedges, ted, by virtue of this Aft, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than •&c-\Loc. &Per.~]	U u	between

1 JO

ftfialty on taking away Materials.

Power to make Caufe-ways.

Certain Lands and Buildings to be taken for the Purpofes «f the Aft.

47*GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. io.

between the laft Day nf September and the laft Dav of March; and that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to authorize or oblige any Perfon or Perfons to fell any Timber Trees growing in Hedges at any Time whatfoever. except where the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, fhall be diverted, altered, turned, or widened, or to cut down or grub up any Oak Trees growing on the Sides of the faid Road, or in anv Hedges adjoining thereto, except in the Months cf April, May, or June, or any Afh, Elm, or other Trees, in any other Months than in the Months of December, January, February, or March.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if the Owner or Occupier of any Ground or Soil, or any Perfon whomfoever, (hall take away any Materials which (hall have been dug, gathered, or ptepared for the Purpofes of this Ad ; or if any Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, (hall get or take away any Materials cut of any Pit or Quarry, which (hall have been made tor the Purpofe of getting fuch Materials, before the faid Surveyor, or his Workmen, (hall have difeontinued working therein for the Space of Forty-two Days, (except the Owner or Occupied of fuch Pit or Quarry, for his private Ufe, and not for Sale), every luch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Perfon or Perfons by them or either of them appointed or employed, may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to make, or caufe to be made, any Caufeway or Foot-path in or along the Side of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to take fo much of a Piece or Parcel of Land now ufed as a Garden, fituate on the Weftern Side of the faid Road leading from Birmingham to Lie).field, belonging to the Mafters, Fellows, and Scholars of Emanuel College, ih the Univerfity of Cambridge, in the Occupation ot Samuel Waddam, as will range in a (trait Line trom a certain Building now ufed as a Blackfmith’s Shop, fituate at or near to the Bottom of the faid Town of Sutton Coif eld, now in the Occupation of the faid Samuel Waddam or his Undertenant, to a certain Building, now ufed as a Stable, belonging to Andrew Hacket Efquire, in the Occupation of Edward Sadler Gentleman; and alfo to take fo much ot the Land belonging to the faid Warden and Society of the Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield,, at or near to the Bottom of the faid Town of Sutton Coldfield, now ufed as a Garden, and in the Occupation of Jofiph James, lying on the Eaftern Side of the faid Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield, as fhall be neceffary; and alfo to take down a certain Pig Stye or Hovel belonging ' to the faid Warden and Society, in the Occupation of Thomas Norris, and to take the Land on which the fame is erected, and fo much of the Land occupied therewith as (hall be neceflary ; and alfo to take down a certain Building occupied with and adjoining to a Mefl'uage, Cottage, or Tenement belonging to the faid Warden and Society, in the Occupation of John Farmer, adjoining to the faid laft-mentioned Land, as (hall be neceffaryj; and alfo take down fuch Part of a certajn Mefluage, Cottage, or Tenement, and Pig Stye, and to take the Land oft'which fuch Part of the laid Build-

ig'	-	'	me .. inS*

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.a. Cap. IQ.	171

Jpgs are erefted, and alfo to take fcmuch of the Land occupied therewith as (hall be neceflary, the whole of which belong to the faid Warden and Society, and are now in the Occupation of Richard Granger; alfo to take down certain Walls ereded in the Front of a certain Building ufed as a Workhoufe, and Part of a Privy occupied with the laid Workhoufe, and to take the Land on which the fame is built, and alfo the Court Yard fronting the faid laft-mentioned Road, which faid laft-mentioned Building and Land are in the Occupation of the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Pari 111 of Sutton Coldfield, and belong to them or to the faid War. den and Society; all which Five laft defcribed Melfuages, Cottages,

Buildings, Tenements, and Land are fituate in the faid Town of Sutton Goldfield, and on the Eaftern Side of the faid Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfield; alfo to take Part of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land fnuate at the upper Part of the faid Town of Sutton Coldfield, belonging to and in the Occupation of Brabins Butler, Part of w hich is ufed as a Plantation, adjoining to and abutting at the Northern End thereof to certain Cottages and Buildings next herein-after defcribed; alfo to take down Two Melfuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and four fmall Buildings adjoining thereto, heretofore ufed as Stables and Worklhops, and to take the Land cn which the faid Melfuages, Cottages, Tenements, and Builings are ereded; and alfo to take the Land now ufed as a Yard and Gardens, occupied therewith and adjoining thereto, all which faid laft-mentioned Mefluages, Cottages, or Tenements, and Land adjoin the faid Land of the faid Brabins Butler, and are fituate at or near the Top of the faid Town of Sutton Coldfield, on the Weftern Side of the faid Road leading from Birmingham to Lichfild, and which belong to the faid Warden and Society of Sutton Coldfield, and are now in the Occupation of Elizabeth Goodwin, Widow, and Abraham Cooper, their or fome or One of their Undertenants ; and alfo to take fuch Part of a certain Piece or Parcel cf Land now uled as a Garden, fituate at a Place or Hamlet called Hill, in the faid Parilh of Sutton Coldfield, as (hall be neceflary, belonging to Elizabeth Outton, Widow, and in the Occupation of William Baylifs-, and alfo to take fuch Part of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land now ufed as a Garden, fituate at Hill aforefaid, and adjoining to the laft defcribed Piece of Land, as fhall be necellary, belonging to Thomas Pratt, and in the Occupation of Richard Piercy, and to contract and agree for the fame with the feveral Owners and Occupiers thereof, and for their refpedive Interefts tncrein, under the Powers and Proviiions of this Ad herein-after contained.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That if any of the before-mentioned Premi- MiCnomers fes or the Places where they are fituaterl, or the Perlons whole Property,'Dottoprevent or in whole Pofleflion they are ftated to be, lliall happen to be inifuamed the E> coition or improperly defcribed, it fhall not prevent or rttard the making of the ofthis Roads through or over any fuch Premifes, but the fame lhall and may be

taken and ufed for the Purpofesof this Ad, in fuch and the fame Manner as, rf the fame were properly named and defcribed.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That it lhall and may be lawful Truflecs may for the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby contract fur authorized and empowered from Time to Time as they (hall think proper, Purcb»li»g to widen, divert, turn, vary, or alter the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts Xar‘d'

of the Roads comprized in this Ad, and that any Variation of Road may

«	be

172

Where Per-Tons negledl or refute to treat, Damages to be fettled by a

J ■

47° GEORGII 111. Seff.2. Cap. to.

be of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Wafte Ground, without making any Satisfaftion for the fame, and throuch any private or inciofed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, firfl making Satisfaftion to the Owners thereof, and to the Perfons interefted therein, for the Damages they may fuftain thereby ; and it /hall be lawful for the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time aflem-bled at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden under this Aft, to contraft and agree with the Owners of or Perfons interefted in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchafe or Exchange thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage fuch Owners or Perlons may fuftain by widening and diverting, turning, fhortening, varying, and altering the Courfeor Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads through fuch Lands and Hereditaments; and it fhall be lawful for all fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, t.cclefiaftical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Truftees, and Committees, not only for and on the Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeflors, but alfo for and on the Behalf of their infant Wards, Ceftuique Trufts, Lunatics, Idiots, or Perfons of unfound Memory and TJnderftanding, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or fhall be feifed or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who are or fhall be feized or pcf-fefled of or interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, to con i raft with the f?id Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaftion to be made for fuch Damages as aforefaid, or to fell and convey unto them, or anv Five or more of ihent, any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or any Parc thereof, for any of the Purpofes aforefaid ; and all Contrafts, Sales, or Conveyances which (hall be made in Writing, and fealed and delivered by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, in purfuance of any Order or Orders at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden under this Aft, (hall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding; and all fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, F.cclefiaftical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Truftees, Committees, and all other Pcrf< ns, liiall be and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue o( this Aft: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Truftees to take or make ufe of for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, or in any wife injure or damage, any Houle or Building, or any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Plantation, or Nurfery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any Houfe, unlefs the Owner or Proprietor thereof (hall confent thereto; fave and except any Houfe or Building, or any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Plantation, or Nurfery of Trees, or any Walk of Trees, or Avenue to any Houfe, by this Aft authorized to be token or made ufe of.

XXXV.	And be it fuither enafted. That if any fuch Bodies Politic, Ecclefiaftical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Truftees, Committees, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, of left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, or other Place or Place-s of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Body Politic, Corporate, Ecclefiaftical, or Civil, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Poffeflion of the I,ands or Hereditaments through which any Part of fuch Roads is to be diverred, turned, or altered, lhall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after fuch Notice given or left, itegleft or refute to tr?at, or (hall not .gree in the Premifes, or by realou

i of

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. io.

qf Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall caufe fuch Damage or Recompence to be enquired into and afcertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County wherein fuch Lands fliall lie, and in order thereto the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occafion (hall be, to fum-mon and call before fuch Jury, and examine on Oath, any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter); and fuch Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall by ordering a View, or otherwife, ufe all fuch Ways and Means as well for their own as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury (hall have enquired of and aflef-fed fuch Damages or Recompence, they the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury, to be paid to the faid Owners and other Petfons interefted in fuch Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquifition of fuch Jury ; which Verdift or Inquifition and Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon, (hall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Perfons whomfoever claiming or to claim in Poffeftion, Revrrfion, Remainder, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well abfent as preferit, Infants, Femes Covert,Lunaticks,Idiots, or Perfons under any Difability whatfoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Perfons whomfoever; and for fummening and returning fuch Jury, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County wherein fuch Lands (hall lie, requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return Twenty-four Perfons qualified to i'erve on Juries, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants (hall be appointed ; and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo fummoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall and they are hereby empowered and required to draw, by Ballot, and to fwear, or caufe to be fworn. Twelve Men, who (hall be the Jury for the Purpoles aforefaid; and in Default of a fuffieient Number of Jurymen fo returned, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the laid Truftees, fhall return other honed: and indifferent Men, of the Standers-by, or that may be fpeedily procured, to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned (hall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn; and the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall have Power from Time to Time to impofeany reafonable Fine or Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons who (hail be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and who Ihall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fworn (hall refufe to give, or Ihall not give a Verdict, or fliall in any other Manner wilfully neglcft their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury (hall refufe or neglect to appear, or appearing fliall refufe to be fworn or examined or give Evi-[Lk. (s? Per.]	X	x	dence.

i/4

Owners of Land ufed in making a new Hoad to have the firft Offer of the old Road.

How Ex-pences of the Jury (hall be paid.

47° GEORGII IIL SclV. 2. Cap. 10.

clence, fo as that no fuch Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Perfon for one Offence.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That wherever the Courfe of any Part of the faid Roads fhall be altered by this Aft, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchale of fuch old Road fhall be firft made to the Owner of fuch adjoining Land which fhall be cur and ufed for the Purpofe of making fuch new Road; and in cafe fuch Owner fhall be defirous of becoming the Pur-chafer of fuch old Road, and cannot agree with the faid Truflees for the Price to be paid for the Purchale of the fame, and fuch Owner fhall ftill be defirous of becoming the Purchafer thereof, then and in fuch Cafe the Value thereof fhall be fettled and afcertained by a Jury, in fuch and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this Aft is direfted to be fettled and afcertained in and by this Aft, and fuch Owner fhall be deemed the Purchafer thereof at the Sum to be afcertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in cafe fuch Owner fhall refufe to pay fuch Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treafurer or Clerk to the Truflees and Tender of the Conveyance of fuch old Road, the lame fhall and may be recovered by the faid Truflees by Aftion of Debt in airv of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVefimin/ler; and in cafe any fuch Owner fhall not agree or fhall refufe to purchafe any fuch old Road, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons (not interefted in the Premifes) to make an Affidavit, to be fworn before a Mafter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where fuch old Road fhall lie, flating that fuch Offer has been made by or onBehalf of the laid Truftees, and that fuch Owner has not agreed or has refufed to purchafe fuch old Road (as the Cafe may be); and fuch Affidavit fhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to or refufed by fuch Owner: Provided never-thelefs, that if the Lands of Two or more Perfons fhall be taken for any l'uch new Road as aferefaid, each and every fuch Owner fhall be entitled to the firft Offer of fo much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land refpeclively in Manner aforefaid: Provided alfo, that if fuch Owner or Owners refpeftivcly fhall be willing and confent to take fuch old Road in Exchange for fuch new Road, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Tr. flees, and they are hereby required to affure the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof figned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, which Copy fhall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit 'n Law or Equity.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Jury (hall give in or deliver a Verdift or Affeffment for more Money, as a Recotnpence for the Right, Intereft, or Propetty of any Perfon or Perfons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by them fuflained, than what fhall have been agreed and offered by the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the fummoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recomputes and Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, and Property, or Lois or Damage as aforefaid, or for lefs Money than fhall have been offered to be

•accep’i-d

*75

47,GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 10.

accepted or taken on Behalf of the faid Truftees, as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and returning the Jury and Witneffes fhall be borne and paid by theTreafurer to the faid Truftees, out of the Money-in his Hands to atife by virtue of this ACt; but if any fuch Jury (hall give and deliver a VerdiCt or Afleffment for no more or lefs Money than ihall have been offered by or on the Eehalf of the faid Truftees, before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, lntcreft, or Property, or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, or for the fame or any more Money than (hall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every Inch Cafe the full Colls and Expences of fummoning and returning the faid Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Difference Ihall be borne and paid by the Peri'on or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees fhall have fuch Controverfy or Difpute; which Did Coils and Expences having been afeertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace not inte-retled in the Matter in queflion (who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after fummoning the Parties interefted therein to attend hint for that Purpofe) fltali and may bt deducted out of the Money fo affeffed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Money fhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpoles, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sunt or Sums fo affeffed or adjudged ; or otherwife fuchCofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, maybe recovered by the Clerk to the faid Truftees by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfoas fhall, by Reafon of Abfence, have been prevented front treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every fuch Sum or Sums of Money, Confideration, Recompence, and Satisfaction to be agreed for, or afeertained or affeffed as aforefaid fhall be paid out of the Tolls, oroi,t of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Act, accord ng to the DireCt ons herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England, or, as the Cafe may require, to the Parties or Perfons refpeCtively entitled to fuch Monies, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to fuch Perfons or their Agents, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the lame in the Hands of the Treafurer or Trcafurcrs to tie faid Truftees, for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons, and after Thirty Days Notice thereof given to fuch Parties or Perfons or their Agents, to receive fuch Money, Confideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to extend, widen, divert, or turn the faid Road through or over fuch I.ands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every ACt, Matter, or Thing, with relation to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them fhall think fit; and the faid f ruflees, or any Five or more of them, fhall caufe fuch Parts of the faid Road as fhall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any private Grounds, to be ditched or

otherwife

Money agreed upon or affeffed for Lands how to be paid and tendered.

>76	47	°GEORGII	III.	Sell. 2. Cap. 10.

othervvife fenced from the adjoining Lands, in fuch Manner as the faid Trudees, or any Five or more of them, (hall direft; and all Lands and Hereditaments which {hall be made a Part or Parts of the faid Roads by virtue of this Act, fhall, to all Intents and Purpofes, be deemed a common Highway, and be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Aft, and (hall be repaired and kept in Repair, by fuch Ways and Means and in fuch Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair, and after fuch Lands (hall be made Part of the faid Roads as aforefaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or conftituting the former Road, in lieu whereof fuch Lands or Grounds (hall be purchafed as aforefaid, (hall (after fuch Offer and Refufal as hereinbefore mentioned) be fold by the faid Trudees to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be willing to become a Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, for the bed Price that can reafonably be had or gotten for the fame, and the Convevance thereof being executed by the faid Trudees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Warwick, (hall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Application XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That the Money to arife from the fatiWwSum Sale °‘ any Farids, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be purchafed exceeding for 'he Purpofes of this Aft, of any Body Corporate, Ecclefiadical or 20QI.	Civil,	Corporation	Aggregate	or	Sole, not having the Power to fell without

the Authority of this Aft, Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, Committees, or other Trudees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Pesfons or Perfon, (hall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Tiudees for executing this Aft, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Di-reftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be ftgnified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorife to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Iiereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame fiiall be laid out and inveded, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whith lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Truds Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchadd, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fiiall be exiding undetermined or capable of raking Effeft; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Monies (hall, by order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inveded by the (aid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchaleof Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fiiall be ordered by the faid Court *	to

J77

47° GEORGII III. SefT.a. Cap. 10.

to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the laid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, fhall from I inie to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or P, rfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo hereby diiecled to be purchaled, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money Applicatbit fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-taments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Pur poles aforefaid, and belong- a a ixcenir.f ing to any luch Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fliall be lels than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchaled, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Pi ivity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore direfted, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truflees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Truftees for executing this Aft, or any Five or more of them (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approv ng Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereoo, may be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch ^f^**^0* Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be 20it * lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the 'l ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commi'tee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

XL1I. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons inci&otnot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded fur the Purchafe of Tjt'j “‘a out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of ' ’ this Aft, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fliall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftee , or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Per Ions to whom fuch or ,f Pofons Sum or Sums of Money ’hall be lo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, 'e or if ihe Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Here- Bui-cieifc ditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it i.aoiae fhall and may f e lawful to and for the ‘aid Trultees, or any Five or more i of them, ro order the laid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded, to be [Los. is1 Ptr. J	Ty	paid

i7'8

Subject to the Or.ler of the Ci-urt of Chancery c M ion cr Penliv>ik-

Refpectinjj

•Jifouteil

Title*.

Court °t ,

Chancery to direct the Payment of JCxjKllCCS.

47* GE ORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. ro.

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parries interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing thenf] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which Lid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and t order Diftributiori thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Couit (hall feem juft and reai’onable ; and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receiptsfor fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what nd for w hofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XL1II. Provided always,and be it further enafted, That where any Quef-ticn fhall arife touching theTitleof any Perlon to any Money tobe paid into theBankof£«j/rt/jt/, inthcName and withthePrivityof the Accountant Ge-neral.of the Court ofChancery, in purfuance ofthis Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any iuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Polleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to iuch Pofleflion, until the contrary fhafl be fhewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchaied with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fame other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Dilability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, emitted to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the laid Court to order the Expencrs of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonablc, together with the neceflaiy Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Trultees, or any

Five

179

47* GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. io.

Five or more of them, who (hail from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money fur fuch Purpofes as the laid Court (hall direft.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truit^iMnay Trullees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to caufe sto«e«,"&c. the laid Roads to be meafured, and Stones or Polls to be placed in or near the Sides of the faid Roads, with Infcriptions thtreon, denoting the Number of Miles and Diftance ofPlaces, as they (hall think proper ; and Penalty for de. if any Perfon or Perfons (hall wilfully pull up or damage any Direftion f'“"nsthem‘ Pod or Mile Stone, erefted or fixed, or to be erefted or fixed, in or near the Side of the faid Roads, or (hall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks infcribed thereon ; or if any Perfon (hall ride upon any Footpath or Caufeway adjoining to or made on the Side of or upon the faid Roads, or (hall drive any Horfe, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or (hall caufe any Damage to be done to any fuch Footpath or Caufeway j or if any Perfon (nail hale or draw, or caufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Roads any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (otherwife than upon wheeled Carriages) or (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which (hall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the laid Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the faid Roads, (hall fuffer the fame to root up or damage the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences,

Hedges, Bankings, or Copfe, on either Side thereof j or if any Perfon or PeTons (hall leave or fuffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beall, to be and remain lot-lie on the faid Roads; or if any Perfon driving any Coach, Chaife,

"Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the faid Roads and meeting another Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, (hall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the faid Roads., or if any Perfon lhall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perfon or Perlons from palling him or them upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his or their Care ; or if any Perfon (hall make or aflift in making any Fire or Fires whatfoever, or (hall fet fire to, or let eft", or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Firework whatloever, on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads ; or if any Perfon or Perlons (hall leave any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on any Part of the faid Roads, without fufficient Caufe, or longer than tnay be neceflary to load or unload the fame, either with or without any Horfe or Bead of Draught harnelfed or yoked thereto, or (hall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung,

Manure, Soil, Rubbi(h, or other Matter or Thing whatfoever, on any Part of the faid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of any Perfon or Perfons travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Penaltyon ok. affault, interrupt, or hinder, or caufe to be aflaulted, interrupted, or Ex-aHonof hindered, any Colleftor of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, of this ah. any other Perfon or Perfons by them, or any of them, or by the faid Truf-cees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Aft, every luch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVII. Pro-

Pc f m

clnr Kc-ahlf (o u»cr IVvik ro continue lo.

JnfllCfS to ♦leret mine X) fie enees r«-i.ch»iu. ^l.u'ute Woxk.

47" GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. io.

XLVII. Provided always, and bo it enafted, That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be

chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby direfted to be made, widened, and tepaired, or any Part thereof, (hall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore ; and ic (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Warwick, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them bv the faid Truftees appointed or to be appointed underand by virtue of this Aft, or by theirClerk or Surveyor, by thftr Order yeaily to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work lhall every Year, be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes or Places in which the laid Roads lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every lucli Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Statute Work as aforefald, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the laid Trultees or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Jullices, from Time to Time, to fum-mon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh cr Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juitices, at feme Place to be ex-preffed in fuch Summons, within Ten Days alter the ferving of fuch Summons, of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place, are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing me Nature of the Work to be done, whether with T earns or Draught, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as is, are, or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repairs of the publick Highways j and out of fuch Lifts the (aid Juflices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to co fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads, as the faid Juflices (hall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint ; and the faid Juflices fhall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be lufjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the laid Juflices fhall think proper, to the laid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid juflices dial! direct ; and in Default of Pay ment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the ref-peftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Aft authorized or direfted to be recovered ; and each and every Perlon who lhall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforef id alter Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at Ins, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpole by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall, for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or l earns. Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, or Beaft or Bealls, to be piovidcd by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch Perfou or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any 6	Law

47° GEORG 11 III Setf.2. Cap. 10.	x.Si

Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or lha.i be ltnr with any Team or Draught to %votk on the laid Reads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truffees, fitch Surveyor is hereby ctnp wered to remove and turn off the Perl'on who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be • fubjeft and liable to the refpe&ive Forfeitures and Payment? aforefaid, as if he had negiefted or refilled to com., or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on anv Pan ct he laid Roads, ail which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to me faid Truffees, and applied towatus the amending rhe faid P.uads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highwa>s, for any of the faid P„rilhes or Places, lhall refufe or wilfully legledt to give in fuch Lids as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly or wilfully g:ve in falfe or imperfeft Lids, every fuch Surveyor 1 > offending -lh I, for tv-iy fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLVIi And be it further cnadted. That it lhall and may be lawful to t. iiftees mar and for the .aid Truffees appointed and to be appointed under and by v*r**st«utcv.\rk, ti e ot Adf, to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons,

Bud it' iJ	:ck or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done

on the i i Roads, or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any any - of the Panfhes and Places in which the faid Roads lhall lie and be lituiie, tor a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwife, as the faid Tru (hall think rcafonable, in htu of tf.e Whole, or of any Part cf the S ate or other Work to be by all or any of the laid Inhabitants and Occufd ; done on the faid Roac.; which Compofition Money fiiall always t. paid by the Suiveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer oi cue Parilh, or by the Perfons fo compounding ro the Treafurer of he laid Truffees in advance, on or befote the Twenty-ninth Dav of September in each and every Year, or other wife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parilh or Place, lhall not be permitted to compound for tha. Year.

XLIX. And whereas Offences may be committed again!! this Aft by Forte urin» Periods unknown to the Truffees, Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers f'rA",1<^t °;* appointed to put this Aft in Execution ; be it further enafted. That it cn’c‘s lhall be lawful for the faid Truffees, Colledors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpeftively, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they (hall call to his or their Alliftance, without any Warrant or other Authority than tins Act, to ffize and detain any luch unknown Prrion or i erfons who lhall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Jultice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Off'.' ces lhall be committed, and fuch Juffice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining ol the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Potions fo offending to give Securj.y tor his,' her, or their Appearance at the next Petty StiEon ro be hold, n within or for the County, Place, or Biffrft in which lucti Offeree or Offences have been committed, to anfvver the faid Complain: ; and the Juftices prel nt at fuch Petty Seffion, or any Two or more ot them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the 1 aid Comr.lauu in a fummarv WaV, and upon Cm.rlftfi u ILoc. & Per.]	Zz	.	cl

182

Form of Conviction.

IVnaities how to be ree<» vered and applied*

470 GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 10.

of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Jullice before whom lie, fhe, or they lhall be firft taken, or by the Juffices at Inch Petty Seflion as aforefaid, it (ball be lawful for fuel) Juftice or Juftices refpe&ively to commit him, her, or them, to the Gaol or Hcufe of Correction for the faid County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unlefs he, (lie, or they (hall fooner pay the refpettive Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cods and Charges attending the Convidion and Commitment.

L. And be it further enaded, That for the more fpeedy Convidion of Offenders againft this Ad, all and every the Juftice and Juft ices ot the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convided of any Offences againft this Ad, (hall and may caufe the Convidion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Cafe (hail happen) or in any other Form of Words to the fame Eft’ed :

County of 7 <	;t	remembered, That on the	Day	of

c XJ	jn	tpje	Year	of	the	Reign	of

*	His prefent Majefty, A. B. is convided before me [cr, usj	of

*	His Majelty’s juftices of the Peace for the County of	by

*	virtue of an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty feventh Year of the

*	Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [here fet

*	forth the 'Title of this Ad, and fpecify the Offence, and Time and Place ‘ it. hen and where the fame was committed, as the fame may be.~\ Given ‘ under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and

*	Year aforefaid.’

LI. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflided or authorized to be impofed (if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof be not herein otherwife direded) (hall, upon Proof of the Offences refpedively before any One Juftice of the Peace for the Countv or Place wherein the Offender (hall be and refide, either by the Confeffmn of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witileffes, be levied by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant for thofe Purpoi’es); and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, are recovered and deduded, lhall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and the Penalties, Forieitu.es, and Fines, when paid and recovered (if not otherwife directed to be applied by this Aft) (hall be from Time to Time paid to the Trealurer of the faid Truflees, and applied for the Purpofes of this Act; and in cafe fufffeient Diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, it lhall be lawful for any One Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Gaol or Houfe ot Correction for the County or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and all reafonable Charges, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

5

LIT. Pro-

47* GEORGII III. Se/T. 2. Cap. 10.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuanceof this Aft, and for which no Method of Relief hath been already appointed, fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juflices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County of Warwick, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of fuch Complaint lhal! have arifen, fuch Appellant full: giving or caufing to be given Eight Days Notice at leaft in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance belore a Juftice of the Peace for fuch County or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay fuch Colls as fhall be awarded by the Juflices at fuch Quarter Seffions ; and the faid Juflices at fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of luch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of entering into tuch Recognizance, fliall hear and fit. ally determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Colls to the Parties appealing or appealed againft as they the faid Juflices fliall think proper ; and the Determination of luch Quarter Seffions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes j and the faid Juflices at fuch Seffions may alfo, by their Order or Warrant, levy fuch Colts fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale ot the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons who fliall refufe or negleft to pay the fame ; and for want of fufficient Diftrefs commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the ft id County of Warwick, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of fuch Coft=.

LIII. And be it further enafted, That no Order made touching or concerning any cf the Matters in this Aft contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft this Aft, fliall be quaflied for want ofForm, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Coutts of R cord at Wejlminfter; and where any Diftrefs fliall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the DiftrTs itfelf fliall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a 1 rcfpaflfer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeft or Dftefts, or \\ ant of Form in the Summons, Conviclion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other P oceeding relating thereto, nor lhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a 1 relpaffer or Trefpaffei s, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which fliall be afterwards done by theParty or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage (if any) in an Aftion upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fliall recover in any Aftion for fuch Irregularity as aforefaid, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party diftraining, before fuch Aftion brought,

LTV. And be it further enafted. That no Aftion or Suit fliall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, until after Thirty Days Notice thereof fliall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, nor after a fufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved,' nor after Six Calendar Months Notice next after the Faft committed ; and

every

1S3

Perrons ag-giicvet* in-*y yiu>al to the Quarter Sel-

iivns.

Proceedings not to be q iadifd for van: of Form,

Limitation of At turns.

184

For compel* ling bu-icii he 18 !o pay their Sublet iptions.

Publick Act.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 10.

every fuch Aftion fhall be laid and tried in the County of Warwick, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in eveiy luch Action or Suit flial! and may [dead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in purfuancc and by the Authority of this Aft j and if it lliall appear that the fain- was fo done, or thrtfuch Aftion or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof had been given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Smisfaftion had been made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the l ime limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or it fuch Aftion fhall be brought in any other County than as arorefaid, then the Jurv fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Aftions after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Coils, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cafe by Law.

LV. And be it further enafted. That the feveral and refpeftive Per-fons who have fubferibed Money for and towards the making of the laid Roads, fhall, and they are hereby requiied to pay the Sum or Sums of Money fo fubferibed, within fuch Time and Times and in fuch Parts and Proportions as the faid Truftees fhall from Time to Time order and direft, and the fame fhall be paid to fuch Perfon orPcrfons as the faid Truftees fhall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the fame, and if any Perfon or Pcrfons fhall negleft or refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to fue for and recover the fame in the Name of the laid Truftees, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, in any of Hi? Majefty’s Courts of Record, by Aftion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efl'oign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being lpecially pleaded.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall commence and take place upon the Day of the pafling thereof, and fhall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majeftv. 1807.

t

1!

1

11

ad

ml

4

its

M,

ieot

Hi!

itb;

:iio3,

saei

of»

gSt>

«»•

■ceiK

L#

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seffi 2.	.	L	■:

****»*-****#»*******************************■-*********

Cap. 11.

An Ad for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon.	[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Roads from the Weft End of the 'Bndgeof Dumbarton, leading into the County of Argyle, and the weftern Highlands and Wands of Scotland are very incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, enlarged, and made paffaBle, and the Bridges thereon, or which may be neceffary over the River Liven, in the faid County, to communicate therewith, cannot be built arid kept in good Repair, according to the ordinary Courfe and Method appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm : May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, That it may be enadted ; and be it enacted by the King’s rnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon who is or Ihall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the aftual Poffeflion and Enjoyment of the Life-rent or Fee of the Dominium Utile of Lands lying in the Parifhes through which the faid Roads fhall pafs, and valued in the Tax Rolls of the County, to the extent of One Hundred Pounds Scots, per Annum ; and the Eldeft Son of fuch Perfon, being the Heir Apparent to fuch Propertv, in the Abfenceof his Father, the Member of Parliament for the County tor the Time being, and the Provoft of the Town of Dumbarton for the Time being ; and every Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, refiding in the Parifhes through which the faid Roads ihall pafs, fhall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Truftees, for the furveying, altering, making, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair the faid feveral Roads and Bridges leading from the welt End of the Bridge of Dumbarton along the River Clyde, Gareloch, and Lochlong, to a Place called New Tarbet, and from the faid weft End of the faid Bridge of Dumbarton along the River Leven, and a Part of Lochlomond, to the School Houfe at ILoc. if Per.]	3 B	Lufs,

Truftees.

190

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Quorum.

Times of

Meeting.

Determination at a general Meeting not to be altered.

Tower ta tre£l Turn-pikes,

and !:vy

Tells.

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 11.

Lufs, and the Roads communicating betwixt the faid two Lines of Road, and for building and maintaining a Bridge or Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Wood acrofs the River Leven, at or near Bulloch and Bonhill, and,making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Pafiages to the fame, and for- putting in Execution all the other Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted refpefting the faid Roads.

II.	Provided always, That if any Perfon not qualified as aforefaid, fhall prefume to aft as aTruftee, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, every Perfon fo prefuming to aft fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed, and the Proof of Qualification lhall lie upon the Perfon complained of.

III.	And be it enacted. That Three of the faid Trudees fhall be a Quorum, and that any Three or more of them, being duly affembled, fhall be held to cOnftitute a General Meeting.

IV- And be it enafted, That the faid Trudees fhall meet in Dumbarton, on the Firft Tuefday of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feven, or as foon after the faid Day as conveniently maybe, and thereafter yearly upon the Bird Tuefday of June, for the Purpofe of putting this Aft into Execution ; and may at-fuch Meetings, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfelves to fuch Times and Places as the faid Trudees, at fuch lad Meeting, diall think proper, without Prejudice to their Meeting fooner, if there fhall be Occafion, upon Notice by any Three of their Number, or by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Trudees, advertifed in one Glafgow Newspaper, or Dumbarton Newfpaper, when there fhall be one, Fourteen Days at lead before the Day of fuch Meeting, for the Purpofe of putting this Aft into Execution; and at all Meetings held under this Aft, the Trudees fhall defray their own Expences.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no Determination of the faid Trudees, at any annual General Meeting affembled, fhall be annulled, varied, or altered, by any fubfequent adjourned Meeting or Meetings called by Advertifement as aforefaid, unlefs fuch fubfequent General Meeting lhall be called by Advertifement as aforefaid, Fourteen Days previous to the Meeting, at the Defire and fubferibed Requifition of not lefs than Three in Number of the faid Trudees, and unlefs fuch Summons fhall contain a Specification of fuch former Refolution of the Trudees therein propoled to be brought under Review, and unlefs a Majority of fuch Trudees at fuch Meeting fo to be called fhall agree to annul, vary, or alter, fuch Determination.

VI.	And be it enafted, That the faid Trudees at a general Meeting affembled diall and may ereft orcaufe to be erefted a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on or acrofs any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, or anv Lane or Road branching off from the one Line of Road to the other, and upon the faid Bridges, and alfo fuch Number of Toll-Houfes upon the Sides of the faid Roads and Bridges, and may caufe to be demanded at each and every of the faid Gates or Turnpikes, a Sum not exceeding the Rates and Duties hereinafter fpecified, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calafh, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatl'oever 4	fhall

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. n.

fhail he permitted to pafs through the fame, videlicet; For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calaih, Chaife, or Hearfe, or other fuch Carriage, drawn bv Six or more Horfes, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling ; and drawn by Four Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling ; and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Six Pence Sterling; for every Waggon, Wain, ('art, or other Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and SixPence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horfes, Oxen, or other Beadsof Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horfes, t >xen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence Sterling ; and drawn by Two Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Six Pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of ThreePence Sterling; forevery Horfe Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling ; forevery Drove of Horfes or Fillies, unlhod, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or leder Number; for every Drove of Oxen and Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling per Score, and fo in Proportion tor any greater or leder Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Six Pence Sterling per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or leder Number.

VII.	Provided always, That every Carriage drawn on Wheels which /hall prefent a dat Surface of the Breadth of Five Inches or more in the Tread or Fellies, and the hind Wheels whereof alfo prelenting a fiat Surface, fhail roll in a different Track from the fore Wheels, and which Carriage fliall not be drawn by more than Eight Horfes or other Beads of Draught, fhail pafs through all the Gates or Turnpikes to be ere&ed by virtue of this Aft, on Payment of One-Half of the Tolls or Duties levied at the faid Gates or Turnpikes.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon or Perfons having Occafion to pafs through any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erefted upon or acrofs the Roads aforefaid, where the aforefaid Tolls or Duties are or fhail he taken, may and fhail on Demand, be furnifhed with a Note or Ticket,Notes or Tickets, fignifying the Payment of fuch Toll or Duty, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, fhail enable the faid Perfon or Perfons to pals through any other Turnpike or Turnpikes within the Didance of Six Miles from the Turnpike where the faid Perlon or Perfons received fuch Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets as aforefaid, (excepting always fuch Gates or Turnpikes as fliall be erected on the fide Roads or Bridges^ aforefaid,) without being liable or compelled to pay th,e laid Tolls or Duties more than once for palling through tne laid Turnpike or Turnpikes, and returning the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the fucceeding Night, with the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel-Carriage, or with the lame Horfe, Afs or other Bead, or Cattle; but in cafe the lame Stage Coach or other Carriage travelling for Hire, or the fame Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch

Carriage,

191

Rates of Tolls.

Provifo as to Carriages with broad Wheels.

Pafs Tickets.

47° GEORG 11 III. Scff. 2. Cap. n.

Carriage, Horfe, Afs, or other Bead, or Cattle, fliall pafs the Turnpike or Turnpikes with a new Loading a Second or inoi^i Times, they lhall in that Cafe be fubjefted to pay the Tolls for each Time they fhall l'o pafs, in the fame Manner as they did the Firft Time.

dif )0i',ntr of	-And enafted, That if any Collector of the faid Tolls or Duties,

pafi Tickets. ft>aH fell, or fraudulently difpofe of any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, to any Perfon or Per Ions; or if any Perlbn or Perfons, having paid the Tolls or Duties by this Act impofed, and having received a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, fignifying the Payment thereof, lhall give or difpofe of the fame, to any other Perfon or Perfons, in order to avoid Payment of the faid Tolls and Duties, every fuch Collector, or other Perfon giving or difpofing thereof, and the Perfons receiving the fame, being convicted thereof by voluntary Confedion, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before One or more Juftice or Julfices of the Peace of the faid County or where the Offender fha.ll be or refide, lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

Preventing X. And be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons owning, renting, TuT m 0t or occuPy*nS any Lands or other Premifes, fliall, knowingly and willingly, permit and fuffer any Perfon or Perfons to pafs over the fame, or through any Gate, Paffage, or Way, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horfe, Afs, or other Cattle, for the Purpofe of evading Payment of the faid Tolls or Duties, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and the Perfon or Perfons driving fuch Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, Ilorfe, Afs, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof by voluntary Con-feflion, and by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, before One or more of His Majefly’s Julfices of the Peace of the faid County, or where the Offender lhall be or relide, lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay to the faid Trultees a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling

Exemptions. XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll or Duty lhall be demanded or taken at any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, for or in refpeft of any Horfes or Carriages which lhall be employed in carrying Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the Roads and Bridges by this Aft intended to be made, repaired, or built, or any of the Cauleways within or belonging to the fame, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for carrying through any of the faid Turnpikes from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the fame Farm, Dung, or other Manure, Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hulbandry, Carts, Wains, or other Carriages, laden with Flay, Corn, or Straw, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for Horfes, Geldings, or Cattle .of any kind, going to or returning from Watering Places of the fame Farm, or goingtoSmithies, forthe purpofe of being Ihoed, or returning therefrom, nor for any Horfes or Carriages of any Defcription, carrying any Perfon or Perfons attending the Funeral of any Perfon who lhall die and be buried within the Parilh, or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or upon any other his parochial or minifterial Duty upon a Sunday, or ou any Day on which Divine Service

is

I 92

Pcil3ltv on

i93

47° GEORG 11 III. SelT. 2. Cap. n.

is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or carrying any Perfon to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of Religious Worfhip, belonging to, or fituated within, the Parilh where fuch Pei fon refides, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed ; nor for any Horfes or Carriages of any Defcription, employed, or to be employed, in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority ofHis Majefty’s Poft-Mafter-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; nor for the Horfes of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March, or on Duty; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or difabled Officers and Soldiers, nor for any Horfes furnifned by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry,or Volunteer Cavalry, androde by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons be dreffed in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption ; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants feni with legal Paffes; and if any Perfon fhall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XII.	And be it enacted, That the faid Truflees, affembled as aforefaid, Additional fhall and may, from and after the palling of this Aft, levy, or caufe to be

levied, demanded, or taken at the feveral Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate Carriages, or Gates, to be erefted on or acnofs the laid Roads or Lanes branching off from the fame, before any Waggon, Waiii, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by One or more than One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft of Draught, pafs through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught therein, fhall amount to Twenty Hundred Weight and upwards,and not.exceeding Thirty Hundredweight, the Fellies of the Wheels of which (hall not prefeht a flat Surface to the Ground, and fhall not meafure Five Inches in Breadth at leaft, Double the Tolls and Duties which the faid Tfuftees are empowered to levy as aforefaid ; and before any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by One, or more than One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft of Draught pafs through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Draught, therein, fhall exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Fellies of the Wheels of which fhall not prefent a flat Surface to the Ground, and fhall not meafure Seven Inches in breadth at leaft. Treble the Tolls and Duties which the faid Truftees are empowered to levy as aforefaid; and the Toll or Duty on fuch Carriages is hereby declared not to be a Penalty, but the juft and fair Toll-Duty on fuch Carriages.

XIII.	And be it enacted, That all Perfons travelling the faid Road with Carriages to Carriages or Carts fhall (when required by the faid Truftees, or any Per- be weighed^ fon to be appointed by them), allow the Fellies of the Wheels of their &c-Carriages or Carts to be ineafured, and fhall weigh their Carriages or Carts

at Steelyards or other Engines for weighing to be erefted by the faidTruftees (which they are hereby empowered to ereft on the faid Road or Sides of the fame); and in cafe of Refufal, the faid Truftees, or Perfons to hP [Lee. isf Per.J	3 C	appointed

47* GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 11.

Collector of the Tolls.

Penalty on refuting to pay Tolls.

appointed by them, are hereby required and empowered to levy for the faid Carriages or Carts, Treble the Tolls and Duties which by this Aft they are empowered as aforefaid to levy on Carts and other Carriages, before the faid Carts or other Carriages {hall pafs through the Turnpike or '1 urn-pikes on the faid Roads; and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truf-tees at a General Meeting affembled, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon or Perfons to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negleft or refufe to pay the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Jullice or Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, or where the Offenders fhall be or refide, upon Application of the faid Truftees or Perfons to be appointed by them to levy the faid Tolls, and to fine the faid Perfon or Perfons refufing to pay the fame, in a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and to levy fuch Fine in Manner herein-after mentioned for the Ufe and Purpofes of this Aft.

Application XIV. And be it further enafted, That the Monies to be raifed and col-mes ^	^ lefted upon the faid Roads fhall, and the fame are hereby declared to be

verted in the faid Truftees, and the fame, and every Part thereof, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and afligned to and for the feveral Ufes and Purpofes by this Aft direfted, and to no other Purpofe whatfoever, (the reafonable Charges expended, or that fhall be paid in or about, or by reafon of parting this Aft, being firft dedufted and paid); and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or fuch Perfons as they at a General Meeting affembled fhall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the refpeftive Tolls or Duties herein-before granted and made Tolls may be payable; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negleft or refufe to pay the i"j-fbyDir' fame or any Part thereof, the laid Truftees are hereby empowered by themfelves, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they fhall authorize and appoint fo;; that Purpofe, to levy the faid Tolls or Duties by Diftrefs of any Horfe or Horfes, or other Cattle or Carriages upon which fuch Tolls or Duties are by this Aft impofed, or the Loading, Harnefs, or Accoutrements of any fuch Horfe or Cattle, or the Goods or Chattels of any fuch Perfon or Perfons neglecting or refufing to pay the fame, and to detain fuch Horfe or Horfes, Cattle or Carriages fo diftrained, until the faid Tolls or Duties, with the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, fhall be paid ; but in cafe the fame fhall not be paid within the Space of Three Days after fuch Diftrefs fhall be made and taken, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Perfon or Perfons fo diftraining after the faid Space of Three Days, to appraife and fell whatever fhall be fo diftrained by public Roup, at the Turnpike or Toll-Houfe where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus (if any be) on Demand to the Proprietors, after deducting fuch Tolls or Duties, and the reafonable Charges of diftraining, appraifing, keeping, and felling the fame.

Footpaths. XV. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be in the Power of the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting affembled, to order Foot Paths to be made upon the Sides of the faid Roads; and where fuch Foot Paths fhall be fo made, no Perfon or Perfons fit all ride, or drive, or cauie any Horfe, Beaft, Cattle, or Carriage, to travel along the faid Foot Paths, otherwife fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XVI. And

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. n.	*95

XVI.	And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every

of the Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll-Houfes, and Steelyards, or other l .n- vefted’in gines for weighing, which fliall be erefted and built upon or on the Skies of Truftees. the faid Road by virtue of this Aft, fliall be, and are hereby veiled in the faid Truftees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from liine to Time to difpol'e.thereof as they fliall think proper, or to bring Aftions, or to prefer Bills of Indictment in their Names, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treahm.rs, for the lime being, againft any Perfon or Perfons who fliall maliciouflv break down, pull up, or otherwise deftroy, injure, or damage any of the lai 1 Gates or 1 urnpikes, or any Poll, Rails, Chains, Bars, or other Works, or any of the loll-Hcufes or Bridges to be erefted in purfuance of this Aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the faid Truftees at any Tolls may be of their General Meetings, may, and they are hereby authorized and era- reduced, powered, from Time to Time, to order and direft the Tolls or Duties

hereby granted and made payable, to be collected, received, and taken in fuch Parts and Portions, under the Reftriftions herein-before mentioned; and all'o with the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons who has or have lent Five-Sixth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the fame, to leffen and reduce fuch Tolls or Duties from Time to Time as they fliall think fit, and may alfo from l ime to rime raife the faid Tolls or Duties again, fo as not to exceed the Tolls or Duties herein-before granted : but no fuch Reduction or Increafe fliall take place unlefs, and until public Notice be given by Advertifement of the Purpofe of the Meeting in the Newfpaper aforefaid, at lealt Fourteen Days beiote fuch Meetings fliall take place.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting affembled, to choofe and appoint a fit Perfon or Perfons to be Clerk or Clerks, and Treafurer or Treasurers, Coileftor or Colleftors, to the laid Truftees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Aft ; and alfo One or more fit Perfon or Perfons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Roads, or fuch other Officers as they fliall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove fuch Officers, or any of them, as they lhall fee Occafion ; and appoint new ones, in cafe of Death, Refignation, or Removal; and all, or every Perfon or Perfons, who are, or lhall be, liable by this Aft to pay the laid Tolls or Duties, are hereby required to pay the fame to the faid Coileftor or Colleftors, Receiver or Receivers, fo from Time to Time to be appointed as aforefaid, and after the Rates aforefaid ; and the Perfon or Perfons to be appointed as aforefaid for receiving the laid Tolls or Duties, and alfo the Surveyor or Surveyors, fliall, on the Firft Wednefday in every Month, or at any other Time to be appointed by the laid Truftees during the Continuance of this Aft, give in a true, particular, exact and perfect Account, in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, with their refpeftive Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, or any of them, have received, paid, and dilburied, by reafon of their refpeftive Offices, and verify the lame upon Oath if required ; and in cafe any Overplus fo received lhall remain in their, or any of their Hands, they fliall pay the fame to the faid Irultees, or to fuch Perfons as they lhall authorize and appoint to receive the fame, to be difburfed and laid out in carrying into Execution the feve-ral Powers of this Aft, and not otherwife ; and the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting affembled, lhall, and may, and they are hereby authorized

4	and

Appointment of Officers.

Officers to Account.

196

Penalty upon Officers not accounting.

Trcaft irer to give Secu-iity.

Trullees fhal! not accept Piaccsof Profit.

Tolls to b« kt.

470 GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. i1.

and empowered, out of the Money arifing by the faid Tolls or Duties veiled in them, to make fuch Allowances to the feveral Officers fo by them appointed, for, and in Confideration of their Care and Pains taken in the Execution of their refpeftive Offices, and to fuch other Perfonor Perfonswho fhall have been, or may beaffilting in making or repairing the faid Roads as aforefaid, and the Bridges upon the fame, by advancing or laying out any Monies, or otherwife relating thereto, as the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting afTembled, fhallthinkfit; and in cafe the faid Colledtoror Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treafurer or Treafurers, or any other Perfon or Perfons concerned in the Collection or Receipt of the aforefaid Tolls or Duties, or any of them, ffiall not make fuch Account and Payment to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees fhall direct, then it fhall be lawful to any Two or more of the Juftiees ot the Peace of the laid County, upon Application being made by any Two or more of the faid Truftees, to enquire of and concerning fuch Default, as well by the Confeffion of the Parties themfelves, as by the Teftimony of one or more credible Witnefs or Wit-netfes, upon Oath (which Oath the faid Juftiees, or any one or more of them, are, or is hereby appointed to adminifter), or by other legal Evidence ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of the Offences aforefaid, the faid Juftice or Juftiees fhall, and he or they are hereby empowered to irnpofe or levy a Sum of Money from, or upon fuch Perfon or Perfons, not exceeding Double the Sum of Money unduly detained or mifapplied ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe, or be unable to pay the faid Penalty, then, and hi fuch Cafe, it fhall, and may be lawful, for the faid Juftice or Juftiees to commit fuch Perfon and Perfons to the common Goal of the County, there to remain until he or they fhall have compounded and agreed with the faid Truftees, and have paid fuch Compofition to the Treafurer for the Time being, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees fhall appoint.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That the faid Truftees fhall, and they are hereby required, to take fuch Security from the Treafurer or Treafurers to be ap-pointed by virtue of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their faid Office or Offices, as to the faid Truftees fhall appear juft and reafonable.

XX.	And be it enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons appointed, or to be appointed a Truftee or Truftees for putting this Act into Execution, fhall have, or accept of any Place of Profit, arifing out of, or by reafon of, any Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or granted, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be incapable of acting as a Truftee or Truftees from the Time of accepting, and during the Enjoyment, of fuch Place of Profit as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiall, and may be lawful, for the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting affetnbled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by public Roup or Auction, to let the Tolls or Duties hereby granted and veiled in them, in whole or in part, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Ltafe or otherwife, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the higheft Rate they can get for the fame, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as {hall give good and fufficient Se-curity for Payment of the Rents for which the Tolls fhall be let, as fhall be approved of by the faid 'Truftees in General Meeting affembled.

XXII. And

47° GEORG 11 III. Seir.2. Cup. n.

XXII.	And be it enaaed, That it fliall, and may be lawful, for the faid Truflees, at a General Meeting affembled, and they are Hereby authorized and empowered to borrow, upon the Credit ol the lolls and Duties to be levied and colleaed by virtue of this Aa, at legal or lels lnteiell, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding upon the whole, at any one lime, the Sum of Eight Thoufand Pounds Sterling.

XXIII.	And be it enaaed. That it fliall be in the Power of the faid 1'ruf-tees, at their Firlt, or any other General Meeting, to divide the laid Roads into fuch Diftrias as they fliall judge proper, which being once lo fixed, fhall not afterwards be changed or altered ; and to divide and apportion the Monies authorized to be borrowed on the Credit of the faid lolls, into fuch Sums as they (hall judge proper, for making, altering and repairing the faid refpeaive Diftrias of Roads, and building and repairing the laid Bridges, and the Turnpikes and Toll-Houfes, and others to be ereaed on the fame ; and to aftign and make over fuch Part of the Tollsor Duties fo to be collected and levied in Manner aforefaid, on the faid refpeaive Diftrias of Roads, and on the faid Bridges, as they fhall think proper, by Way of Security to fuch Perfon or l’erfons who fliall lend, or who fliall become Sureties for the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed as aforefaid ; and Copies of all fuch Allignments thall be entered by the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, which fliall at all feafonable 'limes be open to the Perufal of any Perfon or Perfons having Intereft, without Fee or Reward.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaaed. That when the Sums aforefaid fliall in whole, or in part, be applied and accounted for to the refpeaive Truftees, and by their Order paid to the Perfon or Perfons advancing, or bound for the fame, it fliall and may be lawful, to and for the faid Truftees at a General Meeting affembled, and they are hereby autho-riled to borrow any other Sum or Sums of Money, but the faid Sum or Sums fo borrowed fhall not at any Time exceed in the whole the Sums allowed to be borrowed by the Truftees, as aforefaid, on the Credit of the Tolls authorifed to be levied by this Act.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That it fliall anil may be lawful for the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting affembled, to make, or caufe to be made, Caufeways, and to cut and make Drains thiough any Grounds lving contiguous to the laid Roads, and to make and ereft Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Wood, acrofs the Roads at the River Lcven, at Ballocb and Bonhill and alfo to widen and extend the Breadth of the faid Roads to the legal Standard Eftablilliment in Scotland, and where it lliali appear neceffary to alter the Situation of the laid Roads, or to widen them to a Breadth beyond the pre-fent Standard, then and in that Cafe, the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting affembled, fliall, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered by a Writing under their Hands, to order and direct the Courle of the faid Roads to be altered, or the faid Road to be extended to fuch Breadth as they fliall think proper, not exceeding Forty Feet, exclufive of Ditches, and to make, or order to be made luch Ditches and Trenches as fliall be necef-lary tor draining and amending the aforelaid Roads, or any of them ; and for theie Purpoies, to pull down and remove any Houfe or Building, the Side 'Walls of which fhali not exceed Twelve Feet in Height, and to remove all other Obftrudions, and to enter into and upon, and make ufe of all

\_Loc. & Per.^	5	D	Lands,.

197

P iwcr to

borrow Money.

Roads may he divi Jed into Dil-tricis.

Loans being paid, farther Sums may be borrowed.

Powers for making the Roads.

198

Incapacitated Perfona empowered to fell.

Satisfa&ion to be made.

470 GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. nr

Lands, Grounds, and other Heritages, not being a Garden, Orchard,, planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to any Houfe.

XXVI.	And be it enafted, That it fliall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, married Women, Truftees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots, Furious, or other Perfons, and to and for all and every other Perfon or Perfons what-foever, who are, or fliall be feized, poflefied of, or interefted in any Lands, Houfes, Tenements, or other Heritages, or any Part thereof, to fell the fame for the Purpofes of this Act ; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances that fliall be fo made, fliall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or any other Matter or Thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof, notwithftanding ; and that all the Truftees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors, or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors or Incumbrancers, and all other Perfons, are and fliall be indenmilied for svhat they fliall do by virtue, or in purfuance of this Ad.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That when the faid Truflegs fliall have taken, or refolved to take into their Poffeflion any Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or Heritages, for the Purpofc of the faid Roads, or for the Purpofe ofereftingToIl-houfes, Steel-yards, or weighing Machines thereon, or have refolved to build a Bridge or Bridges acrofs the River Leven or otherwile, by which the Owners of Lands or Ferries, or other Perfons interefted therein, may fuffer Damage, the faid Truftees fliall be obliged to fatisfy and pay the Proprietors, or Owners, and Occupiers, and other Perfons interefted in fuch Lands, Tenements,Houfes or Heritages and Ferries, the Value thereof,and of the Damages done, as can be agreed upon between the faid Truftees and fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers and other Per-fcns interefted therein, and in the event that they cannot agree, then the faid Truftees fliall be obliged to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money, as fliall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Perfons fummoned and chol'en by the Sheriff Depute of the County of Dumbarton, in fuch Manner as Juries are fum-moned and chofen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whole Determina tion is hereby declared to be final, without being fubjeft to Advocation, Sufpenfion, or Reduction, and the Sheriff Depute or his Subftitute, upon the Petition of either Party, fetting forth the Circumftances of the Cafe, is hereby required within a reafonable Time thereafter, to fummon and choofe fuch Jury, and in the event that fuch Jury fliall award a greater Compen-fation than the Truftees fliall have offered, but lefs than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers fliall have required, the Expence of fuch Jury fliall be defrayed and borne by the faid Truftees, and the faid Owner and Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally ; but in Cafe the faid Jury fliall award to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum l'o required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the faid Expence fliall bepaidby ihe faid Truftees; and on the other Hand, if the faid jury (hall award the Sum offered by the faid Truftees, or a lefs Sum,thewhole of the faidExpence fliall bepaid by thefaid Owner orOwners,OccupierorOccupiers: Provided always that in all Cales, when any Perfon or Perfons fliall, byReafon of Abfence, be prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Colls and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees.

No Money to XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That no Part of the Tolls which fttall-outP Ordcr'of ar',e anc^ be 'ev*ecU by virtue of this Aft, or of the Monies which fhall be the Tnifteet.	borrowed.

47° GEORGII HI. Sefl. 2. Q1pi.11.	199

harrowed upon the Credit of fuch Tolls or Duties fliall be applied, laid out, or appropriated without the Order of the faid Truftees, or of fuch Per-fons as they lhall authorife and appoint:

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees fliall keep, or Account* to caufe to be kept, an exaft Account of the Monies received by Virtue of this bc

Aft, and the Application thereof, and all their Proceedings, and fliall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, which the Heritors-on theCourfe of the faid Roads and Bridges fhall at all reafonable Times be at Liberty to infpeft, without Fee or Reward.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall Penalty for affaultany Collector of the faid Tolls or Duties, or by Force pafs through Afuuks.. any of the laid Gates or Turnpikes, without paying the Tolls or Duties

which fuch Perfon or Perfons ought to pay, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, over and above any Damages or other Recorn-pence fuch Collector lhall and may be entitled to by Law, in refpeft of fuch Affault.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall Pcuzlty for malicioufly break down, or attempt to break down, pluck up, damage, deftroymg or otherwife dellroy, any Turnpike Gates, Polls, Chains, Bars, or other

Works whatever, or the Houfes erefted for the Ufe of fuch Turnpikes, or Steelyards, or weighing Engines to be erefted on the Sides of the faid Roads, or fliall ftnke or maltreat any of the Toll-Gatherers, or any Perfon or Perfons of their Family employed in levying the faid Tolls or Duties, or fliall refeue or attempt to refeue any Perfon in Cuflody for any of the faid Offences, every Perfon or Perfons fo offending in any of the Premifes, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Profecution ordered by the faid Truftees, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnels or Witneffes, before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, or of the County where the Offender fhall be or refide, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall not only pay the whole Damages and Ex-pences fuftained by the faid Truftees, or their Toll-Gatherers aforefaid, but it fliall be lawful for any Two or more of fuch Juftices of the Peace, to adjudge fuch Perfon or Perfons to be itnprifoned in the County Goal for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or to pay a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXXII.	And be it further eiiafted, That in cafe any Houfes or other Houfes not Buildings fhall, after the paffing of this Aft, be built near the Sides of the to be erefted faid Road, or in any Village or Town through which the fame fhall or may ’-ohm acei -pafs, no fuch Houfe or Building fhall be erected within Twenty Feet oT'tb/ llo"d from the Middle of the faid Road or Highways, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling for every Offence, over and above the Expence of pulling down fuch Houfe or Edifice, excepting always fuch Building-Feus ok Leafes as fliall be already granted ; and it fhall be lawful

for Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, to flop the building or erefting of every fuch Houfe or Building, as fliall be within the-Diltance of Twenty Feet from the Centre of the laid Roads or Highways, by an Order in Writing under their Hands, till fuch Time as fufficient Se-4	curity

200

Roads to be meafured.

Trees on the

Tides of the Roads to be lopped.

Drains to be covered, &c.

47° -GEORG 11 III. Seif. 2. Cap. 11.

curity fliall be found before the Juftices of the Peace that fucli Building fliall be erected beyond the Difhtnce aforefaid ; and if fuch Security (hall not be found at or before the next General Quarter Seflions, it (hail and may be lawful for any Two or more of the faid Juftices, to order the fame to be pulled down and removed at the Expence of the Perfon or Ferfons erecting the Houfe or occupying the Ground, and to grant Warrant for levying the fame by Diltrefs and Sale, as herein-after dire&ed.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Trultees, at any of their Meetings alfembled, may caufe the faid Road to be meafured, and Mile Stones to be eredted, and all'o Gnide or Diredtion Potts to be placed ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall wilfully break, deflroy, damage, pull up, or remove any fuch Mile Stones, or Guide or Direbti >n Pods, or obliterate or deface anv Letters or Figures that (hall be made, inferibed, or put thereon by Order of the laid Trultees, or fnall break down any Part of the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls on any of the Bridges or Sides of the faid Roads, and (hall be thereof convidted on the Oath ol One or more credible Witnefs or WitndTes before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, or ot the County where the Offender fliall be or refide, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, befides making good the Damages, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding 'Pen Shillings Sterling for each Stone or Pott fo wilfully deilroyed, damaged, or pulled up, removed, obliterated, and defaced, or for every Cape Stone fo broken down from the faid Ledges or Parapet Walls; and all fuch Forfeitures (hall be applied, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the faid Truftees for the Ufe of the faid Roads and Bridges) and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending and convibted as aforefaid, (hall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon fuch Damages and Forfeiture may be levied, then it (hall and may be lawful for any One or more of the laid Juftices of the Peace, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unlefs the faid Damages, Penalty, and Charges attending the Recover)- (hall be fooner paid and Jatisfied.

XXXIV.	And be it enabled, That w'herethe Ground on the Sides of the aforefaid Roads is or fliall be planted with Trees, or is or (hall be in-clofed by Hedges, the Proprietors or Occupiers of fuch Ground on each Side of the faid Roads (hall, at a proper Seafon of the Year, lop and prune the Trees, and cut and drefs the Hedges in fuch Manner, that no Part of the laid Trees fliall overhang any part ot the faid Roads, nor the Hedges be allow-ed to grow higher than Four Feet from the Surface ot the Ground at the bottom of the Hedge ; and in rafe he, (he, or they neglect fo to do, after being required by an Order from any Two or more of the laid Truftees, the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor, fliall caufe the fame to be done, and levy the Expence thereof from the Proprietors or Occupiers of the laid Grc - nd.

XXXV.	And be it enacted, That when any Paflage for Cattle or Carriages acrofs the Sides of the aforefaid Roads thall be-made for the Conve-tiiency of the Occupier of the Grounds through which the faid Road palfes, he or they fliall cover the Drains crofting the Sides of fuch Roads

with

201

47° GEORGII m. SefT. 2. Cap. 11.

with fufficient Stones, in fuch Manner as the Courfe of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Roads thereby prejudiced: Provided always, that no Occupier of Lands fhall turn any Water upon the Sides of the laid Roads, nor condudl any Water acrofs the faid Roads for meliorating of his Fields, or other Purpofes, until he fliall have applied for and obtained the Confent of Three or more of the faid Truftees; and every fuch Occupier (hall be obliged to carry the Water acrofs the Road in a covered Drain, of fuch Depth and Conflruflion as that the Water may not prejudice the Road ; and every Perfon offending in any of the above Particulars, and being convicted thereof as aforel’aid, before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, or where the Offender (hall be or refide, fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That where Fences (hall be made on Ditches not the Sides of the High Roads, the Hedge (hall be on the Side next the Road, to be mi)de and the Ditch next the Field ; and proper Conduits (hall be made in dif-ferent Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the faid Fence or Bank into the Ditch.

XXXVlf. And be it enafled, That the Gates to all Inclofures, Avenues, or Gates not to-Roads on the Sides of the faid Roads, (hall open to the Field where the °Pen to the Nature of the Ground will admit, and not on the Road ; and all Proprie-tors or Pofftffors of Lands (hall be obliged to alter their Gates which at prefent open on the faid Roads, fo as to make them to open to the Field whenever required by the faid Truftees.

XXX VIII. And be it enabled, That the faid Truftees, or their ContraCh Repo(!to*i« ors or Overfeers, (hall be, and they are hereby empowered, to provide ^or Materials, proper Places on the Sides of the laid Road as Repolitories for Stones,

Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the faid Roads and Bridges, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by fuch Repolitories.

XXXIX.	And be it enacted, That from and after the palling of this Ac!, T.> prevent no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever fliall ereft, or make, or caufe to be ‘'illllancc*. erefted, or made, any Lime Kiln or Brick Kiln, or any Nuifance by Fire, within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any Part of the faid Roads, unlefs the fame fhall be Fenced off in fuch Manner as to prevent any Danger cr Detriment to Perfons travelling on the fame, or to make Pits or Holes, or lay down Lime, Dung, Materials for repairing the Roads in Heaps, Compofts, Rubbilh, Dead Cattle, (except in cafe of Accident), or other Matter whatever for manuring of Land within Five Yards of the Side of the faid Roads, unlefs the fame be lufficiently fenced off from the Road ; neither (hall any Perfon or Perfons turn their Plough on the faid Roads, or lay down Trees or other Matter, or leave Carts, Waggons, or Wains, loaded or unloaded, (landing upon the faid Roads or Bridges, or draw an.y Tree or Piece ol Timber, or other Material whatfoever, other-wile than in a Wheel Carriage or Cart, or do any Thing whatfoever whereby the faid Roads or Bridges fhall be unneceffarily encumbered or damaged, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, befides being obliged immediately to remove all fuch Lime, Dung, Materials for repairing the Roads in Heaps, and other Matters whatever, laid upon

[.Lee. Per.']	3	£	the

co2	47*	GEORGII	III.	Sc-ff.	2.	Cap.	11.

thejajd Roads and Bridges, and obliged to fillup thefaid Pits and Holes, and which Penalties (hall be levied by Warrant of any of the Juftices of the Peace of the Paid County, by Poinding and Sale as aforefaid, and upon Application of any One of the faicl Truftees, or their Overfeers ; and one Moiety of fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as aforefaid fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Truftees to be laid out on the faid Roads and Bridges; and further that no Timber, Trees, Planks, or Deals carried on the Faid Roads, fhall project or extend over the Sides of fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or occupy more of the faid Roads in Breadth, than is occupied by the faid Cart or other Carriage, under a Penalty not exceedingTwenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

Ilorfe; not to XL. And be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, from and o»the Roads a^ter Pa®nR °f this Aft, paflure, or leave or allow to be c'epaftured or left on the aforefaid Road, any Ilorfes, Sheep, Cows, or other Cattle, it fhall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, upon Application made to him or them by any Heritor in the faid County, or by any Perfon or Perfons having Authority from the faid Truftees, to ifTue his or their Warrant for apprehending the Perfon or Perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and to bring them before him or them for Examination; and upon fuch Offender or Offendeis being convicted of fuch Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or the Oath or Confefiion of the Party offending, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juflice or Juftices of the Peace, to fine and amerciate fuch Offender or Offenders feverally, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each and every Offence.

Power to XLI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the nls^or repair- Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall ap-t°herCpan point for that Purpofe, to open Stone Quarries, and to dig, gather, and Hoads. carry away any Stones or Gravel, Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials (Timber excepted), out of any Grounds, whether inclofed or not (not being the Ground whereon any Houfes ftand, nor a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue, to any Houfe, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground fet apart or ufed as a Nurfery for Trees previous to the pafting of this Aft), where the faid Materials can be moil conveniently found within any of theParifhes aforefaid, for the ufe of the Roads and Bridges aforefaid (the Gravel upon the Sea-Shore, and on the Side of Lochlomond, and on the Banks and Beds of Rivers always excepted, without the Confcnt of the Proprietors), making K ecompence in Manner aforefaid for the Damages thereby occafioned : Provided always, That any Difference or Difpute relative to the faid Damages, fhall not in any way ftop, delay, or prevent the gathering, digging, and carrying off the faid Ma-terials.

N it« being	XL1I. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That it fhall not

lira given.	lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Perfon or Perfons under the Autho-

rity of this Aft, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the faid Roads and Bridges, to or from any inclofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be t-aknn 0r left for fuch Occupier at his ufual place of Refidence, to appear before i’vvo or more Juftices of the Peace of the County, to (hew Caul'e why fuch Materials

20 3

47° GEORGII m. SeflT. 2. Cup. n.

rials fhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fucTi Occupier Iball attend purfuant to fuch Notice, fuch Juftices fliall, if they think proper, authorise fuch Surveyor, or other Peri'on, to dig, gather, take and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch I itne or 1 imes, as to fuch Juftices fliall feem proper; and if fuch Occupier fliall negteft or refufe fo appear by himfelf or his Agent, the faid Juftices, (hall and may make Inch Order therein as they (hall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIII. And be it enabled, That when any Damage (hall be done by the faid Truftees, or others having Power from them, in digging, gathering, or taking away Materials or otherwife, in repairing the (aid Roads or Bridges, or in making the fame, to anyPerfonor Perfons whatfoever, the faid Iruf-tees (hall be obliged to pay all fuch Damages as (hall be afeertained (if the Parties cannot agree) by any Two Juftices of the Peace of the County of Dumbarton, with Power to the faid Proprietor or Occupier to appeal from the Decifion of the faid Juftices to the next Quarter 6 (lions in the faid County, whofe Decifion (hall be final, without being (ubjefl to Advocation, Sufpenfion, or Redu&ion ; and any Difpute with regard to the faid Damages (hall not prevent the faid I'ruftees, or thole employed by them, from ufing ann carrying away the faid Materials, and applying them to making and repairing the faid Roads.

XL1V. And be it enafted, That whatever Money (hall be paid by Agreement, or by Award as aforefaid, for Lands, Houles, or other Subjects, fo taken or ufed by the faid Truftees, which were held under Entail, or fubjetl to Liferent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, Married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Perfon under legal Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money, in cafe the fame amount to Two Hundred Pounds or upwards, fliall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Seflion, and (hall, without delay, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or fuch other Bank as the Court (hall direct, upon the higheft Intereft that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation, and by the Authority of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or in the Difcharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the faid Lands, Houfes, or other Subjeds, or affecting other Lands, Houfes, or Subjects belonging to the fame Perfons, and fettled to the fame or like TJfes, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when fuch Money cannot he applied to thefe or like Purpofes, then the fame (halt be laid out in the Purchafe, or on the Security of other Lands, Houfes, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof fliall be devifed to the fame Perfon or Perfons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the fame Ufes and Purpofes, and under the fame Provilions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjeds, taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad, were devifed and fettled, or fuch of them as (hall be then exifting, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, until fuch Purchafe or Security can be effeded, the Intereft of fuch Money fliall be paid, by Authority of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who, for the Time being,. Would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes' or other Subjeds fo taken and ufed by the faid Truftees.

4.

Damage fc

digging for Materials.

Money payable to Per-fons under Entail or Difability, how to be difpi fed of.-

If 200I. and upwards.

XLV. Andi

204

I fiefs than Two Hundred Pounds, and above Twenty Pounds.

If lefs than T wenty Pounds.

In cafe of not making out Titles, &c.

Purchafe Money to be paid into the

Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Court of &cflion.

47” GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. n.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if fuch Money be iel’s than Two Hundred Pounds, but fhall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then, at the Option of the Perfons or Perfon who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Truftees, for the Purpofes of this Aft, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Truftees, in Gales of Minority, Lunacy, or Truft, to be paid into One or other of the faid Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be named by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Two or more Truftees under this Act, in order that fuch Money, and the Intereft arifing thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, fo far as the Circumftances of the Cafe fhall make it practicable.

•

XLVI. And be it enaCted, That where fuch Money fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the fame fhall be applied to the Life of the Perfon or Perfons who, for the Time being, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjects fo taken and conveyed for the Purpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the Truftees, or any Two or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Truft, to his or their Truftees, or in cafe of Minority or Lunacy, to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeclively.

XLVI1. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Houles, or other Subjects, to be purchafed by virtue of this ACt, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Pretnifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhail be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, be not known or difeovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforCfaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects (deferibing them), fubjeCt to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the Court of Seffion; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the lame Court fhall fieem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Pretnifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for

what

20 5

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. n.

.what, and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XLVIIi. And be it further enafted, That where any Queftion fhall a rife Where any touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the faid ^ a^fe Banks, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Houfes, or touching the other Subjects, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Houles, Right to or other Subjects, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, the Perfon or Per- llK ,‘ •' 0IH' • fons who fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of luch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary fhall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Seflion ; and fuch Money, and the Intereft thereof, fliall be paid, applied, and dif-pofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where, by rea- The Court on of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, may oui°r entitled to any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, to be purchafed under g*1 "nc-^of the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe-Money for the fame fliall be pUrciiafe« required to be paid into the faid Banks, and to be applied in the Purchafe to be paid of other Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, to be fettled to the like Ufes, I3)' irukee* in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the laid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court fliall deem realoriable, together with the necefl'ary C.ofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftecs, who fliall, from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpofes, as the faid Court fhall direft.

L. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Recoverpnd Aft impofed, fliall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods Application and Chattels (if not direfted by this Aft to be otherwife levied), by War- of ienatie** rant under the Hands of anv One or more juftise or Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, or of the County where the Offender fliall be or refide ; and the Perfon or Perfons diflraining fuch Goods and Chattels, are hereby authorifed and empowered, after the Space of Three Days after fuch Di-' ftrfts fhall be made and taken; to fell the Goods fo diftrained by public Roup or Auction, at the neareft Turnpike or Toll-Houfe to the Place where fuch Diftrefs fliall be made or taken, and return tile overplus Money (if any be), upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, vvitli the reafonable Charges of diflraining, keeping, and felling the fame fhall be dedufted and paid, and the faid Forfeitures, when recovered, it not otherwife direfted to be applied by this Aft, fhall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Aft into Execution, as the faid Truftees fhall direft; and all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Aft, fliall be.

[Loc;& Per.]	3 F	payable

2c6

Ufctefe Ro -ds may be ihut up.

Appeal to the Quarter-

StfRous.

Limitation of A&ions.

470 GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. n.

payable over and above all neceflary Expcnces incurred in profecuting for the fame.

LI. And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful, to and for the Juf-tices of the Peace of the Laid County, or any Two or more of them, to caufe any Roads connefted with the Roads included and directed by this Aft to be made, widened, and repaired, and which are ufelefs to the Public, to be {hut up : Provided always, That in cafe any Perfon orPerfons having In-tereft {hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the Aft or Order of the faid Juftices, for {hutting up any Road, it Aral I be competent to him, her, or them, upon good Caufe {hewn, to reduce the fame any Time within Three Years after the faid Road {hall have been {hut up by a cotnpe-tent Procefs before the Court of SefTion :

LII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons {hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already direfted and appointed, it {hall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace, at the firlt Quartet Seflions for the County •, and in cafe the Caufe of Complaint arife within Fifteen Days before fuch Quarter Seflions, then fuch Appeal fliall be made to the faid Juftices at the fecond Quarter Seflions, who are hereby authorifed and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Perfon orPerfons fo aggrieved, and if they fee Caufe, {hall and may, by Order of fuch Meeting, mitigate at their Difcretion, all or any of the faid Penalties or Forfeitures impofed or incurred by the faid Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and fet afide the Conviftion or Conviftions, and fet the Parties at Liberty, or otherwife may ratify and confirm the fame, with fuch Cofts as to them in their Difcretion may teem proper; and to levy by their Order or Warrant, fuch Cofts fo awarded by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons, who (hall refufe to obey the fame; a.id for Want of fullicientDiftrefs to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of fuch Cofts fliall be made; but the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing fliall, and they are hereby direfted to give Notice in Writing to the Defendant of fuch their Intention of bringing or profecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the faid Quarter Seflions, and {hall within Five Days after fuch Notice lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the faid Juftices, a Bond figned by him, her or them, to profecutc fuch Appeal; and in cafe fuch Appeal fliall be difallowed, the Appellant fliall pay fuch Cofts and Charges as the faid Juftices {hall direft in that Behalf; and every fuch Appeal fliall, at the faid Quarter Seflions be heard and finally determined, without being fubjeft to Advocation, Suf-penfion or Reduction.

LIU. And be it further enafted, That all Aftions and Complaints for all raid every the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft, or for any Wrong done, or Injury fullered in any Manner relative thereto, or in Con-iequcnce of any of the Powers given or granted by this Aft, fliall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred or Wrong done, or Injury fuflfered, and not afterwards.

4

LIV. And

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap.u.	207

LIV. And be it enafted, That it {hall be no Objeftion to any Perfon Juftices may afting as a Juftice of the Peace, in any Matter or Thing relative to this Aft, ^ t(^oussh that he is hereby appointed a Trufiee, except where he is perfonally inter- ™ IC‘-efted, in which Cafe he {hall not fit nor aft as a Juftice of the Peace, but in every other Cafe he {hall have the fame Power to aft as a Juftice of the Peace, as fully as if there were no fuch Appointment.

LV. And be it enafted. That this Aft {hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges,

Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LVI. And be it enafted, That this Aft, and the Powers and Authorities, Continuance Articles, Claufes, Rules Forfeitures and Penalties therein contained, {hall oftllis Aft. commence from and after the palling thereof, and lhall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty.	r807.

• .. I

'







Mi •ffiSif'C-'.	>•	%•	.	i

Ju'. f iJfcr"v : • Ktf-jS* .

■ '	*>.	- v*: .

. ;?i	.	L	’.,u:	■	if.'-	■/'	■t:-’	?■-%	I

'

'

*



hi n

V* >:« > » < • - » ■ ...........................  ■;	'	■

I II ‘; • v;.j' ^5

y*

■ v<#

■



-

A*X, fit \ v

*IH V >41 Y jivta •"■ #* *	5*|	^	y.'jjr	#

IMIl........	>	»!'	■ , TAi#'.s\	-v	\

t*A I\	»f*	'	•	■■	<0	'	v	■ |

* -4|« *4|Bp0f?‘ ftiwwft '--l	■	-fii...’;t

. s » ;	;	\	.	■. - ■ t

' JV ’!

.

M •	V	’	ft	! •	’

S^fti «•. f •	« •	-4	•	"i-

fllill*, f%e ♦** f Oft:	:	u

w»?	*

*

}/	■

•jfciM.V"	•	•	■

-*Vi- *v« I •	/	*5	*f>i -iri

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII TIL REGIS.

Seff! 2.

^*****»t*****************«****************************

Cap. 12.

An A & for the more eftedlually repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafTed in the Thirty-firft Year of His

late Majefty *s Reign, intituled. An Act for widening and repair- 31 G.2.C.67. ing fevered Reads leading from the Wclfti Gate and Cotton Hill in the Town of Shrewfbuiy, in the County of Salop: And whereas an Ad was parted in the Ninth Year of His prefenc Mpjefty’s Reign, intituled.

An Aft for repairing and wideningfever al Roads in the Counties of Montgo- 9	3,

meiy, Merioneth, and Salop: And whereas an Ad was palfcd in the Thirteenth Year of His laid prelent Majtfty’s Reign, intituled. An Adi 13G.2.C toy. for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Aids made in the 7birty-fvjl Tear of tlis late Majejly and Ninth Tear of His pufer.t Majejly,s Reign, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop, and for repairing feveral other Roads therein mentioned, whereby the Term and Powets of the laid Ad of the Thirty-full Year of his laid late Majefty, fo far as the fame related to a Branch of the faid Roads lying between the Diftance of Ten Miles from the Town of Shrewf-lury afi r. faid and the Town of Ofwcfiry in the faid County of Salop, were continued, but the Term granted or continued by the faid Ad of the Thirteenth Year of His faid prefen: Majefty, as to the faid Branch of Road lying between Shrcwfbury and Ofwejlry aforefaid, is expired : And" whereas great Progrefc hath been made in the Repair of the faid Branch of Road lying between Shrewfbury and Ofuejlry aforeiaid, and conftderabk Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due and owing, upon the Crec:it of the Tolls ariling therefom, but the Money fo borrowed cana not be repaid, and the faid Roads amended and k-pt in Repair, unlcls the Terms of the laid Afts be revived and enlarged, and lemt further [Lot. V Per.}	G	Powers

210

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 12.

Powers and Authoriii s g ven for thof-Purp'ff-s: And whereas the Road leading ut of the Turnpike Road from thr Cr fs, in the laid Town ot Ofwftry, ihrnugti the Uillow Street there, over Pont Van io Pont C)fyl'.te, through the Viliage of Sylattyn, in rhefaid County of Salop. 10 t?it 1 own ot Corwen, in the laid County of Merioneth, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow an i incomm ;di >us in many Pla es ror Wheel Carnage-., and cannot be cffcdlually amended and k-pt »n Repair by the ordinary Courfe nf Law-, and the f«id lad-mentioned R >ad wiil he a convenient and ciefirable Exccnfi n of the laid R >ud, lying be tween Sbrewfbiv-y and Ofweftry atore-faid, and will cunfidcrabiy fho'ten the prefent Didante beeween the laid Towns and Holyhead: And whereas the fevernl Powcis and Provifions for amenaing and keeping in Repair ihefaid refpe&ive Roads might be better and more effectually executed if the fame were compiled in One Aft of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be en-aflrd. and be it enaCted by the King's moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of Troftee*. the fame, That the Honourable Frederick Weft, the Honourable Thomas Kenyon, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, and Sir Robert Williams Vaughan, Bnonets, Robert Myddleicn Bidduipb of Chirk Cajlle, E'quire, Richard Bii kei ton of Ofwejlry, Richard Bill of the fame, William Belas of the fame, John Bonner of Brynndgwalie, Peter Bentley of Moreton, Robert Cartwright of Ofwejlry, Richard Crcxon, John Croxon, and Edward Croxon, all cf the fame, Thomas Davies of Uwchdre, Ar.bur Davies of The Hayes, Thomas Davies of Ofweftry, Hugh Davies of MaefygammcdJ, William Davies of Cb>rk, John Dickie of Ncwball,	Downes	of	Weft	on Cottn, Edward

Edmunds of Ofwejlry, Edward Edwards of the fame, Edwa<d Edwards if Cae Pant, Wil iam Edwards of Brook,fide, Morris Edwards of lihofynwjl, Edward Gataree of S ivanbill, John Gibbons of Ofwejlry, Richard Griffiths of the lame, Thomas Hilditcb of the lame, Thomas HowJl of the lame, Hugh Hughes ot Wettiar, Thomas Hunt of the fame, Richard Jebb of Chirk, David Jamefcn of Ojwejlry, Richard Jones of Billan Place, Thomas Jones of Milebcufe, John Jones of Ofwejlry, Lewis Jones of the fame, Thomas Longueville Jones of the fame, Walter Jones of C-.fn Rdg, Robert Jones of Dolgynlas, Thomas Jones of Sand ford, William Jones or Ofveftry, Edward Jones of the lame, Evan Jones of the lame, Richard Jones of Foxhall, Lewis Jones of Nantyr, Edward Jones of Hafodgynfcr, Edward Jones of Hwynmawr, William Ijfard, Richard Lovett of Belmont, William Leigh of Ofweftry, William Lloyd ot Afton, Charles Arthur Albany Lloyd and George Newton Kynafton Lloyd of the fame, William Lacon of Ofwejlry, Richard Hughes Lloyd of Gwerclas, Bell Lloyd of Tyddynyllan, Edward Lloyd of Maefmor, John Menlove of Fernhill, Richard Menlove of Hijland, William Alexander Madocks, George Mortal of Ofwejlry, Thomas Morris of the fame, jobn Muvjlow of bltnlle, William Owen of Wcodhoufe, Edward Henry Owen of rhe fame, Owen Owens of Ilawr-y-Cilan, Owen Owens of Llwydiarth, Edward Owens off the fame, Edward Owen of Ebnall, Low ten Parry, John Kynafton Powell. Thomas Netherten Parker, John Prober: of Ciptho< n, Richard Philfips nf Ty-nyrbos, William Penfon of Ofwftry, E .ward Peplee of Frees Henlle, Thomas R ebardfon of Ercn, Robert Roberts of Ofweftry, Jobn Roberts of Ruthin, Edward Rowland of Gardden Ledge, William Jones of Plat Gardden, David Parry of Gardden, John Roberts of Ofweftry, Peter Roberts of the fame. Rice Robirts of the fame, Edward Witliums Vaughan Sa.’fjbury, Thomas Salter of Ofweftry, John Sheppard ot Of veftry, v-sd .,1}	Thomas

2If

47° GEORG 11 III. SelT. 2. Cap. 12.

Munirs Skye of Plasy-n-y Pentre, Griffith ap Howe! Vaughan. Timas Voffer of Ofwejlry. William UJher nf Little Fern hill, Charles Walk n Wi.tarns Wynn, Henry Wat kin Williams Wyrn, Henry Warren nf Ofwejlry, Eduard Williams of the lame, Edward Williams of Porkington, John Wynn of Nant, John Wynn of Lloran, Walter Williams of Ofue/iry, and Whitehall Whitehall Daisies, John William Bourke, James Donne, Joje b Dixon. Daniel Griffiths. John Hughes of Bettws, Owen Owen ot O vo flry, William Wynne%

Owen William Roberts of Henfach, Edward Roberts of Lla-[aimf'raid,

George Rcbfon, Samuel Steele, Jofeph Venables of Ofwejlry, and John Whit-ridge Clerks, and the Mayor, High Steward, Recorder, Coroner, Alder* men, and Common Countilmcn lor the Time being of the faid Town of Ofwejlry, (hall be and are hereby appointed Truftccs for amending and keeping in Repair that Branch of the laid Road leading from Sbrewjbury to Ojwfftry aforefairl, which lies between the Diftance of Ten M'les from the former Place and the faid Road leading out ot the prefent Turnpike Road from the Crofs in the laid Town of Ofwejlry, through the Willow Street there, over Pont Vane to Pont Cyfyllte, through the Village of Sylat-tyn aforefaid, to the laid Town of Corwen, and fer putting this Act into Execution.

II.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Truftee hereby appointed, Power to or to be rlefttd in Manner herein-after mentioned, lhall die or ceafe to cho»fe new refidc in the County or Place wherein the Roads hereby directed to be Tnifteet. repaired do lie, or by Writing under his Hand (hall refufe to aft in the Execution of rhis Aft, it lhall be lawful for the luiviving or remaining Truftees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to choofe and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Trufhe in his S ead, provided that Ten

Days Notice of the Meeting for every fuch Elrftion be given in fome public Newfpaper, or upon fome of the Toil Gates which lhall be from Time to Time (landing tin the faid Roads; and every PeTon who (hall be fo chofen and appointed (ball be joined with the furviving or remaining Tiuftees, and is hereby empowered to aft in ihe Execution of this Aft, to all Inrents and Purpofes, as if he had been oiiginally made and appointed a Tiuftee in and by this Aft.	•	y^A

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall Qualification be qualified or capable of afting as a Truftee in any Cale, in the Execu- of Truftees. tion of this Aft, unlefs at the Time of his afting he (hall be in his own

Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the aclual Pufleflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or pofiefied of a Perfonal Efface to the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or (hall be H>-ir Appirent of a Perfon pcffcffed of an Efface, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds; and if any Perfon, not being qualified as aforefaid, (hall neverthelels pre- Penalty on fume to aft as aTrulfee in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon Perfon* aft-(hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and paytheSum of Twenty Pounds, ing not being to any Pc Ion or Perfons who lhall inform or fue for the fame, to be reco- ftua^et*-vered in any of His M.'jeftyh Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, by Aftion ot Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eff iiun, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or moic than One Imparlance fliall be allowed; and the Peffon lo profecutrd {hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or othtrw.fe (hall pay the faid Penalty, without any

further

212

Truftees may aft as Juftices, except where interefted.

Proceedings fince the former Afts to be valid, and indemnifying the Truftees for having afted.

Firft Meeting.

47* GEORGII III. Sefi*. 2. Cap. 12.

further or other Proof, on Behalf of the Prosecutor, than that fuch Per-fon hath afted as a Truflee in the Execution of this Aft: Provided always, that fuch of the faid Truftees as are or fhall he in the Comirif-fion of the Peace for the County wherein any of the Roads by thi3 Aft directed to be repaired do lie, may neverthelefs aft as Juftices of the Peace in the Execution of this Aft, but no fuch Jufticr or any Truftees fhall be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft, in anv Cafe where he or they, or ei'her of them, fhall be perfonallv interefted, or during the Time of holding any Place of Truft or Profit under this Aft.

IV,	And be it further enafted and declared. That all Afts, Matters, and Things which, fince the Expiration of the Term of the faid recited Afts, have been done by the Truftees for the Care of the faid Roads, or any of them, or by any Collcftor of the Tolls, or other Officer or Peifon afting under them, touching or in any wife relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the faid Roads, or in the Exercile or fuppofed Ex-crcife of any of thePowtrs or Provifions contained in the laid Afts, lo far as relates to the faid Roads, fhall be as good, valid, and cfFcftual, to all I itrnts and Purpofes, as if the Term of the faid recited Afts had not expired ; and that the faid Tuiftees, and alfo the leverai Colleftors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Per funs employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having afted in the Collcftion or Receipt of the faid Tolls, or O'.herwife relating to the faid Roads, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpcfcs, as they would have been if the faid A6ts had remained in full Force and Effect.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Firft Meeting of the faid Truftees for executing the Purpofes of this Ac% (hall be holden at the Bowling Green or Crofs Keys Inn in OfweJIry, on the Fourth Tburfday in the Month cf Angtift next, and the Truftees fo afiembled, or any Five or more of them, fhaII and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards fubdivide and adjourn themlelves, and the other Truftees not then prefent, to, and meet at fuch Place or Places in or near the feveral R rads hereby directed to be repaired, as they fhall think mod convenient and neceffary for carry, ingthis Act into Execution, and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, in the Execution of this Acr, fhall be done at Meetings ro be held in purfuance of this Act, and not oherwife, and fhall be figned by the Truftees making the fame; and the faid Truftees at all their Meetings fhall defray their own Charges and Expences; and if at any Meeting appointed to be helJ for putting this Act in Execution, the Truftees prefent (hall omit or neglect to adjourn, or there fhall not be a fuffi.ient Number to adjourn (for which Purpofe of Adjournment Two Truftees fhall always be fufmieni) then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Meeting fhall be and is hereby adjourned for One Calendar Month, and fo from Time to Time till a fuf-ficienc Number of the faid Tiuftees do or (ludl meet and adjourn, and that upon every fuch Omiflion or Neglect to adjourn, Notice thereof fhall be given by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by affixing the. fame upon fome of the Gates or Turnpikes, which fhall be then erected upon the Roads in refpect whereof any luch Meeting dull have been directed to be held, at lead Seven Days before the Expiration of the before-mentioned One Calendar Month, and the like previous Notice alio g ven pnd

publifhed

213

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 12.

puhliffied in feme Newfpapcr ufually circulated in the Vicinity of the laid Reads.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the {hid Truftees, or any Trailed may Five or more of them, fliall and may from Time to Time, at any of appoint Of--their M etings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, appoint a Treafurer f'cers.

•or Treafurers, and Clerk or Clerks, and all fuch Collcftors of the Tolls,

Surveyors, and other Officers and Perlbns as they {hill think neceflary, and may from Time to Time remove any luch Officers or Perfons as they fliall fee Occafion •, and in cafe of fuch Removal, or of the Death or Re-liitnaiion of any fuch Officers or Perfons, to appoint new ones in their Strad; P o.ided neverthe.lefs, that when any Colleftorof the Tolls, to be Temporary •appointed by virtue of this Aft, (hall die, refign, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it fball and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or ; nv Five or more of them (although not affcmbled at any Meeting) by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Colkftor of the Tolls in his S:e d, and the Perfon fo appointed lhall have the fame Authority fur col-te ing and recovering the Tolls hereby granted, as the Perfon he fliall foceeed was invefted with, until the faid I'ruftees, or any Five or more <.f < ‘le n, ball, at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Aft, appoint a Col-■ t the Tolls-, any Thing hertin-before contained to the contrary not-v»i‘ iiflanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That all fuch Officers as fliall be ap- ofFi-er-t!> pointed as arorefaid by virtue of this Aft, and all other Perfons who have account. J received or (haft receive any Money by virtue of the faid former Aft or

Acts, on account or in refpecl of the Roads by them or either of them di-refted to be repaired, lhal! as often as required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, render and give to them, or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint, a true, exaft, and perfeft Account in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, with proper Vouchers, of all the Monies which they (hall refpeftive'.y to fuch Time have received, paid, and dlburfed, bv virtue of the faid former Afts or of this Aft, or by teafonof their re-l'peftive Offices, and fhall verify fuch Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, which Oath any Two or more of the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to admioi-fter; and in cafe any Money fo received fhall remain in his or their Hands, the lame lhall be paid to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall, by Writing under their Hands, authorize and empower to receive the fame, and fhall bedifburlcd and laid out in the Execution of this Aft and not otherwife; and in cafe any fuch Officer fliall not give in and make fuch Account and Payment as aforefaid, or fhall, for the Space of Ten Days after being thereunto required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, refufe or negVft to render and give up to them or to fuch Perfon as they fliall direft, all Books, Papers, and Writings, Matters, and Things in their Hands, Cuftody, or Power, relating to the Execution of this Aft, that then any Five Truftees, or one Juftice of the Peace for the County where the Officer fo making Default fhall live or refide, fhall and may make Enquiry of and concernin'1, fuch Default in a fummary Way, as well by the Confeflicn of the Patty, a° by the Teftimony of One credible Witnefs upon Oath, which the faid Five Truftees or Juftice are and is hereby empowered and required to admihi-fter, and if any fuch Officer fliall be convicted of either of the Offences . \Lcc. & Per.']	3 H	aforefaid.

214	47* GEORGII III. Sefl'.2. Cap. 12.

afotefaid, fuch Five Truftees or Juftice (hall and arc or is hereby required, by Warrantor Warrants, under their or his Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons rcfpedivelv, together with the Cofts and Charges of fuch Conviction, Diftrefs, and Sale, or the faid Five Truftees or Juftice of the Peace ffiall or may on fuch Convidion commit the Party to the Common Gaol of fuch County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he fhall have made a perfed Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fhall have compounded or agreed with the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid fuch Com-pofition Money (which faid Compofrtion the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive) and ffiall alfo have rendered and given up all luch Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things as aforefaid; provided always, that no Perfon who fhall be committed as aforefaid fhall remain in Prifon for a longer Space than Six Calendar Months; and that it like wife fhall and may be lawful to and for the Did Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to bring or caufe any Action or Actions to be brought in the Names ot fuch Trultecs or any Five or more of them, againlf the Officer or Officers, Perion or Perfons fo refuftng or nepleding as aforefaid, in order for the Recovery cf the Money whicn ffiall be in the Hands of fuffi Officcr or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpedively, and for the Recovery of alj luch Books, Papers and Writings as aforefaid, and the laid Trufb-es, or any Five or more of them, ffiall and may, out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Aft, make fuch Allowance to their Clerks and other Officers, for and in refped of their Care and Pains in the Execution of their refped;ve Offices, and to luch other Perfons as ffiill have been employed in the Execution of Old Officer* t^lis A&* ,1S 10 t*lem feem reasonable: Provided alfo, that the preienc to continue Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers appointed by virtue of the laid till new ones former Ads, ffiall and are hereby authorifed to aft in the Execution of this •reappointed. Ait until they ffiall be removed or others appointed in their Stead; and that all Agreements, Contrads, and Orders made by virtue of the faid former Acts, ffiall ftand and be as valid, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if made by virtue of this prtfent Ad, and that the like Tolls ffiall be paid as are payable at prefent, until altered or reverfed by the Truftees hereby appointed.

Truftees may VIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five continue Toll or mure of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered ro Gates, and	continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll

eicd others. pjoujes now Handing in, upon, or acrofs any of the faid Roads, or on the Sides thereof, and alfo to ered, or caufe to be erected, luch other Toil Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houles, with luit-ble Outouildings and Garden Spots thereto, in, upon, or acrofs any or the faid Roads, or upon or near the Sides thereof, acrols any Lane or Way leading into the fame, as they ffiall think proper, and the refpedive Toils following ffiall be demanded and taken at ail fjch Toll Gates and Turnpikes as aforefaid, before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, ffiall be permitted to pafs through the fame; (that is to fty),

For every Horfe or other Beaft, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Calaffi, Hearle, Chair, Gigg, Waggon, Wain, Wheel Car, Cart, Tumbrel, Car, Drag, or Sledge, the Sum of Sixpence :

► For

215

47° GE&RG II III. ScfT* 2. Crip.i 2»

For every Horfe or other Beaft, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and loin Proportion lor any lefs Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number :

Which Laid refpeflive Tolls fhall be and are hereby veiled in the (aid Truftecs for the Puipofcs of this Act; and it {hail be lawful for the Collectors of the Tolls, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and alio to lew the fame by Diftrefs of the Cattle, Carriage, or other Good' of any Potion liable to pay the fame, who (hail after Demand th< reof made neglect or refufe to pay fuch Tolls, and to detain and keep the Cattle, Carriage, or Goods lo diftrained, until fuel) Tolls, with the rcalonable Charges ot luch Dillrefs. and uf detaining and keeping the fame, fhall be pa:d; and tl.e r.ipcctivc Pcrfons fo diftraining after the Space of Five Days from the 1 ime of m king fuch Difbets, Ihall and may fell the Cattle, Carnage, or ot tr Goods, lo diftrained, returning the CKtrpIus (it any be) upon Demand to the Owners thereof, after the Tolls and the rcalonable Charges ot diftraining, keeping, and idling the fame fhall be deducted and paid.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon fhall, with .my Cattle or C irriage whatfoever, pafs through any Land, Ground, or Hereditaments (not being a publitk Highway 1 adjoining to or lying near any ot the laid Road', and near to any Turnpike Gate, Bar, or Chain, to be erected in purluance of this Act, although he may be the Owner or Occupier thereof, or if any Owner or Occupier of any luch Land, Ground, or Hereditament fliail knowingly or willingly permit or fuffer any Perfon with ar.y Cattle or Carriage whatfoever to pafs through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the fa;d Tolls Ihall be evaded, or if any Pcrlon (halt give to or receive from any Perfon, other than the Collectors of the fskl T< lb, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the laid Collectors, or fhall forge or counterfeit any fuch Note or Ticket, or make ufe of any fuch forged or counterfeited Note or Ticket, knowing the fame to have been forged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of ar.y ot the laid l olls fliail be avoided, or if any Perfon fl'.all pals through any of the faid Toil Gates or Turnpikes with any Carriage, Horfe, or other Cattle without Payment of the Tolls for the lame after Demand thcrenr made, or fhall take off, or caufe to be taken off, any Horfe or other Cattle from any Carriage, or ihall leave or caufe to be left, upon or near any Part of the laid Roads, any Carriage, Horle, or other Cattle, or any Goods, with an Intent ro avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, every fuch Perfon fo offending in any or the Cafes aforefiis, Hull for every fuch Offence, forfeit any.Sum not exceeding Five Pounds5, whereof one Moiety fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers, aad the other Moiety to the Treafurer to the faid Truflees.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Tolls Ihdl be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be continued or elected by vutue of this Act, for any Cattle or Caniage laden with Gravel,

Sand,

Penalty for evading Payment of Toll*.

Ewrtiptlja

from Tolls.

216	47*GE°RGII	III.	SelT.	2. ' Cap. 12.

Sand, Stones, or other Materials for repairing the faicl Roads or Highways, within any of the Parilhes wherein the Roads by this Ad diredcd to be repaired do lie, or in any of the neighbouring Parilhes, for any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Comport of any Nature or Kind whatfocver (Lime excepted) for manuring any Lands or Grounds, or any Hay, or Corn iq> the Straw, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up in the Ou'-houfes or other Places belonging to therefpedive Inhabitants of the fever,d Parilhes in which the faid Roads do lie, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hufbandry, or any other Things whatfocver to be ufed of employed in the tilling or flocking of any Land, or for any Ho >e or Horfes, or other Cattle, going to or returning from Water, Partures, Tillages, or Work in Hufbandry, cr going to or returning from being ihoed or farried, or for any Horfe or Horfes employed in tarrying or con. veying the Mail or Packet under the Direction of His Majefly’sPoftmafler General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fin h Mails or Packets, or in returning back therefrom, or for any Cattle or Carriages employed only in the Conveyance of Varranrs lent by )■ al PuflVs, or for any Horfes belonging to Officers or So'diets upon theif March or upon Duty, or for any Horfes, Cattle,or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Office s or Soldiers, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or dif bled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty, having b en fo employed, or lor any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furniffied by or for any Perfon or Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and rode by them in going to or returning from their Place or Places of Exercil'e, provided fueh Perfon or Perfons are in the Uniform of their rcfprdive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided and ertabliffied for Rich Corps refpectively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions as aforefaid, or for the Horfes or Carriages of any Perfons going to or returning from any Eledion of any Knight or Knighrs of , > ihe Shire to ferve in Parliament for the Counties of Salop. Merioneth, or :v*.	, Jdenbigb, or either of them during the Time of Rich Election, or on the

Day before or Day after any fuch Eledion ffiall begin or be concluded; nor fhailany of the Tolls or Duties aforefaid be demanded or taken from any Perfon or Perfons refuiing in the faid Pariffies, Townfmps, or Hamlets, in which the laid refptdive Roads hereby direded to be repaired do li , who fhall pafs through the faid Turnpike or Toli Gate to or from th lr own Pariffi Church, Chapel, or other neareft Place of ieligi us Worihip on Sundays, Cbriftmas Day, or Good Friday, or ffiall attend the Euneialof any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall die and be buried in the fame Pariffi in which they have refpedively died, nor of or from any Redor, Vicar, or Curate, going to ,or returning from his own Pariffi Church or public Place of Divipe Worffiip, or in going to or returning from vifiting his fick Pariffioners; and if any Perfon ffiall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon ffiall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Tolls to be XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That no Per.

paid once	fon or Perfons, having paid the Tolls or Duties hereby direded to be paid

*	at any Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act,

and producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment (which Note or Ticket the Ccllector or Colledors, Receiver or Receivers is and are hereby

required

217

47° G E O R G11 III, SeiT. 2. Cap. 12.

required to give upon Receipt of fuch To>l) fhall be liable to pay any further or othdr ’I oil for returning through the lame Gate or Turnpike wuh the lame Coach, Beilin, Chariot, Landau, Cahuh, Caravan, Chafe,

'Chair, Hearfe, Litter, Waggon, Wain, CartfHurfe, Mare, Geld ng. Muir,

Als, or any other Cattle, for or in rtfpedt whereof Toil fhall have been fo paid at any Time during the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock ,n one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceedmg Night; but if any Perfbrj or I’rTfons fnall have Ocrafion to pafs at any Time tititing the fame Day (m be contoured as aforefaid) through ar.y fuch Gate or Turnpike a Thiid Time on Horfeback, or wuh any other Cattle or Carriage v htifoevcr, then and in every fuch Cale fuch Per,"on or Perfois •fnall be fubjeQ. and liable to pay the 'foil or Duty hereby impofed on fuch refpeSive Catt’e or Carriage, and fhall receive another Note or Ticket (which Note or Ticketthe Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers is and ate hereby required todrlivrr as aforclaid); and fuch Note or Ticket being produced fhall entitle him or them to return Toll free through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Hotfe, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon the fame Dav, to be computed as aforefaid, and fo toties quoiies every 1 bird Time any perion or Pcrfons lhall pafs or repafs the fame Day through any Gaie or Turnpike with the fame Hotfe, Cattle, or Carriage as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enacted, Tbit the faid Truftees, or any Five povre. tor or mote qi them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered duccVoils.' from Time to Time to lelitn, reduce, divide, proportion, and regulate,

all or any of the Tolls hereby granted and m de payable, for fuch Time or Times as they dull think proper, and to r. ife the fame again, fo as not to exceed the Tolls herein-before granted, and fuch Tolls To lrfiened, reduced, or raifed again, fhall be collected or recovered in the fame Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected and recovered.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall ard may be lawful to and Truftees m*y for the faid T uftees, or any Five or more of them, to let to farm or let the Tolls, demife all or any of the Tolls hereby made payable, for any Time or

'Perm not exceeding Three Years, f r fuch Rent to be paid and payable at Rich Times, and under fuch Covenants as the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit, or to continue the Farmer of any of the faid Tolls for a further Term, not exceeding Three Years, at fuch Rene as lhall be agreed upon (the fame not to be lels than the Rent paid or payable lor the preceding Year) the laid Truftees taking fuch fufficient Sccurnyfrom the Perfon or Perlons to whom fuch Tolls fhall be leafed or demiled for the Payment of the Renta and Performance of the Covenants, in fuch Leales to be fpecified and contained, as to the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fir, and the Money made payable by all and every fuch Leafe and Leafes lhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Adi, and not otherwife.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Tolls arifing from all Enabling or any of the Toll Gates eredted or to be eredtrd on the faid Roads, fhall Truftees to at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act be demiled or tAefoflef-Jet to farm to any Ptrfcn or Perfons whomfoever, and the Lefiee or ffbufejTn^ Ltflccs, Farmer or Farmers thereof fhal! neglect or rtfufe to perform the certain cafe?. Terms and Conditions on which the fame (hali be fo demtfed or let, or in

1Lot. & Per.']	2J	cafe

2l8

47° GEORCli III. Scff.s. Cap.12.

cafe any Kent or Rents agreed to be paid bv fuch L'fT e or L (Tee', ■Farmer or Farmers, (hall be in arrenr by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which tlie fame ought to be paid puilu nt ro his, her, or their Leaie or Agreement, then an I in eiihcr of the laid Cales the (aid Truttees, or any Five or more of them, or their Chrk, Trealurer, or Surveyor, or oth^r Perlons authorized by Wri ing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, (nail be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorised, to/enter into and upon the Pofireffion of the Toil Botife or Toll Houfcs, with the Building', Gates, and Appur enantrs t re re to belonging, fo let or demtfrd as atorelaid, and to r move or put out fuch Leffce or Lefiees, Farmer or Farmers, from the Pufl'eflion thereof, and from the Colledtion of the Tolls there payable, and that thereupon it (lull and may be lawtul for the faid Trufiees, or any Five or more ot them (f they dial! think fit) to vacate and determine the Leafe, Contradf, or Agreement, lor leafing or letting the Tolls to fuels Leflce o> Leffires, Farmer or Farmers, and the fame (hall be utteily void, to all Intents and Purp fes, (fave as ro the Covenants or Agreements for the Payment of the R nt or Kents thereby retervec); and it (hall be lawful f r the faid Profite-, or any Fiveor more ot them, in everv fuch Ca e to denr.fe or to let to f ata the faid Toils again to any o her P rf>n or Pertons, ot c'.ufe the fame to be taken and collected, as if no former Le.feor Agreement had been entered into, relative thereto.

Tor borrow- XV. And be it further enadled, That it Anil and may'be lawful to tag Money, and for the faid Trufteeg or any Five or more of them, at any Meet rig to ‘ 7 Fe for that Purpofe/ to borrow and take up at Ibtertft »{kh Su >> or Sums cf Money as they (hall think fit upon the Credir of tie Tolls to be collected by virtueof this Adf, and by Wrung under their Hands and S. als i to mortgage,' demife, and aflign over the faid Foils, cr any Part thereof, fubjedt h< vrrthelefs ro the Payment of the Money now due and < wi -g "upon the Credit of the faid recited Ads, and the Interefi thereof, wh.ch •	‘ate hereby charged and chargeable upon lurh Tolls (the Charges A fuch

Mortgages 'or Affignments to be paid out of fuch l olls )to any P' rf -n or PeAons tor any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Sccu ty , fop the Repaymefitof ifiefevcral Sums that fhall be fo borrowed, wic i the *"V;, f"; Inrercfi fhered*) and Copies 6f all iuch Mortgages of A.signm-nts, and yn.o .t •. of any new M otgages or Affignments that may be made in.litu ot any ■■■■■ . u.-yJ -Mortgage or Amg’rimeht already made lor Monev borrowed upon the ■Credit > f the faid toimer Acts (which the laid Trufiees, or any Five or -snore of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and ex cute) fhall be entered in a Book ot Books to be kept tor that Pdrptife by the Clerk o tb faid Trufiees i but no Mon y (hail be borrowed unlefs Fourteen Days previous Notice fhall have been given in fome piibltck Newf-pap’e%'' published or circulated in the Counties of Sukp, Mirioneth, or Denbigh, and on fome of the Toil Gates or Turnp kes which (hall be thtn Handii g upon the laid Roads, of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Arrowing thereof} and all Mortgages dr Affignmrjrs lo to be made, fhall -be go d, Vahd, and eftVcTu.l, bo all Intents and Purpoles and the f vetal Ptrf n- to whom*fucli Mortgages cr Affignments ihall be nude, 'Or to whom any Mortgages or Afirgno rents dull have bren made by virrue of the faid recit'd Art , o who (Wall be entitled to any Money thereby framed, and (heir refp- ctive 'Ex- cufbrs. Ad uiniftrator', or Affigns, may from Time to Time by Writing undtr-hisj fieri or their Htnd and Seal,

47° GEORG.IT III. SpZ. 2. Cap.12.	sig

o H .nt's and S.-a' , rran fi r his, her, or their Right, Tide, Inrerefi, or B*-firfit to the t'tis ci( al and lnterrll tlnr. b.y fe,. ured to any P.rf »n or PcT.wi wh .minever, by Indoriement or o'herwile in the Prelenic oi U.ie credible V itr.cfi, and rverv luch Transfer fliall be produced and notified :o thcE-id Chrk, who (hall caufe a Copy or Entry to be trade thereof, containing the ['.ate. Names of the Proprietors, and Sum of Monty therein trans-f( rr d, in the Book to be kept for entering the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which the faid Clerk (fall be pdd the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more ; and after lurh Entry made, buc not till then, every fu h Transfer (hull entitle the Affignee, his or her Executors, Aimimflra-tors, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and .every iuch AIJignee may, in l.ke Manner, align again, and fu tetics quo tics.

XVI.	And be it further enadfd. That no Adi or Determination of tve No Order re. faid Truflees, with regard to the mortgaging, aligning, or leafing the fpefting Tolls, or touching the Application thereof, or of any Money borrowed or

to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, lhall be revoked or alter d at any un.eV6 by * fub tquent Meeiing, unlefs 7'wcnty-one Days previr.us Notice fhall have Ni cTruf-been uiven under the Hand of the Clerk to the Tt ulfees in tUe Chejler or te«' Shrewsbury Nevvfpaper, fignifymg the. PI ice, Time, apii Purpofc of holding fuen Merting, and unlefs luch Meeting be h<id at the True or Place at which the Order or Determination intended to be revoked « altered (hall have been made, and Nine Truliees be prefent, and coiTeining to the revoking or altering the fame.

XVII.	And be it further tnidfed. That the faid Truliees, or any Five Old Manor more cf them, lhall and may, it thereunto required, receive and cancel Rages may b» all or any of the Mortgages now (funding out that wtre made by virtue of nailed in, and the laid former Adis, or either of them, and give and execute another "I”'?"?* Mortgage or other Mortgages in Bead and lieu thereof relpedively, in * ’1 Manner and tramferrable as herein-before is mentioned ; hut no luch lad mentioned Mortgage or Mortgages lhall extend to or ailed the 'Polls to

arfe from the faid new or additional Road hereby dirt&cd to be repaired and improved.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Tolls and other Mu- Applicatio* nies which (hall come to the Hands of the laid Truftees, or tny of them, ToUs pr their Treafurer, by virtue of this Ad, (had be applied, in the fit ft Place, borrow^ in paying and defraying the Charges and Expcnces incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing this Ad, and after Payment, Satisfadion,

and Difcharge thereof in trebling I urnpike Gates and Toll Houfes, and in amending, widening, and repairing the laid Roads, and in defraying all neceffary Colls, Charges, and Expenres attending the fiimty and the Execution of this A:t, and to no Oiher Ufc or Purpofc whatfu-ever.	.*

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further cnaded, That (ill Sum and Sums of Money to be received, or to be railed from the, Toils to ari e from the faid Branch of Read lying betwen Sbrcivjbury and Ofwfjlry a fore 1.rid, or by mortgage of the Rid Tolls, Shall be applied only in amending and repairing the faid lalt-mentionrd R°aJ, and in defraying a Prop'irt on of the Expei c s of obtaining and puffing this Adi; and that all Sum and bums of Money to be tectivtd from the Toils to ardc from

2.20

47° GEORG 11 III. Scff. 2. Cap. 12.

the ft id new < r rcic'itional Road through the Village of Sylattyn to rite Town of Cerw n alortl'aid, or by Mortgage of th; Toils tneieof, {hall be applied only in ert-ftmg To!l-houfes and Gates, ana i 1 amending a id repair ng the laid Lll-mentioned Road, and in defraying,! proportion of the Expenres of obtaining and p.fiing this Adi; and thac the laid Evpences of obtaining and palling this Act lh-ril be propoitioned and divided by the fi d Truftees, at their Fit ft or Second Meeting fur carrying the fame Aft into Execution a, any Tning hereirr-beforc contained toihe contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

'Pnrt of s certain Road not to be •made without Order of Twenty * TruRees.

XX.	Provided alio, and be it further enafted, That nothing In this Aft contained Ilia!) extend, or be conilrued to extend, to author,ze the Did Trultees, or any of them, to amend, widen, or rep-ft, the laid new or additional Ro.id through Sylatiyn to Coriven aforefaid, further or nearer to Convex than terrain Slate Quarries in ihePariih of JLlsnfaintfraii Glyr.ccricg, now in the federal Holdings of' IV,Ilium Davies, John Wynne, MelTLurs Edwards anti Hax'etfine, being at theDillance of about Nine Miles from Of«seft?y aforefaid,- unlels die further Continuance or Ex-tepfron thefc, f (hall be determined and agreed upon at a General Meeting of tr>e laid Truftees, to be held in pi! fuance of a Notice to be given-for that Pnrpoie. (prettying the Bulincfs of fuih Meeting, and to be infertrid Three Times in each of the Sbrevfjhvy P.iprrs, and unlels Twenty Trofiecs lhail be prTent, and the major Part of them (hail be confenttng to the laid Continuante and Extcnfion; any Thing • herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

TruHees may	XXI. And be it further enafted, That the (bid Truftees, or any Five

rotten,divert, or mors of them, lhail be, and are hereby tuily authorized and tnt-aiid alter powered, from Time to Time, a> they fnall think proper, to widen, urchafc111^ divert, or alter the C.ourle or Path of any Part or Par s of the End Tendi. Roads, and that any fucii widening or Variation of Road may be made thfoueh or over any Common or Wnlle Ground, without making any Sat>.<faction for the fame, sn.l through any private Grounds or Mere-di|amerps, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and- Perlons in-lecclt-d tisercin, for the Damage they may thereby fullain ; and it fliali r «. pbe lawful for the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of iliem, from Time fo Time, to comr ift and agree with the Owners of and Pcrfons tntcrefted in any Lands or Hcredit .ments for the Puichafe or Exchange thereof, or f or any L f or Damage as aforefaid i and for that Purpofc it fhall be lawful for all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Truftees, and Committees, not only for and on B.-half of themlelves, their Heirs and SucccfTors, but alfo for and on Behalf of anv Infants, CeftuKjue Trulls, Lunatics, Idiots, or Perlons of unfoond Mud, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or lhail be (eilcd or in .on ft.ft in their own Right, and to and for a’l and every ocher Pci for and Pnfons who ate or (hall be feifed, p. defied of, or iuterelled in, ar.y iuen L inds or Heteditamen‘s, to contra:t wiih the laid Truft. e-, or any Five or m rc of them, for the Satitfaftion to be made for fuch Damage as aforelaiJ, or to exchange with, lell, and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them all or any lueh LlamT or Here.ligaments for the Pur— poles af refuie j and.all Gontrnfts, Ex hanges, Sales, and Conveyames, which Avail be f» made, fhall be vaid, fo all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, UDee, or other Matter er Thing, to the contrary n * * ?•»	C	withftandiBgt

221

47°GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. 12.

withftanding; and ali fuch Corporations, Guardians, Feoffees, Truflees, Committees, and oiher Perfons, fhall be, and are hereby indemnified, for what they (hall do by virtue of this ; and if any fuch Corporations, Where Own-Guardians, Feoffees, Truflees, Committees, or other Perfon or Perfons ,0*nd* interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him or treat) ajury her or them given or left in Wiiting at the Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling tobe impan-Houfes, or other Place or Places of Abode, of fuch Perfon or Perfons, nelled. or of the Principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Corporation, or at the Houfe cf the Tenant in Poffeffion of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of fuch Roads are to be diverted, turned, or altered,

(hall, for the Space of Twenty-one Days next after Notice given or left, negleft or refute to treat, or (hall not agree in the Prennfes, or by reafon of Abfcnce (hall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall caufe fuch Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and al'certained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County, and, in order thereto, the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occafion (hall be or require, to fumrr.on and cal! before fuch Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Perfon or Perfons, which Oath any One of the faid Truflees is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter; and the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, (hall, by ordering a View, or otherwife, ufe alt fuch Ways and Means as they (hall think proper, as well for their own as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Preinifes; and after the faid Jury (hall have enquired of and affeffed fuch Damage and Recompence, the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, (hall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money fo afiefled by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners and other Perfons interefted in fuch Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdkil and Inquifltioo of luch Jury, which faid Verdidb or Inquifi'ion and Judgment, Order or Determination thereupon, (hall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Perfons claiming or to claim in Pofftffion, Reverfion,

Remainder, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well abfent as prelent, Corpor .tions, Infants, Femes Coverts, Lunatics, Idiots, and Perfons under any Difability whatfoever, as well as all other Perfons ; and for fummoning and returning fuch Jury, the faid Truflees, or any ByT™ae<* Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to iflue their Warrants to Warrant, the Sheriff of the County where the faid Roads fhall be fituate, requiring Sheriff to him to impannel, fummon, and return, Twenty-four Perfons qualified to imPannel ferve upon Juries, to appear before the faid Truflees, or any Five or Jury‘ more of them, at fuch Time and Place as i,n fuch Warrant fhall be appointed; and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo impannelled, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch	r

of them as (hall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Truflees, or any	~

Five or more of them, lhall and they are hereby required to draw by Ballot, and to fwear, cr caufe to be (worn, Twelve Men, who (hall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid, and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen fo returned, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy, or any Five or more of the faid Truflees, (hall return fuch other honelt and indifferent Men of the S:anders-by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, as will make up the Number Twelve, and all Perfons concerned fhall have fhetr lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when I Loo- fe? Per.]	3 K	they

322	4?"GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap:: 12.

they come to be fworn ; and the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premifes, fhall have Power from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his Deputy, Bailiffs, or Agents, making fuch Default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons who (hall he fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and (hail not appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn, or being (worn, (hail relule to give, or rot give ins Veidict, or it?, any other Manner willully neglect his or their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ac!, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the laid jury, (hall lefufe or neglect to appear, or appearing (hall r<fu!e to be Iworn, or being (worn, (hall refufe to be examined or to give Evidence, lb that no fuch Fine be more than Five Pounds on any One Perfun for One Offence.

flow Expen- XXII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Jury (h .!! give in cesofjmy	and deliver aVeidct or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence or

fhall be paid.	Satisfaction for the Right, Intereft. or Property of any Pertbn or Perfons

in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lot's or Damage to be- by' ihem fuftained, than what (hall have been agreed to and offered by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, before the fummoning and returning of the Jury, then and in fuch-Cafe the Coils and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnefiei fhall be borne and paid by the laid Truflecs, or any Five or more of them, ouc of any Money arifing By virtue ‘of this Act; but if (uch Jury fhall give in and deliver a Verdift of Affeffmtnt for no more or for lefs Money than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the laid Truftces, or any Five or more of them, before the fummoning and returning the laid Jury, as a Recommence or Satisfadl ion for any Left High', Imerelt, or Property, or Lois or Damage as aforefaid, then the Cb(ts: and Expences ot fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witncffc's (ball be borne and paid by the Pcrfon or Perfons with whom the faid TVriftees fhall have fuch Contro--Veify or Difpute : Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Pcrfon or Pi rions (hall, bv reafon of Absence, have been prevented from treating, (uch Cods and Ejtpences fliali be paid by the laid Truftces ouc of the Money arifing by virtue of this Act.

Moijeyagreed	XXIII. Arid be it funher enabled. That all and every fuch Slim or

upon, or af- Sums cf Monty, Confideratiun, Recompence, and Satisfaction, to be Lands^hoW aorec^ f<ir or afttertained or afltffed as afohefaid, (hall be paid otu of the to^e paid or I oils*, or out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue cf this Aft, according tendered. to the Dirtftions hertF-tfter contained, either inro the Bank of England, or (as the Cafe may require) rathe Parties or Perfons refpeftively entitled to luch Monies, or to their Agents, and 'Upon Payment or Tender thereof to luch Perfons, or their Agents, of in cafe of Relufal to accept the fame, then upon de pod ring the fame in the Bank of England in Manner hetein-af er mentioned, it dial'{and may be laWul for the faid Truftces. or any Five r.r more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into and upon, and to take or add to the laid Roads, fuch Lands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every luch A'Ct, Matter, and Thing, w th "Relation to fuch Lands and Hereditaments, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit, and the laid Lands and Hereditaments fo added to, taken in, or made Part of the

faid



47" GEORGII III. SefT. 2, Cup, 12*

faid Roads, fhall be fenced from the adjoining Lands in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall direft, and (hall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Roads hereby direfted to be repaired forever thereafter, and fhall, to all Intents and Purpofes, be a public Common Highway, and (hall be repaired and kept in Repair by fuch Ways and Means as the Roads hereby direfted to be repaired are by this Aft to be repaired and ktpt in Repair; and after fuch new Road fhall be completed, the Lands or Grounds conftituting the old or former Road (unlefs leading over fume Common or Wafle Land, or to fome Village, Town, Hamlet, or Place, to which the new Roads do not lead) fhall be verted in, and fhall and may be fold and conveyed by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for the bcft Price that can be gotten for the lame, and the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhall be applied to the Repair of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, and ail Deeds of Conveyance executed by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and intolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which the Lands hereby conveyed fhail lie, fhall be good and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes; but this Aft fhall not extend to the taking down of any Dwell-ing-houfe, or any Park, Paddock, planted Walk, incloted Nurfery for Trees, or Avenues to a Houfr, or any Part thereof, without the Content of the Owners or Proprietors thereof refpeftively in Writing firfthad and obtained.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That before any fuch Lands or Grounds fhall be fold in purfuance of this Aft, the faid Truftees fhall and they are hereby required, in the Firft Piace, to offer the fame at a fair and real'onacle Price to fuch Perion or Perfons as fhall have any Eftates, Lands, r-r Grounds, lying near or contiguous to or intermixed therewith ; and in cafe fuch Perion or Perfons (hall not then and thereupon agree, or lhall refufe to purcfiafe the fame an Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mailer or Mafters Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before arty One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County where fuch Land or Ground lhall be, by fome Per-fon or Perfons noways interefted in the (aid Lands or Grounds, dating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Truftees, and fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was offered fhall in all Courts what-foever be futficient Evidence and Proof that luch Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be); and in cale fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be defirous of purchafing the fame, and he, (he, or they, and the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall differ and not agree with refpeft to the Price thereof, in fuch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof fhall be afeertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before direfted with refpeft to difputed Value of Premifes to be purchafed by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, in purfuance of this Aft ; and the Expences of hearing and determining fuch Difference fhall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before direfted with refpeft to Purchafes of Land made by the faid Trullees mutatis mutandis.

1 ,1

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That the Principal Money to arife from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall -be purchafed for the Purpofes of this Aft, of any Body Corporate, Eccle-

fiaftical,

Not to extend to Houfes, &c.

Application of Money when exceeding 4,300.

224.	476	GE,ORGII 111. SdlVc, Cajr.r*.v

’fiiftical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate ar Sole, not having the Power to fell without the Authority of this Ad, Feoffees in Truft, Guardians, Committees, or other Truftees, or from aay Feme; or Feme Covert, or other incapacira'ed Perfon or Peifons, fhall, in cafe the fame lhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name of and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees tor executing this Afi, or any Five or more of them, to the Intent thatrfuch Money (hail be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Older made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been tniiiled to the Kents and Profits of the laid Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dtfcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the fail Court fhall authorize to be paid, affc&ing the lame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands cr Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Monty fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invelled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, which fhall be fo conveyed and fettled, to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Pui poles, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be I) purchaled, taken, or ufed as afurefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exilling undetermined, or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold fur thePurpoles afurefaid, the Dividerds and Annual Produce of the faid Conlolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, fhall from Time ro Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled ro the Kents and Profits of the faid Lands and Hereditaments hereby directed to be pur-chafed, in cafe .fuch Purchafe or Settlement had been made.

"Where	XXVI.	Provided	always, and be it.further enadled. That if any Money

Money does fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, «*“- taken, or ufed for the Pur poles aforelaid. and belonging to any fuch Cor-Mcceding	poration, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Disability or Incapacity as

jfe'zo.	aforcLid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall

exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon cr Peifons for the Time bting entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchaled, taken, or ufed,or of his, her,or their Guardian or Guardians, Committeeor Committees, in cafe of infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their r< fpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name, aiul with the Privjiy t.f the Lid Accountant Gkieial of the High Court of Chancery, and be [laced to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-befere directed, orotherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by thcPericn or Perfons •	•	t	'	-	~	making

225

47* G EORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 12; '

making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Truftees, or any Fiy» or more of them (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing therefrom, may be appi cd in Manner hcrein-before diredled, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further erased, That where fuch Where left Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, fhall be 1 an *^0• lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame fl ail be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufcd as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacv, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of futh Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeflively.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons In cafe of not

to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of	out

any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of this A£t, (hall Owner«°can-refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the not be touad. Premil'cs, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of

them •, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments be not known or difrovered, then and ine very fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Patties interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, \defiribing them], fubjeft to the Order, ControuJ, and Difpofition of the fartl Court of Chancery ■, which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hail be and is hereby empowered, in a fummtry Way of Proceeding or otherwife as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publrck Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Paymenc of the Dividends thereof, according to the rtfpe&ive Eflate or Eftates, Title or Imereft, of the Perlcn or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the P.-emifes as to the faid Court (hall teem juft and reafonable •, and the Cafhter orCalhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for luch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofeUfe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Ptr-lons as fhall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where Quef-Qucftion fhall aiife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be tionsihallarife paid into the Bank of England in the N^nie and with the Privity of the touchingTide Accountant General, in purluance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Perfonin°rof-Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any feffiondeemed Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Moncv,or to the Dividends

[Lee. fs9 Per.-}	3	L	or	theret0‘

s26	47° G EO R G11 III.: SdfltCCty. i u

or Intereft of any fueh Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who would have been in Poffeffion of fuch lands or Hereditaments at the Time of fuel) Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perlon or Perfops, or under the Poffelfion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary (hall be fhewrr, to the Satisfaction of the faid Court * and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of Inch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it Ihall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Poffeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftats or Intereft therein.

Court of	XXX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where, by reafen

Chancery	any	Djfability	or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation,

peiicea of X" entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the ?urchafes,&c. Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the lame Ihall be required to be paid into the laid Court, and to be applied in the Purchale of other Lands or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Aft, it Ihall be lawful for the laid Court to order the Expends of all Purchafe* from Time to Time to be made in purluanceof this Aft, or fo much of fetch Expences as the Court Ihall deem reafonable, together with the peceffarv Colts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or anv Five or more of them, who fhail from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money lor fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fiia.ll direct.	e)<	*

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That it Ihall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to the faid Truftees, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they Ihall appoint, to fearch for, dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stone, or other Materials proper for re-paiiing the laid Roads, in and out of any River or Brook, Waite or Common, of any Parilh, Town, Village or Hamlet, near or adjoining to the faid Road*, without paying any Thing for the fame, and to lead or carry away the fame upon, over, or through the private Lands or Ground* of any Perfon whomfoevet, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fencing or flopping all fuch Holes and Fits where any fuch Materials as aforefaid (hall be dug* gathered, and taken, fo as to prevent any Mifchief or Accident thereby* and it {hall alfo be lawful for fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Ptrfons, by Order of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to fearch for, dig, and gather fuch Materials in, and carry the fame out of the Fields or Grounds of any Perfons, (not being the Ground whereon any Houfes or Buildings ftand, or a Garuen, Orchard, Yard, Meadow, Park, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any Houfe, or any Plantation or Nurfery for Trees), and from Time to Time to carry away the lame, paying fuch Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers refpeftively of the Ground where and from whence the fame Ihall be dug, gathered, or carried away, or upon, over, or through'which the fame or any other Materials fo dug and gathered as aforefaid Ihall be carried or drawn, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, Ihall adjudge reafonable* and in cafe of any Difference between fuch Owner* or Occupiers and the faid Truftees, touching fuch Damages as aforefaid, the Juftices of the Pracc a; their next General Quarter Scflions, or at the

the

Surveyors may get Materials.

227

47aGEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 12.

the Second General Quarter Selfions at the fartheft, to be holden for the County wherein fuch Lands Ihall lie, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof being given bv either Party to the other, (hall hear, fettle, affefs, and determine the Matters of fuch Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order cf the laid Juftices therein Ihall be final and condufive to and upon all Parties.

XXXII.	Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That Notice to be it fhall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Perfonor Perfons |"^b^ore under the Authority of this Aft, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any ta^Mate-Matet ials for making or repairing any of the faid Roads, out of or from rials from in-any Indofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, figned by the clofedLandi. Surveyor, Ihall have been given to the Land Owner or his known Agent,

or to the Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left at fuch Occupier’s ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or any T wo Juftices of the Peace afting for the County or Place wherein fuch Premifes Ihall lie, to Ihew Caufe why fuch Materials (hall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch LandOwner, Agent, or Occupier Ihall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, the faid Truftees or Juftices Ihall, if they think proper, authorize fuch Surveyor, or other Perfons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to fuch Truftees or Juftices Ihall feem proper; and if fuch Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier, Ihall refufe or wilfully negleft to appear by himfelfor herlelf, or by his, her, or their Agent, the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices Ihall and may make fuch Order therein as they Ihall think fit, as fully and effcftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended, and the Order of fuch Truftees or Juftices Ihall be final and condufive to all Parties.

XXXIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Penalty for fhall take away any Materials which fhall have been dug, gotten, or taking away gathered, for the Repair or Ufe of the faid Roads, or Ihall raife or carry Materials got away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which (hall have been made VJur" or opened for the Purpole of getting Materials for the faid Roads, before 1

the faid Surveyors or their Workmen Ihall have difeontinued working therein foi the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his or her own private Ufe only, and not for Sale), every Perlon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five Surveyors or more of them, or the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Perfon or ma)r make Pcrlons by them appointed or employed, may and is and are hereby ^aufeways> authorized and empowered to make, or caufe to be made, any Caufeway C‘

or Footpath in or along the Side of any Part or Parts of Lhcfaid Roads, and to cut, or caufe to be cut, any Water-courfe, in, through, or acrofa any Lands or Grounds, in order to drain or prevent the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, from being overflowed, and to ereft Bridges over l'uch Drains or Water-courfes, if cectflary, making fuch reafonable Satisfaftion to the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Lands or Grounds for the Damages thereby fuftained as to the faidTruftees,or any Five or more of them, fhall feem meet.

XXXV.	And

228	47*	GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 12.

Surveyors to XXXV. And be it further enaftcd, That it fhaii be lawful for the faid remove	Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall

Annoyances. appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent ail Nuitanccs on any Part of the laid Roads, or on the Sides thereof, by Filth, Dung, Afhes, Rubbifh, or otherwifc, and to remove all Obltruclions being in or upon the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, and to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, and make deeper any Watercourfe or Ditch adjoining or near to the faid Roads, and at proper Seafons of the Year to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bufhes growing in the faid Roads, or in the- Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and to cut or plafh fuch Hedges, the Owners or Occupiers of the Premifes neglecting to cut down fuch Trees or Bullies, or to cut or plalh fuch Hedges, or to open, cleanfe, or fcour fuch Watercourfes, or to remove fuch Nuifances for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, under the Hand or Hands of the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be fettled by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands) to be reimburfed to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors by the Perlon or Per-fons making Default therein ; and fhall be recovered and levied in fuch Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences againft this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and levied; and if any Perfon fhall again offend in like Manner, every fuch Perfon I'o offending, (hall for every fubfequent Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

Perfons liable XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and to repair the Perfons, Towns, Parilhes, Hamlets, and Places, and the I .habitants dnue fo°C°n" thereof, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who, before the making of this Aft, hath or have ufed, or of Right ought by Reafon of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or on any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the faid Road, or any Bridge, Drain, or Watercourfe, in or upon the fame, fhall, notwi h-ftar.ding this Aft, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Rrpairs, in the fame Manner as they and every of them have or hath heretofore ufually been. Or would have been, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Statute Duty.	XXXVII, And be it further ennfted, That the Surveyor or Survey.

ors of the Highways of the refpeftive Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places within which any Part of the faid Roads, hereby intended to be repaired, doth lie, fhall on an Order in Writing made by any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County wherein fuch Parifhes, Town-Ihips, or Places fhall lie, fhall on Application 10 them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, and delivered to fucli Surveyor or Surveyors, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or refptdive Places of Abode, bring and deliver, within Ten Days afterwards, to the faid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, true and perfeft Lifts in Writing of the Names of the fe-reral Perfons who within fuch Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places refpec-tively fhall be by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofnion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid by each Perfon, which Lifts (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriclions as are or 3	may

47° GE.ORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 12.	229

may be direbLd by any Law or Sifltute in Force anJ Effcft for the Re-pa, i of the oublick Highways; and the fame, when i'o drf.vcred in as aforefaid, (bail belaid before loth Two Juftices as aforeiaid, by the faid Turnpike Surveyor or Sirveyor.', and lutb Two Juftices (hall arid may adjudge and determine what Fart or Proportion of the laid Statute Work, not exceeding Three Days in the Whole, (ball every Year be done upon the UitV Roads by the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Lands ot Tenements in the fa d refpeidive Paiidles, Town (hips, or Places, and alio what Proportion of ;he M,ney received or to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fitch Pari lit, Townfhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofitton for Statute Work, (ball be by him, h< r, or them paid to the laid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors ; and the faid k Perfons named or letumed in (uch Lifts as liable to uo Statute Work,

(hall and ate hereby required to do and perform fuch Proportion as afore-iaid thereof on fuch Parts of the Lid Roads lymj> within the faid Parifbes,

Townfhips, or Places refpedively, and at fuch Time (not being Hay-, time orHarveft) as the Lid Trqfjees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall direbt and appoint ; and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Lid refpebtjve Parifhes, Townfhips, and Places tor the Time being, within Ten Days after Notice given to him or them, by the (aid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors of the Time or Times when and the Place or Places where fuch Pcifuns refpeblively are to do fuch Statute Work, fhall fummon or give publick Notice thereof to fuch Perfons refpeblively ; and if any Surveyor of the Lid Highways fhall refufe or neglecl to do as fuch Surveyors are hereby re* quired and directed to do, he or fhe, for every fuch Refufai or Neglecr,

Ihall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with, the Colls and Charges of recovering the fame, and the Lid Forfeitures,

Cofls, and Charges, fhall and may be levied and recoveied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more Juft ice or Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be or reftde, which Warrant fuch Jufticeor Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant upon Conteffion of the Party, or upon the Teftimony of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneifes upon Oath, which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby required and empowered co admi-niftcr.

XXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That every Perfon liable to do penalty on fuch Statute Work as aforeiaid, who fhall neglebt or refufe to do the Perfons ne-fame, after Notice for that Purpofe being given as aforefaid, fhall for 8,e<^inS 10 every Day of his or her Default, or the Default of any Labourer or La- Work*^1* bourers. Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horle or HorLs, Beaft or Beafts, to be provided by him or her, be fubjebt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon may be fubjtbl or liable to by any Law or Statute then in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be fent with or to attend any Team or Draught to work on the faid Hoads, fhall beiound idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered todifmifs and difeharge the Perfon who fhall be fo found idle e>r negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon, and the Ownbf of every fuchTeatn or Draught, lhall refpeclivt-ly be fubject and liable tb the refpebtive Pains, Penalties,

\Lic. 13s Pee.]	3	M	and

-3° '

Compoli'ion Muncy, &c.

Truftees to compound for Statute Work.

Truflees may contrail for Repair of Roads.

47® GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 12.

and Forfeitures aforefaid, in like Manner as if he had negletfted or re-fufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to Work as afmfaid, all which Penalties and Forfeitures fhali be paid to the Treasurer to the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and applied to the l’urpofes of this Aft.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That the Proportion of the Money

received, or winch ought to be received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or every luch Townlhip, Parifti, or Place as aforefaid, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, and adjudged and determined by fuch Two Juftices as alorefrid to be by fuch Surveyor cr Surveyors paid to the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall be fo paid to them or him, at fuch Time or Times as fuch 1 wo Juf-tiecs as aforefaid (hall direct or appoint, and in default of Payment thereof the lame, togeth- r with all reafonable Cofts and Charges of the Recovery thereof, lhall and may from Time to Time be levied on the Application of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or their laid Surveyor or Surveyors, by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Htghw .ys of fuch Parilh, Townfhrp, or Place, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hinds and Seals, of One or more Jul-tice or Justices of the Peacfe for the County or Place where the Defaulter or Defaulters (hall rcftde,

XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hail be lawful for the faiu Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwile with PofT'ir.rs, Occupiers, Grantees, Truftees, Feoffees and Committees ocLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, who arc a d fhali be liable to or ch rgeable with the Repair of any Part of the faid Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Pcrfon or Per-fons for the Performance of his, her, or their Sr'tute Work thereon j and alio that it fhali be lawful for the Suiveyoror Surveyors of the Highways cfany of the fa d Parilhes, Townfhips, or Places, by and with the Confenc of the Majori y of the Inhabitants of fuch Parilhes, Townlhips or Places, firft had at any Vcilry or public Meeting of ftich Inhabitants, to compound and agree for a certain Sum of Money, by t1 e Year or otherwile, in lieu of the Statute Woik to be done upon any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, all which Cumpofi inn Money (hall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and fhali be applied in repair of the faid Roads; and all fuch Highway Su veynrs (hall be reimbmfed the Moni-s f> by them paid, in fuch Manner as Surveyor* of the Highways are by Law to be reimburfed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XLI And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or moie ot them, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to conti afl and ag ee with any Perfon or Perfons for the repairing, widening, improving, altering, turning, or amending the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for d1 in'" any other Work to be done in the Exe ution of this Ad, in luch Manner, and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Truftees, ,tjr any Five or more of them, (bail think proper.

XLII. And

47° GEORGII TIL Seff.2. Cap is.	C31

XL1I. And be it further enafted, Tha it (h I! aid nuy be 1 fd for Tn-fi '"'■'if the faid Trulb-es, or any Five or more of them, to c.ufe ih f.iid H ads or any P?it (hereof, to be meafured, and Stones or Foils to be let up in or near the Sides of the faid Roads, with Infcriptions thereon den ting ti e Number of Miles and Dillance of Places, and alfo to ereft Polls at ail or any of the Highways or Lanes leading out of the Roads hereby dot £1 d to be repaired, with Infcriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places luch Highways or Lanes relpeftively lead ; and il any Perfon final 1 wilfully break, obliterate, deface, or pull up any of the Stones or Polls already ereft.d by virtue of the laid recited Ads, or to be erefted by virtue of i his Act, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence, One Moiety whereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety laid out in repairing the faid Roads.

iLIII. And be it further enadted, That all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes Turnpike* and Toll Houfes, and other Buildings and Works erefted or to be erefted &c. veiled by the Trullees for the Care of the laid Roads, and the Materials of which *n TraHee*. the fame do or (hall confift, and all Materials which fhall be provided by the Trullees fur carrying this Act into Execution, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors for repairing the faid Roads, fhall be and are hereby veiled in the laid Trullees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to aifpofc of the lame as they (hall think fit, and to bring, or caufe to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of any one of them, or of theirTrealurer orClerk, or to prefer and piolecute, or order and direft the preferring and prolecuting of Indiftmcnts againft; any P.rfon or Perfons who fhall dig up, break, or pull down. Heal, take, or carry away, fpoil, injure, or deltroy any of the faid Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houles, and other Buildings, or any of the Materials aforeiaid, or do any Aft to hinder or obllruft any Perfon employed by the faid Trullees, ot any Five or more of them, in the Execution of this Aft.

XLIV. And be it further enafted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by ^^	^

this Aft impofed or inflifted (the Manner of levying and recovering where-of is not hereby otherwifc particularly directed) (hall upon Proof of the veredandap-Offences refpeCtively before any Jultice of the Peace for the County where- Plied-in the Offence fhall be committed, either by the Confeflion of the Parties refpeftively, or by the Oath of one credible Witnefs (which Oath fuch Jullice is hereby empowered and required to adrr.inilter) be levied and recovered by DittreL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Jullice (which Warrant luch Jullice is heieby empowered to grant) and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of fuch Con-viftion, D.llrels, and Sale (fuch Charges to be fettled and afeertained by the Jullice before whom fuch Convidtion fhall be made) arc recovered and dedufted, (hall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when fo levied and iecovered, fhall from Tune to Time be paid to the faid Trullees, or any Five or more of them-, or to their Tiealurer, and fnall be applied (if not otherwile particularly direfted by this Aft) for and towards amending the faid Roads, and other the Purpoles ot this Aft ; and in cafe fufficient Diflrels cannot be found, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be foithwkh paid, it lhall be lawful for any fuch Jullice, and he is hereby

authorized

232

Form of Conyi£ion»

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 12.

authorize! and required, by Warrant under his Hand and S al, to caufe lech Off'indfis re’peftively ip be committed tothts tomnion Gaol for luch County, there "to remain without Bail or Mamprize, for fuch Tutit as fuch juitiic Ihaih direct, not exceeding Thiee Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and I erfi itures, and all reafo'nable Charges aitencing the fame, lba 1 be fojner paid and fatisfied.

XI,V. And be it further enacted, That all Judices of the Peace and Truitees, before whom any Pcifon lhall be convifted of any Odcnceagaii.lt this Aft, lhall and may cauie the Conviction in be drawn up in the fol-lowing Form, or to the 1 ke Efieft; (that is to lay),

« dE it remembered. That on the	Day	of

*	One thoulanct eight hundred and	in the

‘ Year of His Majefty’s Reign, A. B. is convifted before me 'C.D. one

*	of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of

< [or, as the Cafe may be~\, before us whofe Names are hereunto fubferibed,

*	Deing	of	the Truitees named in or afting under and by virtue, of

« an Aft made in (he

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon lhall think hirr-thr Oerter Iclf aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, and for which Settions! U 110 particular Method of Relief hath been hereby appointed (except in Cafes where the final Determination is directed by this Act) fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quaiu-r Seffions of the Peace to beholden for tbe.C°unt^ wherein the Caule of Appeal (hall arife, within Three Calendar Months after fucb Caufeof Appeal lhall have arifen, the Perfon appealing firft giving of caufing to be given Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of bis or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Caufe or Matier thereof, to the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid •	;	Truitees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice entering into a Kecog-

■®“* ” - rfiancc before fame Jultice of the Peace for luch County, with Two luffi-cient Surtties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay fuch Colts as lhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch (Quarter .Sefiion ; and the Juftices at fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, lhall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matteraof every fuch Appeal, in a fummary Way, and award fuch Colts to the Party appealing or appealed againft, as the faid Juftices in their laid Quarter Seffions (hall direct, and the Determinations of the faid Juftices lhall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

XLV1I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order, Verdi&, Proceedings Affelfment, Judgement, or other Proceeding made, touching or con-"uafocd'for ccrn’n8 any °f the Matters aforefaid, or touching the Conviction of any want of	Offender againft this Aft, lhall be quaffied or vacated for want of Form

Form,	only, or be removed or rcmoveable by Certiorari, or any Other Writ or

Ptocefs whatfoc-ver, into any of His Majeft/s Courts of Record at lVeftmin[ler, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding j and where any D ftrqfs lhall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diltycfs itfclf lhall not be deemed unlawful, nor any of the Parties making t|K fame be deemed a Trefpaffrr or

Trdpaffcrs,

4?° GfiORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 12.	233

Trefpafierj, on Account of any Defed Cr Want'of Form in the Summon?,

Convidion, Wjttfjnt' of Diftrefs, of other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall any of (he Parties diftraining be deemed rrefpafifcrsabinitio on Ac-o unt of any Irregularity winch (hall be aftci wards by them done, but the rtfpeclivc Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Sat'sfaction for the Special Damage, in any Act on upon the Calcj piovided ftfat no Plaintiff (hall recover in any Action for fuch Irregularity, if !uf« ficienr Tender of Amends bath been made to him by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Action-Drought.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Perfons who have CompeUmfj fubfenbed to pay any Money for and towards making and repairing the Perfons to new or additional Roads herein-before mentioned and defcribtd, and de- pay Subfcriprj fiaying the Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, ih.11 and arc tlon’’ hereby required to pay the Sums by them refpedively iubfcribed within fu h Time and Times, and in fuch Shares and Proportions, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees, cr any Five or more of them, fhall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to rective the fame ; and if any Perfon (hall negled or refufc to pay the fame, or an; Pan thereof as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to fue for and rrcover the fame in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, by Adion of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no EfToign, Pro-tedion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance lhall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit {hall be Limitation of bmught or profecuted for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, Aftians. ev. y fuch Adion or Suit fhall be commenced within Two Calendar M n hs next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and tried in the County wherein the Caufe of Adion fhall have arilen, and n"t elltwhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or SuU fh >11 and nay pie d the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special M tterin Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wa.» done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad, and if the fame fh.ll appear to have been fo done, or if any Ad ion or Suit fhall be brought aft- r (he Time before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Vcrdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaint fF (hall be nonfuited, or fuffer a Dilcominuance of his, her, or their Adion or Suit. after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fh.ll be given againft the Plaintiff or Plainufts, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Cods, and (hall have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Drfcndant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other Calc by Law.

L. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publirk Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufticcs, and others, without being Ipecially pleaded.

[LK.&Per.]	3 N

LI. And

234

Commencement and Duration of this Aft.

U '



470 GEORGII III. Sell.2. Cap.r2.

LT.	And be ic further enafted, That this A& fhall commence upon the laid Fourth Tbu^Jday ir. the Month ol AuguH next, and (hall have Con* tinuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and trom thenc« to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Evre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

«	•	»	i	-	i	*	•••	••

\ f - v m	yniry/

. X ftfU ii ***



t . \p-.:	;»«o	•<-,■ ']i-T.* lit;

,t,	i!ifi*d:<unv vea*

-	...	\.t	Mt-e	;	• :n h 'Tip

I

}j 9 xjt-lj/i	I.

OJJ ? V.l	02T/	«.fc

rs {fu)n»A

*3f izft/ia.w; 1 . . .

,,	4’>i	ajdaltinau}!

*•' « ■	1	'(tW	•	**•?$*	'■[	:f	y

iD • \	•	,	■	1	■	*	?«

r'l

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

.. .	, 4:	: ' v, 5 ;.	- • T‘	'■ *• 1 ■'? i\ X	‘ ' :

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell: 2.

****** **«*.*,>**********»**** ***************************

Cap. 13.

An Aft for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Crofs to Miljield Burn, and from Wooler to Boivjdon Burn, in the County ot Northumberland.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the North End of Breamiji.i Turnpike Road, at or near Percy's Crofs, to Milfield Burn, where the fame joins the ford Turnpike Road, and alfo the Road from the Town of Wooler towards Berwick, where the fame joins the Turnpike Road in the County of Durham, at or near Bowfdon Burn, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be fufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Courfe of Law, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That James Trufteee. Allgood, George AJkcw, Edward Anderfon, Sir Francis Blake Baronet, the Honourable Henry Grey Bennett, Francis Blake, Charles William Bigge,

William Burrell, William Sadler Bruere, William Burden, Thomas Bates,

John Bailey, John Bell, John Barber, James Bell, Palfrey George Burrell,

Henry Collingwood, Charles John Clave ring, Thomas Clennell, John Carr of Hedgely, Edmund Crajler, Anthony Compton, George Cul/ey, Matthew Culley of Akcld, Matthew Culley of Fouberry, John Carr of Ford, John Davifon, Alexander Davijon, John Dinning, James Forjlcr, Jcfeph Forjler,

Sir Henry Grey Baronet, John Grey of Sandyhoufe, John Grey of Kimmer-Jlon, Anthony Grigson, Sir Carnaby Hagger/lon Baronet, Thomas Haggcr-Jlone, William Haigh Clerk, Thomas Howey, Nathaniel Handapjde, George [Loc. Ss3 Per.]	3	0	Hughes,

23$

Qualification of the

Truftees.

Oath.

4.70 GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Gap. 13.

Hughes, Sandcrfon lldcrton, Richard Jobfon, Wiiliam 'fobfon, William James, Collingwood Forjlcr James, Sir Thomas Henry Liddell Baronet, Anthony Lambert, John Lambert, William Lowry, Henry Morton, Thomas Morton, Alexander Mole, John Nijbctt, George Nicbolfon, the Right Honourable Lord OJfutfton, William Orde, John Orde, Leonard Orde, Horace S Paul, Horace St. Paul junior, James Pinkerton, John Pratt, h chert George Riddell, Lancelot Reed, James Robfon, Sir John Edward Swinburne Baronet, Henry Collingwood Selby, Francis Sitwell, John Staward, Adam Sibbitt, Thomas Selby, Thomas Vardy, Nicholas Walton, William Watfon of Middleton, and Edward Werge, and their SuccefTo'S, to be tlefted in Manner herein-after mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Tr.ullees for amending, widening, turning, (hortei.ing, varying, altering, and improving the faid Roads, and for otherwife putting this Aft in Execution.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of afting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, unlefs he fhall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the aftual Pof-or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or fhall be Heir apparent of a Perfon pofiefled of an Eftate in fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or fhall be pofleffed of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate of Three thoufand Pounds, nor (except in adminiftering tire Oath herein-after mentioned) until he fhall have taken and fubferibed. before any Two or more of the faid Truftees, an Oath, in the Words or to the Effeft following; (that is to fay),

e | A. B. do fwear, That 1 truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or, 4 in the Right of my Wife] in the aftual Pofftflion and Enjoyment 4 [or, Receipt) of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Here-4 ditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above ‘ Reprizes [dr, am Heir Apparent of a Perfon feifed of fuch an Eftate of * the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or, poffefied of a Per-‘ fonal Eftate of the Amount of Three thoufand Pounds], and that I will 4 truly, faithfully, and impartially execute the Trufts repofed in me as a ‘ Truftee, by virtue of an Aft, paffed in the Forty-feventh Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this 4 Afl] according to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, and without 4 Favour or Affeftion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons 4 whomfoever.	4	So	help	me	GOD.’

Penalty <

qualified.

And if any Perfon, not being fo qualified, fhall prefume to aft as fuch Perfotreafting Truftee, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, every fuch not ung perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, ro be recovered, with full Cofts of Suit, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at tVefimin-Jler, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more tiran One Imparlance, fhall be allowed; and every Perfon fo profecuted fhall prove that he is qualified as afprefaid, or otherwife fhall pay the faid Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Profecu-tion than that fuch Perfon hath afted as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft; and that no Truftee fhall be capable of afting in the Execution of

any

239

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 13.

any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he fhall hold any Place of Profit under this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That when and as often as any Truftee (hall die, or refufe to aft, it (hall be lawful for the furviving Truftees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to eleft One other Perfon to be a Truftee in the Room of fuch Truftee fo deceafed, or refufmg to aft, but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eleftion, (hall be given by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erefted upon the faid Roads, at leaft Twenty Days before any fuch Meeting; and all Persons who (hall be fo elefted, are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for (putting this Aft: in Execution, in the fame Maimer, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as if he had been hereby named and appointed a Truftee.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees or any Three or

more of them may and are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint one or more Collector or Colleftors of the faid Tolls, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Roads, and fuch other Officers as the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them (hall think necefi’ary ; and fuch Colleftors, Clerks, Treafurers, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and to appoint others in the Room of fuch of them as (hall be fo removed, or (hall die, or become incapable of performing their Duty, and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of any of the faid Monies arifing by virtue of this Aft, to allow and pay to the feveral Colleftors, Clerks, Treafurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be affiftihg to them or any of them in or about the Execution of this Aft, fuch Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, and Service, as to the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them (hall feem reafonable; and all fuch Officers and Perfons (hall from Time to rl'ime, when thereunto required by the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them, deliver to fuch Truftees or any Three or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Three or more of them (hall for that Purpofe appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, upon Oath (which Oath the faid Truftees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminifter) of all Monies which he, they, and every of them, (hall have refpeftively received to that Time, by virtue of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and difbuvfed, and for what Pur-pofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payment; and (hall pay all fuch Monies as (hall remain in their or any of their Hands to the faid Truftees or any Three cr more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon (hall refufe or negleft to give fuch Account as aforefaid, or fhall refufe or negl. ft to produce or deliver up fuch Vouchers relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or (hall refufe or negleft to pay the Money due on fuch Account in Manner as aforefaid, or if any fucii Officer or Perfon (hall refufe or negleft to deliver up to the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Three or more of them (hall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the faid Trufttes, or any Three or more of them, all the ■Books, Papers, or Writings in his Cuftody or Power, relating to the c -	Execution

For appointing new Truftees.

Power ti

appoint

Officers.

140	4/GEORGII	HI. Seff.2. Cap. 13.

-Execution of this Act, in fuch or any of the faid Cafes it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offender fhall be or refide; and fuch Jultices, upon Complaint thereof being made to them by any Two or more of the faid 1 ruftees, are hereby required to make Inquiry concerning fuch Default or Refufal, as well by the Confeffion of the Parties themfelves refptClively, as by the Teflimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath the faid Juflices, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to adminiflcr without Fee or Reward); and if any fuch Officer or Perfon fhall be convi&ed of any or either of the Offences aforefaid, fuch Juflices fhall and may commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the faid County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he fhall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fhall have compounded with the faid Truftces or any Three or more of them, and fhall have paid fuch Com-pofition in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them lhall appoint (which Compofition the faid Truflees or any Three or more of them are hereby empowered to make) or until he fhall have delivered up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or given Satisfaction in refpecl thereof to the faid Truflees or any Three or more of them: Provided always, that no Perfon who {hall be committed as aforefaid, fhall remain in Prifon for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

Trtafurer to V. And he it further enacted, That the faid Truflees, or any Three

give Security. or more of them, (hall take fuffieient Security from the Trcaiurer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as they the faid Truflees or any Three or more of them fhall think proper.

Power to	VI. And be it further enaCled, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Ab-

appoint fconding, or Abfence of any Collector or Receiver of the lolls, any Three or more of the faid Trullees, though not at a Meeting of the faid Truftees appointed by virtue of this ACt, fhall and lawfully may nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Collector or Receiver of the faid Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the faid Truflees, in the dead of fuch Collector or Receiver who fhall fo die, become incapable, abfeond, or abfent himfelf, which Perfon fo nominated and appointed {hall have the like Power and Authority, and be aniwerable and accountable in the fame Manner in all refpeCts, as the Perfon who lhall fo die, become incapable, abfeond, or abfent himfelf, would have had or been fubjeCt to ; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the laid Tolls, who fhall be difeharged from his faid Office by the faid Truftees, or the Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprefentatives of any Collector or Receiver who fhall die, abfeond, abfent himfelf, or be difeharged, or any other Perfon, fhall refufe to deliver up the Poffeffion of any Toll Houfe or Building to be ereCted or fet up by virtue of this ACt, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, by any Three or more of the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Treafurer, then and in any of the faid Cafes it fhall be lawful for any juftice or Juflices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Conftable or other Peace Officer of the faid County, with luch Affifl*

auce

2<fl

Aftrrthe firft Nomination of Officers, no Truftee t® vote in future Appointments, unlefs he hath attended Meetings once inr '1 wo Years.

*47* GP O RT$ 11 III. Saff 2. Cap. 13.

anoe as-fliall be necdtiry. to cOter fueh Lfoufe or Building in the Daytime, ami to remove the Psrfon or PerfoRS .-who (hs>U be. found therein, together with hist, her, or their Goods-put-of the facie, and to put the .Paid Truftep or any liipje.pr-mpte of them, or their .uew appointed Officers, into the Poflpffion thereof.

VI r. Provided always, and be it further ernded, That after the fir ft Nomination and Appointment of tuty Officers in pur uance of this Act, no Truftee fliall be capable of voting or a&ing in any future Nomination or Appointment of. any luch. Officer or Officers, upon Death or any other Vacancy,*,'uftjcfs hefhall have,acted as a Truftee in the Execution of this 'Aft atleaft once during the Term of Two Years preceding the Time that fitch new Nomina'ion or Appointment of any fiich Officer or Officers fliall. h<f ma^e : Provided .allq, that no.Pqrfon fhall be-capable of holding any Place of profit under the faid Truflces, who fhall fell any Ale, Beer,

Wine, or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail.	•

Vlfl. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any Mortgagee Mortgagee* or. Aflignee of any Mortgage or Security, or any Lender of Money upon may ail-'the Credit'of the Tolls granted by this Adi, or receiving Interell therpotlt for the fame, fhall hot on that Account be deemed unqualified or be defeat .d from ading as a Truftee in t’r.e Execution of this Adi: Provided ’alfo, that'fucft of the laid Triiftees as are or fliall be in the Commiflion .cf .	-	.

'the Peace for any Piftrid to which the Powers of this Adi may extend,

.(hall have full Power as Juftices of the Peace in.any Matter or Thing	.•	»'

'relating to this Adi (except only ia fueh Gjtfes where they fhall be pe.r-fonal!y( interefted); but noPerfyift fliall be /capable of ading as a Truftee in 'theExecutioi: of this AS, in any Cafe where he fliall be pedonully interefted.

IX.	And be it further enadied. That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued fur or concerning any Thing to be dqrfe by virtue or in purfuance of this Aci, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no

tgainlL the fhall abftte ■ by the Fiyefqr

-vr-^iifTT -TI3OT-- -rrr -%r nr:	'?	the	fffid.Tr.uftscs

'.ft ” lie A imed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in eveiy tucii-Adlion: Provided always, that every l'uqh Clerk in whofe Name any Adtion or Suit fhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, in pur-.fiyioj-C of ihis Ad, fliall be fufly reimbuifed and paid, out of the Monies >	Virtue	'	of	this	Ad,	all	fueh	Colts,	jJamagcs,- Charges, and

TApences, asTy the Event or in confequence of auy fueh Adion or Pro-^eecffiig fyedhall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by rtafbn of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforeftfid.

10 & -T'j ,-ruM !{•.../:* •

'X. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more Mthejn, ffiaU mqtt at the lloufe called The Tunkcr-vJ’e Arnu, jn thelVrifh oP (t'ioler in the faid County, a.n the Seventeenth Day of An-Pa$nf> 0Jf ttys Ad, or asfoon after as conveniently may pe, at 1^1 even of the Clqck in the Forenoon, and fbftlthen proceedto the ^X'CpftAtf'f this Ad, apdfhajl then adjourn themjeives. and from Time to Time. aftetwards meet at, and again adjourn to fucli Pi.tce : ar to the j.laifl Road as they the faid Truftees or auy Five or more of them fhall tnink [Loc. & Per.^	3 P proper	^

T ruftees may fue and be fued jn the Name of their Cicrk.

Clerk to be reimburftd his L-xpcm.es.

Time and Place of Meeting of the Trullee*.

Power to erect Turnpikes and Tali Gates.

242	470	GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 13.

proper; and if at any fuch Meeting, there (hall not appear a fufficlent Number of Truflees to acf or to adjourn to another Day (Two Truflees being hereby declared and deemed fulficienr for the Purpofe of Adjournment only) or in cafe the Trultees at any Time aflembled fhall omit or neglect to adjourn themfelves, the Clerk to the faid d ru flees fhall from Time to Time, in either of fuch Cafes, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates which fhall be then ereded acrofs the faid koads, at leafl Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Truflees to meet at the Place where the Iafl Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held, on fuch Days and at fuch Times as fhall be fpecified in fuch Notice, not exceeding Six Weeks nor lefs than Three Weeks after the Day on which fuch laft Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held.

Truftees to XI. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truflees, or the Majority make Orders, 0f them, prefent at Meetings held in purfuance of this Ad, are hereby &c-	empowered	to make all neceffary Orders, Agreements, and Determinations

in the Execution of this Ad; and that no fuch Order, Agreement, and Determination fhall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs Seven Truflees or more fhall be prefent, and Five at leafl concur therein j and the faid Truflees at all their Meetings fhall defray their own Expences.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them fhall and may, from Time to Time, caufe to be erected and fet up fuch and fo many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, acrofs, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, and alfo a Toll Houfe to each Gate or Turnpike, with fuitable Outbuildings thereto, and alfo may inclofe from the faid Roads convenient Garden Spots to the faid Toll Houfes, as they or any Five of them may judge proper, and may caufe any fuch Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houfes, or other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they or any Five or more of them fhall judge proper.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the following Tolls fhall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be ereded by virtue of this Ad (except as herein-after is excepted) by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truflees fhall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, betore any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is hereby impoftd, fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame; (that is to fay)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaife, Hearfe, Ca-lafh, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every the like Carriage drawn by Four Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling :

For every the like Carriage drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Chaife, Calafh, or Carriage, drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels, drawn by Eight Horfes or other Beafls of Draught, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Six or Seven Horfes or Beafls

of

Power to take Toll*.

ToDi.

24-3

i

i

C!

i

a

L

:»

nl

’ ■ M

Hi

fiil

nj

fb

ot

fc

SI

rs

4

4

o

t*

s>

>A

47® GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 13.

of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; ar.d drawn by hour or Five Horfes or Bealls ol Draught, ihe Sum of Otic Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels, and drawn by Seven or Eight Horfes or other Bead- ot Draught, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches and under Nine Inches, the Sum of Tw > Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by hive or Six Horfes or other Beafis of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings ; and drawn by Four Horfes or other Bealfs of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, drawn by Eight Iiorfes, or other Beads of Draught, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a Breadth lefs than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Six Hords or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings ; and draw n by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Three Horfes or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horfes cr other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horfe, Mate, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and lb in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And for every Drove of Cal ves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

Which faid refpedive Sums of Money (hall be demanded and taken in the How Tolls Name of or as a Toll; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjed to the Pay- (hall levied ment of any of the faid Tolls, lhall, after Demand thereof made, whether in c3fc of immediately on the fame becoming due, or at any Time after, negled or Non‘Pa/* refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it fhall be lawful for the Per- mL ’ fon or Perfons appointed as aforeiaid to colled fuch Tolls, by himfelf or themfelves, or taking fuch Afliilance as he or they lhall think neceflary, to feize and didrain any Horfe, Beall, or other Cattle, upon which any fuch Toll is by this Ad impofed, and alfo any Carriage which fuch Horle,

Bead, or other Cattle may be drawing, together with their Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harnefs, or Accoutrements, or any other of the Goods or Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons lo negleding or refufing to pay the fame; and if fuch Toll, and the reafonable Charges of luch Seizure and Didrefs, lhall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after luch Seizure and Didrefs made, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and diitraiuing fhall and may fell the Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage fo feized and dif-trained, or any Part of fuch Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harnefs, or Accoutrements, returning the Overplus (if any) and what fhall remain unfold, upon demand, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls and all reafonable Charges fhall be deduced and paid; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Ad, fhall be and are hereby veded in the faid 'I fudees, and fhall be applied and may be affigned in fuch Manner as here-in-after mentioned.

; -	XIV,	And

2i4

Tolls to \>t paid but Once a Day.

Special Exemptions from Toll.

How Pif-putes refpeft-ing Tolls (hall be fettled.

Colleftors of Tolls not incompetent Witncfl'es.

470 GEORGII III. Setf.2. Cap. 13.

XIV. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Perfons bavin# paid the lolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Ad, for parting with any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage whatfoever, through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be eroded by virtue of this Ad, (hall be fubjed to pav any lurther or other Toll for returning or repalhng wiih the fame Horfe, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, as often as he, (he, or they lhall have 0< carton, on the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night, through the fame Gate where fuch Toll (hall have been fo paid, fuch Perfon or Perfons producing a Note or Ticket of the D.iy denoting fuch Payment, all which Notes or Tickets the Colledors of the faid Tolls are hereby requeded to deliver gratis on R eceipt of the Toll.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Perfon or Perfons (hall be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls aforefaid, for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages wtiatfoever, or for any Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs refpedively, both at the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be hereafter ereded on that Part of the faid Road lying on or to the South of Wooler Bridge, and the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be hereafter ereded on that Part of the faid Road lying on or to the North of Wooler Bridge, on the fame Day, but only at fuch One of them as (hall be firft parted; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall have paid Toll at either of the faid Gates or Turnpikes, and who (hall produce a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, (hall be allowed to pafs and repafs with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free, during fuch Day, through the other of the faid Gate* or Turnpikes; and every Colledor of the Tolls, on the Receipt of the Toll, lhall on Demand thereof made by any Perfon or Perfons paying fuch Toll, deliver a Note or Ticket gratis, denoting fuch Payment.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute (hall happen about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Diltrefs., it (hall be lawful for the Colledor or Perfon fo diftraining to retain fuch Diltrefs, or the Money arifmg from the Sale thereof (as the Cafe may happen, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of the Dit trefs and Sale, and of keeping the Diltrefs (as the Cafe may happen) (hall be afeertained by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place in which the Caufe of Difpute fliall arife, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, (hall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witnefs or Witneffes, and ihail determine the Amoiint of the Tolls due, and alfo affefs the Charges of fuch Diltrefs and Sale, and of the Colledor’s Attendance for that Purpofe upon the faid Juftice; all ■which Sums fo determined or aflefled, (hall be paid to the laid Colledor before he lhall be obliged to return the faid Diltrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That in Cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation lhall arife touching or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, lhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colled the laid Tolls, Qt ading under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

XVJU. And

47° GEORG 11 III. Sen: 2. C, i 3.

' XVIII, And be it further enacted. That the Right and Property of ail •TampifcM, The Turnpikes, Toll Houfes, and other Buildings to be erefted or providdl in or upon the faid Roads, and of the Materials for building the fame, and Traftec* alfo of all Mateiials got and collected for repairing the faid Roads, fliall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Truftees, and they or any five or more of them are hereby empowered to bring or cuufe to be brought any Action or A ftions in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictments again.it any Perfon or Perfons who ihall injure or dilturb them in the Pofleilicn thereof.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls to be collected Application and levied by virtue of this Aft, or out of the Monies to be borrowed of the Tolls upon the Credit thereof, the faid Truftees or any five or more of them,

Avail in the firft Place pay all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and palling of this A£t, and aftet wards ail fuch Tolls and Monies fliall be applied in defraying the Expences in erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houfes, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of amending, widening, and improving the faid Roads, and of building and repairing any Bridge or Bridges on the faid Roads (except Wooler Bridge being a County Bridge) and of executing the other Purpofes of this Aft, and in the next Place in paying the littered of all fuch Sums of Money as fliall be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, and for no other Ufe whatfoever.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Truftees may Truftees, or any five or more of them, from Time to Time as they fliall compound fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One for iolls-Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the feveral Townfhips, Hamlets, Parishes, or Places to or through which the faid

Roads lead, for the palling-.of their Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected on the faid Roads, which Com-pofition Money fnall be paid yearly in Advance, and in Default thereof, the Compofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons making fucb Default, fliall from thenceforth be void ; arid all fuch Compofition Money fliall be applied in fuch Manner as the Tolls are hereby directed to be applied.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid To’! to-* Truftees or any Five or more of them, after giving Fourteen Days Notice let.

in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which Ihall be then erected upon or acrofs the faid Roads, and advertifmg the fame in any of the NewcaJUe Newfpapers, from Time to Time to leafe and demife the Tolls granted by this Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at a Time, for the beft Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at fuch Times and under fuch Covenants as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fliall think lit, they the faid Truftees having a Counterpart of fuch Leafe or Leafes, and taking fuch other fufficient Security from the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch foils ffiail be leafed or demifed, for Payment of fuch Rents, and Performance of the Covenants to be referved and comprized in fuch Leafe or Leafes, as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them {hall think fit.

246	47	GEORGII	III.	Seff.z.	Cap.	13*

Power to lefitm the Tolls and to lli-em n^irrt.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, that the faid Trufleesor any Five or more of tiem, may and are hereby authorized and empowered from '1 ime to lime, as they fhall think proper, to leflen, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls hereby granted, at all, any, or either of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and to caufe the fame to be collected in fuch Manner, Part', and Proportions, as they fhall think fit, and to raife the fame again, fo that they do not exceed the Tolls by this .Act granted, and fo that fuch Reduction be with the Gonfent of the feveral Perfons who fhall be entitled to Four-fifth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the faid 1’olls; but no fuch Reduction fhall be made unltfs Ten Days Notice in Writing be given for that Purpofe, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the faid Road.

Allowing XXIII. And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons fhall be Exemptions chargeable with or liable to pay any of the faid Tolls for any Waggon, from Toll. Wain, Cart, or other Carriage which fhall be laden with or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden with Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, or Wood, or with Gravel or other Materials for repairing the •"laid Roads, or any of the Highways in the Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places in which the fame Roads lie, or with Hay, Corn in the Straw, or Fodder, to be laid up in the Ilcufes, Outhoufes, Barns, or Yards of or belonging . to the refpective Owners thereof; nor fhall any Peifon or Perfons be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the faid Tolls for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other-Implements of Flufbandry ; nor fhall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Carriage laden with Dung, Lime, or other Manure to be uied for the Improvement of Land ; nor fhall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Perfon or Perfons redding in any of the faid Parifhes, Townlhips, or Places in which the faid Roads hereby directed to be repaired lie, who fhall pafs through any of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wor-- ihip, -within their rcfpective Parifhe.:, Townlhips, or Places tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worfliip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places ; nor fhall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parifli Church or publick Place of Divine Worfh p, or for vifiting his fick Parifhioners ; nor for the Horfes or other Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places through which the faid Roads lead, going to or returning from Paflure or Watering Places belonging to fuch Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places, or going to or returning from being fhoed or farried ; or for any Horfes or Carriages, of whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmalter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or returning back therefrom; or for any Horfes belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any fick, wounded, or difabled Officers or Soldiers ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Perfon or Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and rode by them in going to or returning from their Place or Places of Exercife, provided fuch Per-T	-	fon

47°georgii nr. scfn5. Cap. 13.	247

fon or Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided or eltablilhcd for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claim-	^

ing fuch Exemption as aforefaid; or for Horfes, Carts, or Carriages tra < veiling with Vagrants fent by legal Pailes, or in returning from carrying' fuch Vagrants ; or for any Horfes or Carriages employed in carrying ort conveying any Elector or Electors to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County of Northumberland, during the Time of fuch Election, or on the Day before or the Day after fuch Election ill all begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon {hall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon lhaii for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum:rot exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juffice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fnall be convicted.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon {hall, with any r .	^

Horfe, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage whatfoever, pat's through anv Land or p^j,; Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected evading upon the faid Roads, the fame not being a Common Road ; or if any Payment of Owner or Occupier of fuch Land or Ground, ihall knowingly permit any io:’s Perfon or Perfons with any Horfe, Cattle; Bealt, or Carriage to pais through the fame, whereby the Payment ot any off the faid Tolls, or any

Part thereof, (hall be evaded ; or if any Perfon Or Perfons Ihall give to or receive from any Perfon or Perfons, or forge or counterfeit any l'icket bv this Act directed to be given by the Collector of the Tolls, or (hall forcibly pafs through any Cate or Turnpike with any Horfe, Cattle, Bealt, or Carriage, or fhall at any Time or Times take off or caufe to be taken off any Horfe or other Cattle or Bealt from any Carriage, whereby the:

Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, fhall be evaded ; or fhall leave or caufe to be left upon or near to any Part of the laid Roads any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or Bealt, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof, or with fitch Intent fhall unload any Goods from any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage,

. every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fnall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety fhall be applied towards the Purpofes of this Aft.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who Compelling have already fubferibed towards the Expence of obtaining and palling this Subfaibert Aft, and carrying the fame into Execution, or any other Perfon or Per- to pay their fons who fit all hereafter become or agree to be a Subfcriber or Subfcribers j^criPtion for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall, after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Handpf the Treafurer or Clerk of the faid Truftees for

that Purpofe to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling Houle or ufual Place of Abode, refufe or negleft to make Payment of the refpeftive Sums by him, her, or them fubferibed or agreed to be fubferibed, or fuch Part or Pans thereof as may be required in fuch Notice, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, to bring or caufe to be brought in the Name of their Clerk, any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, againlt fuch Perfon or Perfons fo neg-.lefting or refufing as aforefaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Ad-miniftrators, in any of His Majellv’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler,

wherein

2+8

Power to borrow Money or Mortgage of the Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

470 GEORG 11 III. .Scff. 2. Cap. 13.

wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, Ihall be allowed; and after Proof of I'uch Per ion or Perl oh,, having fubfcribed or agreed to fubfcribe, and that Inch Notice was given as aforesaid, luch Perfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftraiors, fhall Be compelled to pay the Sum or Sums of Money .-fit by him, her, or them fubfcribed or agreed to be fubkribod as afo.-driu, together with full Coifs of Suit,

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That it {hah be lawful for the faid ! Truftees or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pur-fuance of this Ad, to borrow and take up at Intereft upon the Credit of the Tolls to arife by virtue of this Act, in fuch Manner as they Ihall think proper, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Seven or more of them fhall think fit, and they or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to demife or mortgage the laid dolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Ho life s for colleding the fame, during the Continuance of this Act the Charges of fuch Mortgages to be paid out or fuch Tolls) as a Security or Securities to any Perfon or Periods who fhall advance any Sum or Sums of Money, their Executors, Adniinifirators, and Afligns, for the Money fo to be advanced, with Intereft for the fame, which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form following, or in other Words to the Like Efl'eft ; (that is to fay),

‘ DY Virtue of an Aft, paffed in the F .rty-feventh Year of t’rie Reign of 4 HisMajefty King George the Third, for \Jiere Jet forth the Title of this

*	Acl~\ we Seven - of rhe Trufrees appointed fer putting the faid Act in Fxe-

4 cution, in Confideration of the Sum of	in

‘ Hand advanced and paid by A. B. of	to	the

4 Treafurer of the faid Roads, do grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto the 4 faid A. B. his Executors, Admini ft rotors, and Afligns, fuch Proportion 4 of the Tolls to arife upon the faid Roads, and of the Turnpikes and Toll

*	Houfes already or hereafter to be made and ereftecl for cotlefting the

‘ fame, as the faid Sum of	doth	or	lira	11 bear to the

4 whole Sum now or hereafter to become due and ‘owing on the Credit 4 thereof, to be had and holden from tins	Day	of

4 in the Year of our Lord	for and during the Continuance of .

4 the faid Aft, unlefs the faid Sum of	with	Intereft	at	and

4 after the Rate of	per	Centum per Annum, fhall be fooner

4 paid and fatisfied

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages fhall be entered in a Book cr Books to be kept for that Purpofeby the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and which faid Book or Books fhall or may at all feafonable Times be pe-rufed and infpefted, without Fee or Reward, but no Money fhall be borrowed upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, after the Fir:! Meeting to be held in pur-fuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice be for that Purpofe affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which {hall be then erefted acrofs the faid Roads, and alfo publifired in One of tire Ncwcajlle. Newfpapers, at leafi Ten Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgages fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecurcd, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and Intereft in or to fuch Mortgage, and the Principal Money and 2	Intereft

47° G E O R G11 III. ScC 2. Cap, 13.	249

Tnterefl thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Pc rib ns whomfoever, by indorfin X on .the Back, of Inch Mortgage Security, and in the Prefence of One or more credible Witncfs or Witneffes, the following Words or Words to the like Erteft ; (that is to fay),

‘ T The within named A. D. [or, I, C. D. Aflignee, Executor, or Admi- Form of * 1J nifirator of the within named A. B. as the Cafe may be~] do |hereby 1r2ns&r>

‘ transfer this Mortgage Security, with all my Right and Title to the ‘ Principal Money thereby fecured, and to all Intered now due upon the ‘ fame, unto E. F. his Executors, Adminiltrators, and Affigns. Dated ‘ this	Day	of

Which Transfer lhall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk or Trea-furer, within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who (lull enter the fame in the faid Book or Books, for which Entry the faid Clerk or Treafurer fliall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, and fuch Transfer (hall then entitle fuch Aflignee, his or her Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit of fuch Mortgage Security and Payment thereon, and every fuch Aflignee may ia like Manner aflign and transfer the fame again, and fo toties queries, and it lhall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons (except fuch as the fame (hall be lad transferred to) to releafe, difeharge, or make void the original Security, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer (hall be made as aforefaid, lhall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby fecured, be Creditors on the Tells by this Aft granted, and on the faid Turnpikes and Toll-Houfes, in equal Degree one with another, and lhall have no Preference in refpeft of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their Securities.

XXVII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafte% That it fhall Notice to b-not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Perfon or Perfons, under the f'ven before Authority of this Aft, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the faid Roads, in or from any inclofed Lands or inclofcd Grounds, until Notice in Writing under the Hands of Five or more of the Grounds, faid Truflees, lhall have been given Twenty-one Days to the Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for him or her at his or her ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before Two Jultices of the Peace afting for the faid County of Northumberland, at fuch Time and Place as lhall be mentioned in fuch Notice, to Ihew Caufe why fuch Materials lhall Hot be had from fuch Lands or Grounds ; and in cafe fuch Occupier (hall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, fuch Jultices lhall, if they think proper, authorize fuch Surveyor or other Perfons to dig, gather, take, and carry away, fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to fuch Jultices fliall feem proper ; and if fuch Occupier lhall negleft or refufe to appear by himfelf or herfelf,'or his or her Agent, the faid Jultices lhall and may make fuch Order therein as they fliall think fit, as fully and rlfrftnally, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Occupier or his Agent had attended; and the faid Jultices fliall and may adminilter Oaths and award Coll: in hke Manner qs hereinafter mentioned, in'Cafes of Difference in the Valuation cf Lands to be taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft.

[Lee. Per.}

XX Wit. And

250

Penalty on Pc r»bns taking away Materials.

Power to remove and prevent Annoyances on the Roads.

Surveyorsmay

make Caufe -ways, Drains, and oth>ir Works.

4'° GEORG 11 III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 13.

XX VIII. And he it further flna&ed, That if any Perfon whomfoever fliall take or carry away any Materials which fliall have been digged or gathered for the Purpofe of completing or amending the faid Roads, or fliall get or take away-any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which fliall have I ecn made for the Purpofe of getting Materials fur the faid Roads, before the faid Surveyors or their Workmen (hall have difeontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Ferfons authorized by fuch Oaner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Ufe only and not for Sale i every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Surveyor and Surveyors, and fuch Perfon and Perfons as he and they fliall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Ninfancy, Obftruc-tiofis, and Annoyances on any Part of the faid Roads, by Afhes, Dung, Filth, Rubbifh, or otherwife ; and to turn any Watercourfes, Sinks, or Drains running into the fame to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, fcour, and cleanfe, and deepen and enlarge any Ditch or Watercourfe adjoining or near to the faid Roads, or any Part thereof; and alfo at the proper Seafon of the Year to cut down, top, or lop any Trees, Branches, or Bufhes growing into the fame, or in the Banks or Hedges adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in cafe the Owner or Occupier of the Lands where fuch Annoyances fhall happen to be, (hall negleft to 10 do within Twenty-one Days aftei Notice given in Writing for that Purpofe, under the Hand or Hands of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, the C.harges •whereof, to .be fettled by the faid-Truflees or any Three or more of them, /hall be reimburfed to the laid Surveyor or Surveyors, by fuch Owners or Occupiers neglecting to cut down fuch Trees, Branches, or Bufhes, or by the Perfon or Perfons occafioning or neglecting or refufing to remove fuch other Nuifances, ObftruGions, and Annoyances as aforefaid, which Charges fliall be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein directed to be levied and recovered ; and if after the Removal of any fuch Annoyances, any Perfon or Perfons fhall again offend in the like Manner, every fuch Perfon fhall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Jh ifty Shillings.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That it fliall be lawful for fuch Sur-

veyor and Surveyors, afld fuch other Perfon and Perfons as fliall be appointed by Order of the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them, to hiake Caufeways, and cut Drains upon and through any Grounds lying ■contiguous to the faid Roads, and to eredt and keep in repair Bridges and Arches on the faid Roads, and alfo make Ditches or 1 renches in fuch Places antf in fuch Manner as fuch Surveyor and Purveyors, by Order of the faid Truffees or any Three or more of them fliall adjudge neceffary ; and -alfo to make or caufe to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or P.'.rts of the faid Roads (not having a Houfe or other Building thereon, and not being it Garden, Orchard, planted Walk of Avenue to to any Houfe, or a Plantation or Nurfery for Trees) to be made ufe of as a Road whilff the old Road (hall be repairing, and until the fame (hall be made Me and Convenient for travelling, making fuch Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of fuch GroundsTo to be uied, cut through, or built upon f , 1	lor

4=/ GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 13.	25

:fot the Damages which they or ary of them (hall fudain thereby, as the faid Truitees or any.Tbreeor more of them (hall judge reaforable; and in cafe any 1 iilVrence (hall happen between fuch Owners or Occupiers and the daid Tiudees touching (uch Damages, the fame (hall be fettled by the Juf-tices of the Peace at their General Quarter Seflions to be holdea for the laid County of Northumberland.

XXXI.	And be it further enatted. That in cafe the faid Trudees or powert() any Five or more of them, (hall at anv d ime or l imes, during the Con- widen and tinuar.ee of this Acf, think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or Foadi, Parts of the faid Roads for (horter.ing the fame, or for the better Ac- c' commodation of Pafiengers, that then the Lid Truitees or any Five or

more of them (hall have full Power and Autho ity from I line to Time to widen the faid Roads, or to divert, alter, or tuin the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts thereof, through or over any Moor or Wade Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and alfo through or over any private Grounds or Hereditaments, fiift making Satisfaction to the Owners and Perfons interefted therein for the Damage they may thereby fuftain ; and for that Purpofe it (hall be lawful for the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Perfons intereded in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage fuch Owners or Perfons intereded, or any of them, (hall or may anyways fudain by fuch widening, diverting, turning, or altering of any Part of fuch Roads.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for all Bodies pOWCr for Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and incapacitated all Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Adminidrators, Guardians, or other f>crfon5 to Trudees whomfoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, ^ Lands, Ceduique Truds, and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever,

who are or (hall be feifed, poffeffed of, or intereded in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, to contract and agree with the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages afore-laid, or to fell and convey to them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, as Occafion (hall be or require; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which (hall be fo made, (hall be valid and effectual in the Law- to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law', Statute, Ufage, or any other Matter or Thing whatfeever to the contrary notwithdanuing ; and all fuch Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Co'poraticirt Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Adminidrators, Guardians, and Trudees, and all other Perfon1!, are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (hail do by virtue or in purfu-ance of this ACt; and if any fuch Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Trudees, or any other Perfcn or Perfons intereded in any fuch Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or ihem given or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, or Place or Places of Abode of luch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe oi the ienant in Podefiionof the 1 ands. Grounds, or Hereditaments to be taken in and added to the faid Roads, or into which fuch Roads are to be diverted, turned, or altered as afprefaid, lhall,

(or the Space of Thirty Days after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid,

252	47°	GEORG	11 III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 13.

Tn rafj Fnegled or refufe to treat, or {hall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon °‘ Abfence (hall be prevented from treating, tlien and in every or any fuch tobsfu-a- ' Cafe the fa id Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall caufe it to be cn-tooned. qaired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Juiy of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Northumberland (which Oaths any Two or mo;e of the laid Truftees are hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter) what Damages will be Inflamed, by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction (lull be made to fuch Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons interelled, for or upon Account of the taking oi fuch hands. Grounds, or Hereditaments into the faid Roads, or of turning fuch Roads into the fame ; and in order thereto the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, a-e hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occafion {hall be or require, to fummon and cal! before the faid Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who {hall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath any Two or more of the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to administer) and they {hall alfo order and caufe the laid Juiy to view the Places in Quefiion, if there be Occafion, and ufe all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the faid Jury’s better Informat on in the Premifes, as they the faid Ti ultees or any Five or more of them {hall think fit ; and after the faid Jury ihall have enquired or afeertained and lettied fuch Damage and Recompence, the faid Truftees or any f ive or more of them {hall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo a defied by the faid Jury, to be paid to the faid .Owners, Occupiers, or Prop:ietors of or other Perfons interefted in the laid l.ands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Verdict or Inquifition of the faid Jury; which faid Verdict or inquifition and Judgement, Order or Determination, fo had and made, fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Perfons whomfoever claiming in Poffefiion, in Fee, or in Tail General or Special, Reverfion, or Remainder, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succeflors, as well sbfent as prefent. Infants, Femes Covert, and Perfons under any other Difability whatfoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and all and every fuch Owners, Occu iers, and Proprietors, and all and every Perfon and Perl ns anyways interefted in fuch Lands. Grounds, 0/ Hereditaments, fht.ll upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed as aforefaid, thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purpofes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interelt, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame ; and for the fuminoning and returning of fuch Jury or Juries, the faid Truftees or any Five -or more of them are hereby empowered to ifiue out their War-rant or Warrants to t e Sheriff of the County of Northumberland, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons to appear before the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant {hall be appointed, and the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby equired to impannel, fummon, and r.turn fuch Number accordingly and out of the Perfons fo impannelLd, fummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of than as {lull appear upon fuch Summons, the faidTiuf-tet* ora . Flv or more of them Ihall fwear or caufe to be fworn Twelve, who {had be the jury for the Purports aforefaid ; and in Default of a fuf-

ficicnt

253

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 13.

■fident Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, (hall return other honed; and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be fpeedilv procured to attend that Service, to the Number cf Twelve, and all Perfons concerned (hall have their lawful Challenges againd any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn, but fhall not challenge the Array ; and the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them acting in the Premifes, fhall have Power from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines on fueh Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies. Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons that fhall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe tobe fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fwom, or refufing to give or not giving their Verdift, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meamng of this Aft, and on any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury touching the Premifes, fhall refufe or negleft to appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn and examined and give Evidence, arid from Time to Time to levy and apply fuch Fine or Fines in the fame Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty herein mentioned, is hereby direfted to be levied and applied, fo that no fuch Fine fhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy, nor be more than the Sum -of Forty Shillings upon any other Perfon for any one Offence.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted,That every Sum of Money or Recommence to be agreed for or affeffed as aforefaid, fhall be paid out of the faid l olls, or out of the Monies borro wed on the Credit thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid Truftees, for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to fuch Parties or Perfons, or their Agents, fuch Lands or Hereditaments fhall be laid into and made Part of the faid Roads, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall direft, and fhall, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and {hall be from thenceforth Part of the faid Roads for ever after, and (hall be repaired and kept in Repaid in fuch Manner as the Roads hereby direfted to be made and repaired, are by this or any other Law to be repaired, and from thenceforth" all Parties and Perfont vvhomfoever fhall be divefted of all Right and Title to fuch Lands and Hereditaments; and after any fuch new Road fhall be completed, the Lands conftituting fuch former Road, unlefs leading over fome Moor or Wafte Ground, or to fome Village, Town, or Place to which fuch new Road doth not lead, fhall be veiled in, and fhall be fold and conveyed by the i'uid Truftees or any Five or more of them, for the bed Price that can be got for the fame, and the Money arifing from fuch Sale fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft; and the Sale, or Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of fuch Lands or Grounds, being executed by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, fhall be good and effeftual in Law to till Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; but this Aft: fhall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling Houfe or other Building, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any Houfe or Plantation, or Nurfery of Trees, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof firft had and obtained, in Writing, under his, her An]	3	5	or

Money to be.' paid chargeable on the Tolls.

25+

Kow Es-pencesofjury fhall be paid.

Walls or Fences to be made in Cafes of Diverfion of Roads.

470 GEORG 11 III. Seff/2.T0#.!3.

or th.-'r Hand or Hands; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-with landing: Provided alfo, that no Pcrfon {hall ad as a Trullee in any Cafe relating to the contrading for or purchafmg ot any Lands, Grounds, -or Hereditaments, wherein he fhall be interefted.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Jury or Juries to be fummoned and fworn purfuant to the Authority ot this Ad, {hall give in and deliver a Verdict or Affefiment for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfadion for the Right, Intereft, or Property of any Perfon or Per-fons in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or for any fuch LoL or Damage, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the laid Truftees, before the fummoning and returning of the faid Jury or juries, as a Recompence and Satisfadion for any fuch Right, Interefi;, or Property, or any Lois or Damage as aforefaid, then and in inch Cafe the Coifs and Expencts of fum-raoiiing and maintaining the Jury and Witneffcs for afeertaimng and determining the Value of any fuch Right, Property, or Interefi:, or the Lodes or Damages full fined as aforefaid, fhall be paid by the laid Truftees; but if any Jury or Juries fo fummoned and fworn as aforefaid, fhall give in and deliver a Verdid or Affefiment for no more or for lefs Monies than fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees, before the fumntou. ing and returning of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Ir.tereft, or Property in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or Loffes or Damages as aforefaid, then the Coifs and Expellees of fummoning and maintaining the laid Jury and Witneffcs, fhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons(with whom the faid Truftees fhall have had fuch Controverfy or Difpute ; which laid Colts ajid Expences having been afeertained and fettled by fome Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, not being interefted in the Matter in queftion (who are hereby empowered and required to examine, fettle, and ascertain the fame) fhall and may be deducted out of the Money fo affelfed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfon*, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies fhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affelfed and adjudged; or otherwife fuch C.oftsand Expepces, in cafe the fame be not paid on Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by fuch Ways and Means as are herd:; -after provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that in Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall, by reafon of Ablence, have been prevented from treating, fuch Cofts and Expences ihall be paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled. That in all Cafes where the faid Truftees fhall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, or make any new Road over and through any private Grounds, the faid Truftees fhall make or caufe to be made proper Walls or Quickfet Fences, as the Cafe fhall require, fo as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the faid Roads, and alfo proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where neceffary, out of, or upon, or under the faid Roads, into the Lands adjoining, and fhall keep the Quickfet Fences fo to be made in proper Order and Repair, for and during the Term of Six Years from the Time that fuch Quickfet Fences fhall have been made or planted.

XXXVI.	And

47®GEOR GII III. SefT. 2. Cap.-ip	?<5

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenement*, or Hereditaments, pur-

chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Ad for the Pur- amounting to poles thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, 2001. Lunatick, or Perfon or Perfons under any Dilability or Incapacity as in this Ad particularly mentioned, luch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pane the Tniitees for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, orPurpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settle* ment fhall be ernfiing undetermined and capable of taking F.fTeft; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the laid Money fhall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in-vefied by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the meantime and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the 'l'ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby direcied to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement "were made.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Application Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or when the Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and Compel.fa-belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any }'°n f1”11 Difibility or Incapacity aforefaid, fhall be Iefs than the Sum of Two Hun- a„dVxceed ’ dred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds 20h

then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall fat the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpec-tivc Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 13.

the raid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and he placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dire&ed, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Peifons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees for executing this Act (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner heiein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further gnafted, That where fuch where the Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as next beforementioned, fhall than jo'l	^vin Twenty Pounds, then and in al! fuch Cafes the fame fhall be

applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ul'ed for thePurpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit ; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the LTe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&iveiy.

Money al- XXXIX. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Perfon or Prr-Jowed for fons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid ^a"haVe^C as af°reHidj fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to how to be the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fhall charged and1- refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances; or in cafe fuch Per-tendered, &e. fon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them] fubject to the Order, Con-troul, and Difpofition of the faid Court ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpective Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft: and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

12

XL. Pro-

47* G E O R G11 III. SefT.2. Cap. 13.	257

XI,. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Refusing .Queffion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any ■Lftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank. Annuities to be pur-chafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who Ihall have been in Polkflion oi fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pur-chafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PoflclTion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

.according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary fhalj be fhewn to the Sa-tisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to "Be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofic?-sfion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that feme other Perfon or Perfons was fir were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafoq •of any Difabiiity or Incapacity of the Pefton or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed .under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the laid Court, and to be applied in the Pur-,chafe of other Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments to be fettled to the dike Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to ■order the Expences of ail Purchafes from Time to Time to be made ia purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Coils and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to he paid by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of ihem, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direct.

XLII. Andbe.it further enafted, That after the Road fhall be completed, Old Road to the Ground conftituting the former Road (unlefs leading to fome Village, be kid. Town, or Place to which fuch new Road doth not lead) fhall be veiled in, and fhall and may be fold and conveyed by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, for the beft Price that can be obtained for the fame, and the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhall be applied to the Repair of the Road -hereby intended to be made and repaired ; and the Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of fuch Grounds, fhall be by Bargain and Sale executed by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland: Provided Preference always, that when any Grounds fhall be fold in purfuance of the laid lafl- to be given mentioned Power, the fame fhall be fir ft: offered at a fair and reafonable ^ Lands™ Price to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall have Lands contiguous to or lying adjoin!:. intermixed therewith, and to whom the Purchafe thereof fhall appear to be J 6 mod reafonable ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively fhall not xhen and thereupon agree, or fhall refufe to purchafe the fame, any Affi !a-[ Loc. id for, ]	3 X	vit

Court of Cnancery to direft the Payment of Ejipwcet-

vjf$$	47*	GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 13.

vit to be made and fworn before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Jultices of the Peace for the County where fuch Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground (hall be, by fomc Perfon or Perfons no ways interefted in the faid Piece or Pieces of ^Id-Road or Ground, dating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of .the faid Truftees, and that fuch Offer was not then and there agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was offered, (hall in all Courts whatfoever be ("efficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer w'as made and was not agreed to, or was refuted by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made [at tlx Cafe may A?J ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be defirous of ■purchafmg the fame, and he, (he, or they, and the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall differ and not agree with refpeft to the Price thereof, in fuch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof fhall be ascertained By a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with refpect to difputed Value of Premites to be purchafed by the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, in purfuance of this A<5 ; and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Difference (hall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with refpedt to fli.ch Purchafe made by the faid Truftees mutatis mutandis,

X4LILI. Provided always,' and be k ena&ed, That Lords of Manors and other Proprietors (hall have the fame Intereft and Property in and to the Boil and Royalties of or within fuch new Roads., as. they were feifed or poffeffed of or entitled unto in the former Roads, and in lieu whereof fuch new Roads (hall be made; and that all Mines, Minerals, dnd Fofiils lying under any Grounds made ufe of .for the Purpofes of this Aft, and not conftituting ahy Par: or Parts -of the prefent Road, as well as under the former Road, fhall continue to be the Property of the Perfon tor Perfons who would from Time to Time have been feifed of or entitled to the fame in .cafe this Act had not been made ; and in cafe the Owner of any fuch Ground (hall require a Certificate from the faid Truftees of the Quantity and Situation of Ground fo made ufe of, the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them are hereby .empowered and required to'grant fuch Certificate gratis, and fuch Certificate may be enrolled in foe Office .of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, and a true Copy thereof, figned by fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, fhall be deemed legal Evidence of the fame.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ail Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby direfied to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, fhall ftill remain liable thereto in like-Manner as heretofore; and it foal 1 and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Northumberland, and they,are hereby required and empowered, upon Application-hiade to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the (aid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpe&ive Parifoes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of theTlighways of every ftchPaiifo or Place, in lieu of or as

a.Canpofitioii (or Inch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her,

I ft A • * Ja	pj

‘Saving the Rights of Lords qf Manors, <kc.

Prrfom chargeable to

Statute Work to continue

r>-

Juftices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

47° GEQRGII III. Seff. 2.	13.

or them paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer j and in order thereunto it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to l ime, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Par.ifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Three Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifli or Place are by Law fubjlekt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Gompofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Wqrk to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo tire Amount of the rei'pective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and efteft for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubject and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Time (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices ihall and may alfo order. and direft the Perfons, who by fuch Lift fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or. as a Compafrtion for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper, to the laid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fiich Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the .Goods and Chattels of the refpefftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or dire&ed to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who fhall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Pur pole, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Defauk, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubject and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, sgid For-feitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effedt for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, lhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove arid turn off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubject and liable to the refpedtive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negledted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Parts of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall he paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, arid applied towards the amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor dr Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pariflies or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch I l ls as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in fnlle or imperfedt Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum riot’exceeding Five Pounds.

XLY. And

26o	47-VGEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 13.

Truftees may XLV. And be k further chafed, That it (hall and may be lawful to compound for an(j por the fald Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Per-Work.” fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the faid Roads or any Part thereof, and alio with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Pariihes or Places in which the faid Roads fhaH lie and be fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees fliall think reafonable, in lieu of the Whole or ot any Part of the Statute or other Work, to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads, which Compofition Money (hall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parifh, or by the Perfon orPerfons fo compounding, to the 1 rea-furer of the faid Truftees in advance, on or before the laft Day of Augujl in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of l’uch Parifh or Place (hall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Mile Stones XLVI. And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees or any Five to ba erected, or more of them, fliall and are hereby empowered and required to caufe the faid Roads to be meaftired, and Mi e Stones or Polls to be fel up on the Sides of the faid Roads, with Infcriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Diftances of Places, and alfo Direction Polls at the feveral Roads leading out of the faid Roads hereby directed to bo repaired, with Infcriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places the faid Roads reTpectively lead, as they or anv Five or tnore of them ftrall think fit; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhafl wilfully break down, dig up, injure, or • deftroy any of the faid Stones or Poits which fliall be fo fixed or fet up, -or erafe, obliterate, or deface any of the Infcriptions or Letters which fliall be engraven or made thereon, or on any Part thereof; or caufe or procure the fame to be done, every fuch Perfon fo offending fliall forfeit ■and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone or Poll fo wilfully or' defignedly broken, obliterated, defaced, injured, or pulled ' down, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of Inch Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Juflice or Juftices of the Peace of the faid County of Nor-■ ihumberland, before whom fuch Conviction fha.ll be made, One Moiety of fuch Forfeiture (hall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be laid out and employed in repairing the Stones or Pofts fo broken, pulled down, obliterated, defaced, or injured, or in fupplying new ones in their (lead, and if there fliall be an Overplus, the fame fhall be laid out in repairing the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Penalty fhall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, that then it fhall be lawful for any One or more Juflice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Houfe of Correction of the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, or until the faid Penalty, with the Charges of fuch Commitment, fliall be paid.

XLVII. And be it further cnafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall draw or caufe to be drawn upon any Part of the faid Roads anv Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwife than upon any Wheel Carriages, or fhall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which fhall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriages, to drag or trail upon any I art of

9	the

IVnalty on Perfons drawing Timber otherwife than upon .Wheeled Carriages.

z6i

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 13.

the Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further cnafted, That all Gates to be hereafter

made and placed in any Hedge or Fence adjoining any of the faid Roads, ihall be made and hung to open inwards towards the Field or Ground, and not to open towards the Roads ; and that it Ihall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, to caufe all or any of the Gates now erected in any fuch Hedge or Fence, and which opens outwards towards the Roads, to be altered and made to open inwards, in fuch Manner as diey fhall think tit.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not by this Aft otherwife particularly directed) Ihall, upon Proof of the Offences refpeftively before any Juftice of the Peace of the faid County, either by the Confeftion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice (which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required to grant for thofe Purpofes, and to adminifter fuch Oath grafts') and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, are recovered and dedufted, fhall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and all fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when fo recovered or paid (if not otherwife directed to be applied by this Aft) (hall from Time to Time be pah! to the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them, or to their Treafurer for the Time being, and Ihall be laid out and applied in

ftutting this Aft in Execution ; ar.d in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall nor be ound, or fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines fhall not be fortwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, anu all reafonable Charges, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft (fave and except the Verdift of the Jury with refpeft to the Value of Lands in turning, altering, and widening the faid Roads as herein-before direfted) and for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before appointed, fuch Perfon tnay, within Four Calendar Months after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have ariien, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace for the faid County, fuch Appellant firft giving or caching to be given Ten clear Days Notice at leaft in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal," and of the Caufe or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Truftees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, with Two fuffleient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded againft him or Her By the Juftices at fuch Quarter Seftions, and the faid [Lee. is? Per.J	3	U—X	Juftices

Gate* to open inwards.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Allowing afl Appeal.

262

Power to contrail for the Repair of the Roads.

Contracts to be binding.

Diftrefs not to be unlawful for want uf Form.

Proceedings not to be quajhed for want of Form, &c.

Orders and Proceedings of the Truf-tees to be entered in i^Book.

450 GEORGI1 III. Stll.2. Cap. 13.

Juftices at their faid Seffions, on due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall proceed in and hear, and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a luminary Way, and award fuch Cods to the Party appealing or appealed agninft as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper; .and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seffions fhall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

LI. And be it further enacted. That the faid Truflees or any Three or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall for that Purpofe authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Perfon or Perfons for making, altering, raifing, widening, or repairing the faid Roads or any Part thereof, or for doing any other Works to be performed in the Execution of this AT, in fuch Manner, or for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, as the faid Truftees or any Three or mere of them fhall think proper.

L1I. And be it further enaded, That all Contracts in Writing entered into, purluant to an Order made at any Meeting by the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them, fhall be binding to all the Parties who fhall fign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Adminiftrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colts recovered againlt the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpafiers on Account of any Defed or Want of Fomi in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant of Dif-trefs, or other Proceedings relative thereto ; nor fhall the Party or Parties diltraining be deemed a Trefpaifer or Trefpalfers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which fliall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties-diltraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover Satisfadion for the fpecial Damages in an Adion on the Cafe.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Convidion of any Offender or Offenders againlt this Ad, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be dune or tranfaded in or relating to the Execution of this Ad, fhall be quaffed for Want of Form, or be liable io be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Procels vvhatfoever, into any other of His Majelty’s Courts of Record at Weftmhjier or elfe-where, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

LV. And be it further enaded, That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truftees in the Execution of the Powers hereby to -them given, fhall from Time to Time be entered in a Book or Books to be kept 1 or that Puri pofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered fhall be figned by the lame Number of the faid Truftees as, are in and by this Ad empowered to make or dired fuch Orders and -proceedings refpedively, and fhall be deemed and taken to be original Owners; which faid Book or Books, and alfo the Book direded to be kept for regiftering the_ faid Mortgages and Affignments or Transfers, fhall and may be produced and read in Evidence -in all Courts whatfoever.	;

LVI. And

47° GfcORGII III. Seff.2. Cep. 13-	263

LVI. And whereas many Offences may be committed againft this Aft £"g““nng!' by Perfons unknown to the Collector?, Surveyors, or other Officers ap- offenders, pointed to put this Aft in Execution ; be it therefore enacted, that it mall be lawful for any of the faid Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officcis refpeftivdy, and fuch other Pcrfon or Perfons as he or they fhall call to. their Affiltance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Aft, to feize and detain any fitch unknown Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Jultice of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, near to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall be committed ; and fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and direfted to proceed immediately to the hearing the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Seffion to be holden for the Diltrift, Divifion, Ward, or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, to anfwer to fuch Complaint.

LVII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the Surveyor Power to the and Surveyors, and fuch Perfon and Perfons as he and they fhall appoint, to dig, take' and carry away any Limeftones, Whinftones, or other Stones, ** repafrena ‘ Gravel, Sand, and other Materials proper or convenient for repairing the RoadS) &c. faid Roads, out of any Wafte or Common, River or Brook, in any Parifh,

Town, Village, or Hamlet, wherein or near whereto the laid Roads or any Part or Parts thereof do lie, and for want of fufficient Quantities of fuch Limeftones, Whinftones, or other Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, in the Places laft deferibed, then to dig, take, and carry away the like Materials out of any Wafte or Common, River or Brook, in any neighbouring Parifh, Town, Village, or Hamlet, without making any Recompence for the fame, the faid Surveyor and Surveyors filling up, fencing, or levelling all fuch Pits and Holes as fhall be occafioned by the digging for or taking away any fuch Materials, and making fuch Allowance and Satisfaftion to the Perfon or Perfons through whole Land or private Ways fuch Materials fhall be led and carried, for the Damages done and occafioned thereby, as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall judge fit and reafonable; and in cafe fufficient Materials cannot be gotten in fuch Waftes, Commons, Rivers, and Brooks as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the Surveyor and Surveyors, by Order of the faid Truftees or any Five or more or them, to dig for and take away the like Materials out of the private Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons (not being an open Quarry then working for Limeftore for the Purpofe of burning Lime, and not being a Garden, Yard, Paddock, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to any Houfe orinclofed Ground, planted, fet apart, or ufed as a Plantation or Nurfety for 'Frees, and that has been ufed -as fuch for the Space of Seven-Calendar Months at leaft, next immediately preceding the Commencement of this Aft) where fuch Materials are and may be found, and from Time to Time to carry away fuch and fo much of the faid Materials refpeftively, as the faid Surveyor and Surveyors fhall judge neceffary for repairing and amending the faid Roads, paying fuch Recompence for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the refpeftive Grounds, where, through, and from whence the fame fhall be digged and carried away, as they the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall judge reafonable; and in cafe of any Difference between fuch Owners and Occupiers, or anv of them, and the faid Truftees, touching the Damage aforefaid, the Juftices of the Peac«Jbr the faid County of Northumberland, at their General Quarter Seffions to be holden for the faid County next after

3	fuch

2-64

Form of CoBwftion.

Limitation of Aftions.

Public Aft.

Commeti cement and Continuance of this Aft.

47* GEORGII III. Seff.a. Cap. 13.

foch Difference, fhall and may affefs, adjudge, and finally determine the fame.

LVIIT. And, for the mere eafy Conviction of Offenders again ft this Act, be it further enafted, That'all and every the office and Juffiees of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convicted of any Offence againff this Aft, fliall and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Caff lhall happen, or in any other Form ©f Words to the fame Effect :

DE it remembered. That on the	Day	of

^	in	the	Year	of	Ills Majeffy’s

Reign, and in the Year of our Lord t A. B. is convicted before	of	His	Majeffy’s Juffiees of

< the Peace for the faid County, by virtue of an Aft of the Forty-feventh t Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for [here fit forth the , Title of this Aft, andffpeefy the Offence, and when and where committed.1 t Given under our Hands and Seals [or, Hand and Seal] the Day and t Year firft above written/

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit fhall be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, until Ten Days Notice thereof fliall be given to the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Truftees, or after a fufHcient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been .made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and every foch Action or Suit fliall be laid or brought in the County of Northumberland, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Action fliall and may, at his or their Election, plead fpecially or the General I flue. Not Guilty, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Adt; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or that fuch Addon or Suit fhall have been brought before Ten Days Notice thereof was given as aforefaid, or after a fuflicient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fliall be brought in any other County, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difoontinue, his, her, or their Addon or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fliall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants fliall recover Treble Coffs, and fhall have fuch Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

LX. And be it Farther enafted, That this Aft fliall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juffiees, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LXI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fliall commence and take Effeft on thepafling thereof; and fhall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflicn of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Georgb Eyre and Andrew Str.uja^ Printers to the King’s moff Excellent Majefiy. 18oy,

County of Northumberland,

inty of

mberlaml) I

' wit> J

rf S'-

”>304?

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff. i:

*********************************** ******** **#*#**##**

Cap. 14.

An A6t for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two A&$, pafled in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge > in the County of York.

[25th July 1807.]

WHFREAS an Aft was palled in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of His prefmt Majefty, intituled. An At1 for repaint g and 4 G. 3. c. 76. widening the Roadfrom B“Vcrlrv to Ktxby B iJge, in the County cfYoik: And whereas an Aft was palTed in the Twenty-fiith Year of 25 G 3.

His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Adi for enlarging the Term and c-II0-Powers of an Adi faffed in the Fourth Tear of the tteign of His prefent Majejly, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in theCiun.'y of Yoik : And whtreas the Truftees appointed in or by viriue of the faid Acts have proceeded ro pot the fame in Execution, for which Porpofe they have borrowed confidtrablc Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the Fid Afts, which Money ftill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Hoads comprized in the faid Afts be properly amend J, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlcl's the Term g/inred and continued bv the fiid Aft? is fuither continued, and forpe ol the ..Powers and Frovifiors thtreof altered, amended, and enlarged, an'ff it is nrctflary that the Toils granted bv the faid firlt recited Aft (huuld be increaled: May ft therefore pleale Your Majefty that it may be enafted 5 and be it enafted by the Kmg^s molt Excellent Majefty, by and wun the Advice and Conlenc of the [Loc. £s* Per.]	3	T	Lords

270

The {aid Ails further continued.

Additional

Truftees.

47® GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 14.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Afts palfed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His fa d prefent Majcfty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities Provilions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, CUufes, Matters, and 1 hings therein refpec-tively contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alio except lo much and fuch Part or Parrs thereof as are by this Aft varied, altered, or repealed), fhall be and are hereby tuither continued for and during the Term herein-afier mentioned, for the Purpofe of amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair the fcveral Roads comprized in the faid Acts, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofcs as if the f>me were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence and tike Effcft from the pafTicg of this Aft; and this Aft, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, fiiall be fubjeft and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now doe and owing on the Credit of the faid Afts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the fcveral Gates or Turnpikes now etefted or hereafter robe Creftcd on the faid Roads, as alio to the Payment of all Sum- of Money which fhail hereafter be borrowed for the Purpofrs of this Aft, and of the Intereft due and to grow due for the Lme refpeftively.

If, And be it fu'ther enafted, That Peter Acklm, Mark Bell, John Bell, Francis Beft Clerk, Charles 'Join Berkeley Doftor of Pti fi , Thomas Bowman Clerk, Cornel us Bowman, Robert Bowman, Richard Betheil, Christopher Bethel! Clek, James Bethel', George B tl el, IJaac Broad ley, Robert Carlile Broad'ey, Barnard Ioord Bowes, B.njamin Blades, Robert Ckrjlie Bwtcn, Rowland Crouton Clerk, Charles Conjlable Cic k, J'jtpb Cotman Cletk, PeterCotes Francis Ca-Jlable, Jojtua M ('die o t Clowes C e k, Fancis Drake Clerk, Robert Denifon, John Dodjwortk, Peter Deaton, Robert Dobjen Cle k, Henry F.Hifon, Richard FJlfn, Andrew Ewbank Clcik, Robet t Ellis, John Fleming, Timothy F. Foord, David Burton Fowler, Joln Fox the younger Clerk. "John G'injlon, John Gilly C erk. He ry Gill, William GomarJa/l, S mue H It, John Hall, George Ho them, Thomas Hull D ftor of Phylic, Sir Charles Hot ham Baronet, James H rt ey Cleik, Peter Jackfon, J bn Jackfin Clerk, Robert Johr.fin, Geo ge Knowjley, Jeremy Lijler, Teavil Leafin, Thomas Lenfin, D gby Le^ard, Thomas Lee, Robert Leighton, Francis Lundy the younger Cl rk, John Lockwood, Chrijlopher M’ch.L, Marmaduke Conjlable Maxwell, Robert Raikss, Thomas Cutlet Rudfton Read Clerk, Robert Ramfiy, William Ricbardfin, Robert Ri,by Clerk, Sir Mark MaJlerman Sykes Baronet, Tat ton Sykes, Richest d Syk.s Clerk, Nicholas Sykes, Daniel Sykes, the Honourable William Stour ton, George Sampfin, S,r Thomas Sling-by Baronet, Thomas Sl.ngsby, John Singleton, William Spence, John Torre Clerk, James Torn the youngtr, Sir Henry Vavafon Batonet, Henry Made Mervin Vavafin, John Watts Clek, Ri hard Wait, Francis Watt, Sir George IVcod Knight, and Robert Wharton Cleik, being qualified according to the Direftions of the faid firft recited Aft, fhall be and they are hereDy appointed Truftees for executing this Aft s and they, together with the Truftees appointed in or elefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts, fhall be and are hereby declared Truftees for putting the fame and this Aft into Execution. iifATI	*	-	■I iv\ . \ tl

III. And

47* GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap.ix.

III.	And whereas by the faid Afts no Toll can be demanded and tfiken for any Coach, Chariot, Cala(h, Chaife, Chair, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by Three Horfes, be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, there fhall be demanded and taken, before any Coach, Chariot, Calalh, Chaife, Chair, or other fuch Carriage fhall be permitted to pals through any Gate or Turnpike now erefted or hereafter to be erected on the laid Road or any Part thereof, fuch Tolls as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the Sums herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay,)

For every Four-wheeled Coach, Chariot, Calafh, Chaife, Chair, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by Three Horfes, the Sum of One Shilling.

Which faid Toll hereby granted fhall be and tire fame is hereby vefted in the Truftees for executing the faid Afts and this Aft, and the fame and every Part thereof ihall be collefted, levied, recovered, paid, applied, afligned, and difpofed of, in fuch and the fame Manner, and by filch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers, Provifi ms. Remedies, and Reftriftions, as are contained in the faid recited Afts, or either of them, relpefting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for thac Puipole, may and thry are hereby authorized and empowered to kfftn or reduce the Toll hereby granted, and to order fuch Toll fo leflened or reduced to be collefted and teceived in fuch Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they fhall think fit, fo that fuch Reduction be no Prejudice to and be with the Conknt of Five Sixth Parts in Value of the feveral Perfons who fhall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the faid Tolls at the Time of making fuch Reduction; and the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife the laid Toll again, or any Par: thereof, lo that the fame do nor exceed the Toll hercin-bcfore grantee? j and fuch Toll fo reduced and raifed again fhall be collefted, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in fuch and the fame Manner as the Tolls by the faid Afts granted and continued are directed to be collefted, levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees fhall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue ail or any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erefted in, upon, or acrol's, or by the Sides of, the faid Roads, and to caufc to be erected and fee up fuch Number of other Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, acrofs, or by the Sides of, the f.iyl Roads included in the faid recited Acts ana this Act, or any or either of them, <r in, upon, or acrofs, any Lane or Way leading into, out of, or near to, the fame, and aifo fuch Number of Toll Houfcs, with fuirabie Conveniences thereto, and to indofe fuch Gardens for the faid To‘l H <ufes, as they may think fit, and to erect fuch Weighing Engines upon the faid Roads as they fhall think neceflary; and from Time to Ti ne to caufc any of fuch Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houfcs, Buildings. and Weighing Engines to be taktn down, altered, or removed, as they fhall jo-lgr proper, and to defray all the Expences thereof by and out ot the Monies which fhall come to the Hands of the laid Truftees by virtue of the laid recued Aug and of this Act.

271

Granting a new Toll in reIpeel of Carriages drawn by Three Horfes.

Toll.

Toll veiled in Truftees.

Power to

reduce the Tolls, and raife them again if ne-ceffary. ^

Power to

continue the prefent and to ere ft additional Gates.

272	GEORGII	III. Seff. 2. Ccip. 14..

Truftees not VI. And be it further enacted. That no Truflee (ha I act in the Ap. to a in the p0intment of any Clerk, Suiveyor, Collect. r, Treafurer, or other Officer, irfOfficl™"1 f°r the Purpofes of this or the faid recited Acts unlefs he lhall have who have n!.t attended fomc Meeting of the faid Truftees in the Execution of this Ac', attended and fhall have figned the Proceedings thereof within the Space t.f Two Meetings. Years nnct before tuch-Appoimm nt ihall fom Time to Time be made, any Thing in the faid recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Truftees may	VII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Profrcutions,

fue and be Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whirfotver, tube had, Nameof16 taken, piofccuted, or defended,by or a^ainfl the faidTruftees, (ball be had, their Trea- taken, prolectued, or defended, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk; furerorClerk. and that no Action, Suit, Pri fecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, to be had, taken, profecuted, or defended, by or aga nil the faid Truftees, or any of them, by virtue of this or the faid recited Acts or any of them, lhall abate or be due ntinued by the Dcaih or Removal of anv furh Trealurer or Clerk; but that the Treafurer, or Cleik for the Time bring to the faid Trultees, (hall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Profecutor, Informant, App-llant, Defendant, or Re-fponden', in any fuch Action, Suit, Profecution, Information, App al, or 0 h r Proceeding as the Cafe (hall be: Provider) always, that all and every fuch Treafurer or CIcfk in whole N me or Names any fuch Acrion, Suit, P olecution, Infoimaiion, Appeal, or other Proceeding, (hall be had, taken, profecuted, or defended, in purfuance of this Act, fhall be fully reimburled and paid our of the Munies anting by virtue of this or the faid recited Act^, all fuch Cods, Charges, Damages,'and Expcnces, as by the Event or in con equence of any luch Action, Suit, Prefecution, Information, Appra', or other Proceedings, he or they (hall pay, bear, fuftiin, expend, or be put unto, or become charge ble witn or liable for, or be fairly emk'.ed to, by reafon of his or their being io made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, 1 formant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, lClpundent or Respondents as afoielaid.

VIII.	And be it fu' ther enacted, That in cafe any Difpuie, Suit, or Litigation (hall arije, touching or in anywif relating to the laid Toll , or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this or the laid recited Acts, the Peif.m or Pcrfons appointed to collect the faid Tolls, or any other Peifon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid T ultees, lhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, bv realon of hi , her, or their being lo appointed to collect the laid Tulls, or acting under the Authority of the laid T i uflees.

General	ix.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the paffing of

xemptions. ^ ^ctj a|j ^ £xemp;jons granted and continued by the faid recited Acts (hall ceafe and determine, and that noTolls lhall be demanded or taken fr any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Ho les employed in car-Tying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the lame Day any Stones. B icks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Ma truls for repairing of the laid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townlhips or Panlhcs in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie ; or V	Hay,

Toll Bar keepers competent Wit-nelfes.

2

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 1.4.

Hav, Straw, or Coin in the Straw only, nor fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes or on the Lands pf the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horics employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convex, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandrv, or any M-mld, Dung, Rape Dull, Soot, Compoff, or Manure employed in Hufbandry for manuring or iinproyipg Lands, or f »r any oth=r Thing emp.oyed in the Management of any Farm or Lands,' or for any Herds or Cattle going to or returning from Failure and Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried ; or fr .m any Perlon going to or returning from his proper parochial Chury^i, Chapel, or other Place of religions Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on winch Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be i el< brated, or attending the Funeral of any Pcrf n that hull die and he buried in any of the Parilhes in which the faid Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fkk Perlon, or upon other Ins parochial or miniflerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfrs, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfeev; r Delciip-ti- n, employed or 10 be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of Elis Majtily’s Poll Matter Geneial, euhrr when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fpeh Mails.or Ex reffes, or in returning back from conveying' the,Line; or for any Horlrs, Carts, or Waggons attending any Sojdiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them, laden with their Aims or Baggage; or for any Elorlc, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or frr“ ary Pcrlons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exeicite,' provided fuch Prrfons are m the Uniform of their rtfj.tdive Corps and. have thrir Arms, Furnitme, and Accoutrements, according to (he Regulations provided for Inch Corps refpeclivdy, at the Time of claiming ll,ch-‘ Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employe'll \ in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Palles; or for any Koffe,

Cattle, or Brad drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli,

Chair, or Paficnper on Horfeback, going to or returning from any Election-of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliajiient for the laid County of York, or of a Burgefs or Burgeffes to ferve in Parliament ior the Borough of Beverley, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election flrall begin or be concluded; and if ary Perfun or Perlons /lull in any fraudulent or coilufive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, net being entitled to the fame, every fuch Prrfcn lhdli forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Stun not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof (hall go to the Inf ,rmer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofcs of the faid Aids and this A€t.

X.	And be it further en -ded, That allPerfons who by Liw are or (11 .li Statute be liable ro do Statute Work, cr or fhall be chargeable tovUajasiLabour* repairing and amending the ,Ro.ids tmraprized in the laid Afis, cr any i Part thereof, (hall Hill remain liable hereto in like Manner as heretofore; end it lh II be lawful for any two of mo:e Jufl.ces of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley aiprrfajd, or for the Eaft Kidintt of the"

O" o’-	3	2	2	^County

274

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 14.

County of York refpedtively (the faid refpedlive Juftices adling only within their feparate Jurifdtdlions), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedlive Parifhes or Places in which the faid Roads lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways cf every fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons c within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who, within fuch Parilh or Place, are by Law fubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the rclpeclive Sums to be paid j which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions as are or may be directed by ary L aw or Statute in force and effedt for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order, fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear fubjedl and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Day, Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable; and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-Time or Ilarveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from Time to Time order, diredl, and appoint; and the faid Juftices dial! and may alfo order and diredl the Perfons, who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjetfl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices dial) diredl; and in Default of Payment thereof the fame (hall and may be recovered by Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedlive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Adis authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Pcrfon who (hail negletfl or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofc, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Hotfes, Beaft or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedl or liable to by any Law or Statute in fotce or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who (hail come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be fcnt with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the Lid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the

Perfon

47° GEORGII HI. SciT.2. Cap. 14.	<275

Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid •, and in that Cafe every fuch Peifon fhall be fubjtft and liable to the refpe^tive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had negle&ed or rcfufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been font to work on any Part of the laid Roads; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Tiealurer to the faid Truflces, and applied towards amending the faid Road; and in cafe the laid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the laid P irilhes or Places fhall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowinaly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XI.	And be it further enafled, That if any Money fhall be paid or Application agr. ed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, of Compen-or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of Counting the laid Afts and this Adi, for the Pc.rpofes thereof, which fhali belong to *”^1. any Body P li i k. Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft,

E*'Cu or, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Tn.fter, fm and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Cover:, or other Celluique Truft, or to any Perlons whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in fbift or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Dilability or Incapacity whatfetver, fuch Money fhall, in cale the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, w th all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Ads and this Adi; to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Dirediion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be lignifird Jjy an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchale or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dif-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affedling the fame Lands,

Tenements,or Hereditaments,or affcdling other Lands,Tcnements,or Hereditaments, ftanding fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame (hail be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettied to, for, and upon fuch aqd the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as afoieiaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting \mdeteimined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchale lhall be made, the laid Money lhall, by Older of the laid Couit upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the faid Courc to be Icld for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Prc duce of the faid Conlolidated of, Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to l ime be paid, bv Order ..of the laid Couit, to the Peifon or Perlous who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents

and

57^

Application of Compen-fation if lefs than 200I. and exceeding 20 1.

Application of Com pen-fation it lefs than 201.

In cafe of not making out Titles.

47® GJEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 14.

and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafcd by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Act, in cafe Iuch Purchale or Settlement were made.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament, purchufed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes afortfaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Disability or 1 capacity as afefeiaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of 1 wo hundred Pounds, and flfbli exceed or be equal to the Sum of i vventy Pounds, then and in all fuch Cates the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Ptrfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land', 1 enemenrs, or Hereditaments, fo purchafcd, taken, of ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be ft unified in Writing under their re-lpeetive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the P.ivity of the faid Accountant General ot the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforelaid, in older to be applied in Manner herem-before dirtded j orotherwife the fame (hall be paiil at the like Option to Two Tiuftecs, to be nominated by the P.rfon or Perfons making loch Option, and approved of by Five of the Truftees for executing the faid recited Ad-' and this Ad (fuch Nomination and Appro, bati n to bt fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and che Divi-dends.ariiing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-befoie dirtded, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion and Approbation of the Courc of Chancery.

XIII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the-Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fief or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of iuch Perion or Perfons fo entitled rcfpedivcly.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhnli be awarded for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue o( the laid recited Ads and this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or fliall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Sarisfadion of the,faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Pcifon or Perfons to whom fucli Sum or Sums of Money foal! be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament^ be not known or recovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and natty be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the (aid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded'as aforefaid'to Ije paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of ih^ Accountant General of the Court

>47* G^OK-GII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 14*

of'Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenement.', or Hereditaments (describing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controu), and Difpoficion of the laid Courc of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon Or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, bv Motion or Petition, lhall be and is hereby empowered ‘in a fummary Way of Proceeding or othcrwifc, as to the lame Court (hall Teem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Diflributidn thereof, or Payment of the Dividends ■thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Iotercft of ‘the ‘PerlOn or Perfons m. king claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order ih the Prem fes as to the faid Court (hall feem jurt and rcalonable; and the Calhier or Cathicrs of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and lpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any filch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as afhrefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Where any Qtfeftion (hall aufe touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be QyeftionlhaH paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the f"ethe Title Account irtt General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, to the Money Tot the Porthafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any to be paid, Eftate, Right, or Intereft In any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ll*f p£r(°ns to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or to F

«my Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with anv fuch Money, or the Divi- 0f the Land dends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who *t the Time (hall havte been iri the Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-	«11l“

ments, at the Time of filth Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under deemed enti-fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, tied thereunto lhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, according to Tenement*, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the j“ch contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; u e *’ and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hail be paid, applied, and dilpofed of accordingly, unlefsit (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fume other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lsi\ds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or te fome Eftate and Intereft therein.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where by The Court reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Peifons, or Cor- of Chancery poration, entitled to any Land.', Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority or the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Expenses of Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be reqmred to be paid into theCouit Purchafesto of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tcne- he paid by ments, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the Tmfteet. the laid recited Afts and this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for

the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Tline to 1 ime to be made in purfuance of che fa d Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences us the f id Court (hall deem rcafonuble, to be paid by the Lid Trurtces, or any Five or more of them, out ot the Monies [Ltc. V Per.]	4 A	l0

277

278

Fi r paying

the Expences of this Ad.

Publick Ad.

Coramence-mett and 'Dination of this Ad.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 14.

to be rec ived by virrue of the faid Ads and this AS, who (hall from Time to Time pay futh Sums cf Monty for fuch Purpofcs as the fud

Couit fhall d r. S.

XVII.	And be it further enaSed, That all the Charges and Expences

inc:■ ieot to and attending the obtaining and palling of this AS, lhall be defrayed out cf the Monies already received, or the fi ft Monies which ibali ar:fe Or be nceived by virtue of the faid ASs or of this AS, in P r-ference to all other Payments whatfoever; and that after Payment thereof the Tolls authored to becolleSed by the faid recited ASs and this AS thall, during the Continuance of the Tefrm hereby granted be and remain fubjiS and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which fhall or may here fier be borrowed and b<come due on the Credit t:f the Lid Tolls, and of all Intereft due and to grow due refpcSively.

XVIII.	*\nd be it farther enaSed, That this AS fhali be deemed and taken to be a Publick AS, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIX.	And be it further enaSed, That this AS (hall commence upon the pafling thereof, and fhall continue and be in force and be executed for-and during the Refidue now to come and untxpired of the Term granted and continued by the faid ASs, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, ■printers to ’the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

** to r*. "t tv”	1	rtiitiii	tV*	dju

•*- ifvlhAv/il m* <i rvt&d oi	.	bd

f-,	*;	1	,	..	^

■	** At /£**?> 1 t*	,-iwra*.: Mi'»M

;	.« nV1 < . Cl -Jitl *!o	m	w A* '.difriMJ • \ pc-*

rVjr wi«i	/•-,	iaiJJflflAT'	“	‘	n	vitWu.i*

. V ..: i Z	.	■	drug	f*os	la	lanasl)	?lti	M	boc	."



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

**************** ******************************* *** ***

i	■	»..'■'] m ' • ■'

Cap- 15-

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Brampton to Longtown, in the County r	of Cumberland; and for ere&ing a Bridge over the

Kj _	River	upon	the faid Road. [25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Market Town of Brampton, through the feveral Pari flies of Brampton, Irthing-ton, Scaleby, Kirklington, and Arthurct, to the Market Town of Longtown, in the County of Cumberland, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and fome Parts thereof are in fo ruinous a Condition as to be unlafe for the PafTage of Cattle and Carriages ; and the faid Road cannot be fufficiently amended, widened, altered, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courfe of Law : And whereas the faid Road extends over the River Line, near to a Place called the Clift, which in Times of Flood is frequently impaflable, and at other Times extremely dangerous for want of a Bridge being eredted acrofs the faid River: May it therefore pleafe Your Majeftv that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted bv the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenr oi the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afl'embied, and by the Authority of the fame. That Samuel Atkinfon, Richard IV;Ham Batty, James Boujlead, Thomas Beil, Truftees. John Bowman, Thomas Benfoti, George Bhmirc, Thomas Blamire M. I). John Beck, Jofeph Bowman, Lowry Calvert, William Dacre,

Ifaac Dodfon, Henry Fawcett, Rowland Fawcett, John For/ler, Reverend John Fawcett, Sir James Graham Baronet, James Graham, Reverend Fergus Graham, Thomas Graham, IVilliam Graham, Richara Graham, Charles Graham, Brovene Gritdeile D. D. James Graham [Coe. 6? Per,']	4	5	of

28:

Power to ekdt new Truflees.

Qualifications of Truftees.

47*GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 15.

of Barrock Lodge, Henry Howard, John Hcyjham M. D. Thomas Irwin, William John Johnfon, the Right Honourable William Lowlier commonly called Lord Vifcount Lowlier, Thomas Lawfon, Join Lowtber, William Law, William Lattimer, Reverend Thomas Lowry, Jofepb Liddell, John Lojh, John Lowry, Richard Lowry, John Lattimer, Thomas Lattimer, the Right Honourable George Howard commonly called Lord Vifcount Morpeth, George Stephenfcn Meunfey, Robert Mounjey, James Mounfey, Thomas Mounjey, John Philip, Reverend Thomas Pat-tinjcn, Thomas Ramjhay, Reverend Thomas Ramjhay, Rowland Stcphen-fon, John Sutton, Reverend John Stamper, John Tomlinfon, Thomas Wy-bergh, Edward Waugh, Robert Warwick, and Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane Baronet, fhall be and are hereby appointed Truflees for putting this Ad inExecution ; and that when and as often as any Truflee hereby appointed, or to be eleded in Manner herein-after mentioned lhall die, or refufe, in Writing, to ad as a Truflee, it lhall be lawful for the other Truflees for the Time being, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to eled, and by Writing under their Hands to appoint One other Perfon, qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be a Truflee in the Room 6f each Perfon fo dying or refufing to ad : Provided always, that Twenty-one Days Notice at the leafl of the Time and Place of every fuch Eledion fhall be affixed upon each of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which fhall be then Handing upon the Laid Road, and be advertifed in fome Newfpaper printed and publifhed at Carlifle or Whitehaven^, in the County of Cumberland, or at the Town and County of NcwcnJlle-itpon-Tyne j and every Perfon who fhall hereafter be chofen a Truflee in purfuance of the Diredions of this Aft (hall be and is hereby empowered to ad in Conjundion with the other Truftefes for the Time being, in Execution of the Trufls and Powers of this Ad, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Puipofes as if he had been hereby named and appointed a Truflee.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall be capable of ading as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad unlefs he fhall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the adual Pofleffion or in the Receipt and Enjoyment of the Rents and Profits of Meffuages, L".nds,;Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of Freehold, Cuftomary, or Copyhold Tenure, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprifes, or fhall be Heir Apparent to a Perfon having an Eflate of Inheritance in fuch Freehold, Cultomary, or Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds at the leafl j and in cafe any Perfon, not being fo qualified, fhall prefume to ad as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perf’ons who fhall fue for the fame in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record, by Adion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protedion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and every Perfon fo profecuted fhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or in Default thereof lhall pay the laid Penalty, upon Proof given of his having aded as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, one Moiety of which faid Penalty fhall be paid to the Proferutor, and the other Moiety thereof {hall be applied for the general Purpofes of this Ad ; provided neverthelefs, that all Ads and Proceedings which {lull have been done and performed by any fuch Perfon touching the Execution of this Ad previous to fuch Recovery againfl him

as

283

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 15.

as aforefaid, (hall notwithftanding the fame be as valid and effectual as if fuch Pcrfon had been qualified according to the Direftions of this Adt: Provided always, that luch of the faid Truftees a? are or fhall be in the Commiffion of the Peace for any Diftrift to which the Powers of this Aft iruy extend fhall have full Power to ad as Juftices of the Peace in any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, (except only in fuch Cafes where they (hail be perfonally interefted) but no Perion (hall be capable of afting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft in any Cafe where he (hall be concerned in Intereft, or during the Time he (hall hold any Place of Profit under this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall meet together at the Howards Hr ms, in Brampton, or at the Graham's Arms, in Longtown aforefaid, on the Tenth Day of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and feven, or as foon after as conveniently may be, for thePurpofe of carrying this Aft into Execution, and they (hall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn fuch their Meeting and Meetings to fuch Day or Days, Place or Places, refpeftively, as they (hall deem expedient and proper for the Purpofes of this Aft, fubjeft ncver-thelefs to the Limitation of Time between each of fuch Meetings, and to the other Rules and Regulations for holding the fame as herein-after ex-preffed ; and if there (hall at any Time be fewer than Five Truflees prelent at any Meeting they (hall not proceed to Bjfinefs, but fuch Truflees if more than Two (hall adjourn the Meeting to fuch Time and Place as they may deem proper within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, but if there (hall be only One Trullee prefent then fuch One Truftee, or the Clerk of the Truflees for the Time being, if no Truftee (hall attend, (hall in every fuch Cafe as laft-mentioned, caufe Ten Days Notice in Writing to be affixed on each of the Turnpike-Gates then erefted on the faid Road, or if no Turnpike (hall be then erefted (hall caufe the like Notice to be affixed upon the Doors of the Court Houles »f Brampton and Longiown aforefaid, requiring the Truflees to meet at fuch Place where the preceding Meeting was appointed to have been held, at any Time not exceeding Thirty Days next after the Day for which fuch lad Meeting was appointed ; and in cafe it (hail ever happen that no Adjournment (hall be made at any Meeting of Truflees as aforefaid, or if any Adjournment (hall be made to any longer Period than is allowed by this Aft, or in cafe a fingle Truftee or the Clerk aforefaid (hall in the Events lad hcrein-before mentioned negleft to affix fuch Notice for a future Meeting as aforefaid, then and in any of the atorefaid Cafes, and as often as the fame (hall happen, it (hall and may be lawful for any Five of the Truflees, though not aiiembled at a Meeting in purfuance of this Aft, to caufe Notice in Wri'ing to be affixed upon each of the Turnpike-Gates then erefted on the faid Road, and if no Turnpike (hall be then erected to caufe the like Notice to be affixed upon the refpeftive Doors of the Court-houfes of Brampton and Longtown aforefaid, at lead Ten Days, and not exceeding Twenty-one Days before any intended Meeting appointing the Truftees to meet at fuch Time and at fuch Place as they the laid Five Truftees (hall think convenient; and the Truftees when met in purfuance of every or any fuch Notice or Appointment as before mentioned (hall and may proceed to carry this Aft into Execution.

Truflees who are alfo Juf-ticet, of the Peace, may-aft as fuch.

Meetings of Truftees.

IV.	And

28 4

Meetings not to be adjourn-ed for more than Eight Week a.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

rower to appoint

Officers.

Officers to account, &c.

470 G li O R G11 m.

A IV. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting fliall be adjourned to a more dillant Period than the Space of Eight Weeks from the Time of fuch Adjournment; and every Meeting fliall be held between the Hours of Eleven and Five in the Day-time ; and all Orders and Determinations of the faid Ttuftees in the Execution of this Aft, except where the fame is or are hereby otherwife mentioned and allowed of, fhall be made, iflfued, and done at Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, ar.d not otbenvife, and the fame fhall not be valid unlefs a Majority of the Trustees prefent at each Meeting fhall concur therein, fuch Majority not con-fifting of lefs than Five, who fhall fign the fame in the Book or Books kept for that Purpofe ; and no Order, Determination or other Aft made or done at a former Meeting, fhall be revoked or'altered at any fubfe-quent Meeting unlefs Nine Ttuftees fhall be prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Orders, Determinations, and other Afts and Proceedings of the Truftees under this Aft, fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fuch Orders fo entered and figned as herein-before required, (hail be deemed original Orders; and fuch Book or Books, and alfo the Book or Books containing the Regifters of Mortgages, Transfers, and Alignments as hereinafter direfted, fnall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cafes of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings touching any Thing done by the Authority of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, dial! and may from Time to Time at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, appoint a Treafurer or Cafhier, and a Clerk or Clerks, and alfo fuch Coileftor or Collectors of the Tolls, Suiveyors of Roads and Buildings, and other Officers, with fuch Salaries or Allowances as they fliall think neceflary, and fliall and may from l ime to Time remove any fuch Officer or Officers as they fhall lee Occafion, and in cafe of Removal, or of the Death or Retigna-tion of any fuch Officer or Officers, (hill and may appoint a new one or new ones in his or their Stead ; provided neverthelefs, that whenever any Collector of tiie Tolls to be appointed by virtue of this Aft fliall die, relign, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it fliall be lawful for any Five or more of the laid Truftees, although not affenibled at a Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Perfon to fupply his Place until the next Meeting of the Truftees, at which Time fuch Order (hail be made for his Continuance, or for his Removal, and for the Appointment of another in his Stead, as (hall feem advilable ■, any Thing hertin-btfore contained to the contrary notwiihftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Officers and Perfons as fliall be appointed by virtue of this Aft fliall, as often as required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or moreot them render and deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Ptrfon or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fliall appoint, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, with the proper Vouchers of and for all Monies which they fliall from Time to Time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of tiiis Act, or by Teafon of their refpeftive Offices, aud (Half verify fuch Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 15.

laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) and in cafe any Money fo received by any fuch Officer or Perfon as laft-rauitioneo (ball thereupon be found to remain in his or their Hands, the lame (hall be paid to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall by Writing under their Hands authonfe and empower to receive the fame, and Avail be difburfed and laid uut in the Execution of this A£t, and not otherwife ; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon dial 1 not make and render, or refufe to verify upon Oath, any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up any Voucher or ■Vouchers relating 10 the fame, or to make any fuch Payment as aforefaid* or (hall not deliver to the faid Truftees, or any Jove or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they (hall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, all the Books, Papers and Writings in his Cuftody or Power rc'ating to the Execution of this Aft, then and in either or any of the Cafes aforefaid the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby au-thoriled and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Action or . A&ions in the Name of fuch Truftees, or in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Treafufsr or Clerk for the Time being againft every fuch Officer or other Perfon fo qffeuding as aforefaid, for the Recovery of all Monies, Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings .which (hall be in his Cuftody as aforefaid; or if Complaint (hall tie made of any fuch Ryfufal or NtgleS as aforefaid, to any one or ovjfe Juftiqe or Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where anv fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall be and reftde, fuch Jufticp or Juftices may and is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his or thei. Hand and Seal, ot Hand-, and Seals, to order the Party (o offending to be brought before him or them, and qpon the Appearance of fuch Party, or on his not being to be found, it lhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to hear and determine the Matter in a (unjmary Way, and to fettle the faid Account or Accounts, and if upon the Conftflmn of the Party or Parties, or by the Teftimony o( aqy credible Witnefc ox Wirneffcf, upon Oath, (wiiich Oath luch Juftice or juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward) fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid (hail be convicted of any luch Offence as aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Julliccs iliall and may upon fuch Conviction commit the Party fo offending 10 the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he (hall be or reftde, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he (hall have made and verified fuch Account, and paid over all the Monies remaining in his Hands in Manner aforefaid, ct until he lhall have compounded and agreed with the faid Trutijtes, or anv Five or more of them, and ba.ve paid inch Comp letion. Money (which CompofitionMoney the laid Truftees or any Five or mare of them are hereby authorifed and empowered to take and receive) or until he (hall have rendered and given up to the faidTrultees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perlon or Perlbns as they (hall direift, all inch Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforefaid ; or it (hall be lawful ior fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Money remaining in the Hands of fuch Offender to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his Goods .and Chattels, or if no Goods and Chattels'can be found fufficient to anfwcr ard fatisfy the faid Monies, and the Charges of levying the lame \Loc. Per.]	4 C	'	then

^86	47° GEORG II III. Seff. 2' Cap. 15.

then to commit every fuch Offender to the C mmon 1 ounry Gaol as aforefaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprile until he fhall have made luch full Payment, dr have made and paid fuch Companion as aforefaid : Provided alwav?, that no Perion who (hail be lo commit-ted by virtue of this Act fli II remain in Prifon for any luch Offence longer than Six Calendar Months.

VIII.	And b‘e it further enaded, That the faid Truftees or any Five or more of chem (hall require and take fuch Security or Securities from their Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers fpr the due Execution of their refpedive Offices, and for the Payment of all Monies to be received Dy th nt refped vely in the Courfe thereof, as the faid Truftees or anv Five or more of them fhall judge proper : Provided always, that no Vidualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, Cider, or Spirituous Liquors, (hall be capable of holding any Place of I ruft or Profit under this Ad.

IX.	And be it enaded, That the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to canfe Two or more Turnpikes or Toll-gates to be errded upon or acrofs the faid Road, fthat is to fay), One of fuch Turnpikes or Toll-gates at forr.e convenient Prt of the faid Roa ! between the Lid Market i'< wn of Brampton, and a certain Bridge called Ir thing Bridge, near to IValton Hotife, and the other of fuch Turnpikes or Toll Gates at Lome convenient Parr of the faid Road between the faid Market Town of Longlown, and the South End of the int-nded Bridge to be ereded over the River Line, at or near a certain Place'called the Clift; and alfo fuch Turnpikes upon or near the Sides of the faid Road acrofs any Lanes or Ways leading into the fame as they (hall think proper; and alfo a Toll-Houfe adjoining or near to every fuch Turnpike; and from Time to Time to remove or alter rhe fame as they (hall think meet or expedient and may if they thi k proper caufe a fufficierrt Piece of Ground for a Garden to be fet out and inclot, d to every fuch Toll-Houfe ; and fuch Tolls (hall be demanded and taken at each of the faid refpedive Turnpikes or Toll-Gates which (hall be eted’d upon or acrofs any Part of the laid Road befo-e any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall Irom Time to Time order and dired, not exceeding the Tolls following ; (that is to fay),

For every- Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Phaeton, Chaife, Calaffi, Chair, Hearfe, or Litter, if drawn by Six Horfes, or other Beads of Draught, Two Shillings ; if drawn by Four Horles, or other Beads of Draught, One Shilling; if drawn by Two Horfes, or other Beads of Draught, Sixpence ; and if drawn by One Horfe, or other Bead of Draught,Three-pence:

For every Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, and drawn by any Number of Horfes, Oxen or other Cattle, not exceeding Eight, One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and drawn by any Number of Horfes, Oxen, or other Cattle, not exceeding Six, One Shilling :

For every Cart having th’e Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six

Inches,

Turnpikes

where to be erected.

Power to take Security from Officers.

Victuallers not to held Places of Profit.

287

47* GEORG 11 nr. Seff. 2. Cap. 15.

Inches, and drawn by any Number of Ilorfcs, Oxen, or other Cattle, not exceeding Four, Nine-pence:

For rvery Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horfes, Oxen, or other Cattle, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Cattle, Eight-pence ; and drawn bv Two Horfes, Oxen, or other Cattle, Sixpence; and drawn by One Horfe, Ox, or other Beall:, Three-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, Three Halfpence:

Forevery Score of Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Steers, or Heifers, and fo in Proportion for a larger or lefs Number, Sixpence:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, and fo in Proportion for any larger or lefs N umber, Three-pence :

Which faid refpeftive Tolls lhall be and they are hereby vefted in the faid Truftees; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjeft to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fliall after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed asaforefaid, negleftor refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it lhall be lawful for the faid refpeftive Collectors of the Tolls, or other Perfon oy Perfons whom they or any of them (hall take to their Atliftance therein, to feize or diftrain any Horfe, or other 1 Bead, or Cactle upon which any fuch Tolls are by this Aft impofed, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons fo neglefting or r< fufing, or liable to pay the foils as aforefaid, (except the Bridle or Reins of any fuch Hurle, or other Bead feparate from fuch Horfe, or other Bead) and it luch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Didreis and of detaining and keeping the fame, fhallnoc be paid within the Space of Four Days next after fuch Seizure and Didrefs made, the Perfon or Petfons fo feizing and didraining fhali and may fell the Horfe, or other Bead, or Cattle fo fe zed and didrained, rendering the Overplus, (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof after fuch Tolls and all realonable Charges lhall be dedufted.

’ :c vi,l;.i K bis!-artt _/■■■; ■■ V) o..	.	.	.	..

X.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That no Perfon (hall be liable to pay more than Once for patting or repafiing at any Time or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the C'ock in the fucceeding Night) with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Caniages rtfpeftively through any of the Turnpikes to be erefted by virtue of this Act, but that every Perfon after having paid Toll Once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting fnch Payment, fhali afterwards be permitted to pafs with

' every inch Horle, Cattle, or Carriage, Toll-free during fuch Day through any of the laid Turnpikes for which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hail have fo paid Toll Once during fuch Day, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby requited to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Difpute (hall happen touching the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, keeping, or felling any Diltrefs which fhali be taken by virtue of this Aft, it fhali and may be lawful for the Colleftor or Perfon dillraining to retain the Didrefs, or the Money arifing from the Sate thereof, until the Quantity of fuch Tolls, or the Charges of feizine, detaining, and difpofing of fuch P'ft refs as aforefaid, [as 'the

Gaft

No more thaa One Toll to be taken in One Day.

Difputes to be fettled by a Jultice,

288

Tolls how to be Apjilied.

Truftees may contrail with Perfons for widening the Road, &c.

Tolls may be

varied or teduced.

47® GEORG I I III. ScfT.2. Cfif.15.

Cafe Jhall happen j, (hall be afcei tained by fome Juft'Ce of the Peace for the C >unty, Place, or Diitrift where fuch Dfpute (hall arife, who upon Application made to h:m ior that Purpofe fnall examine the Matter upon Oat ) of the Parties, or any Wi'nels or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered toadniinift r),and lhall determine the Quantity of the Toll due, and a'fo mTfts the C>fts and Charges of fitch Seizure, Diftrefs, Keeping, and Sale, and aft other reafinable Colts and Charges, all which Sum or Sums of Mon-v fo deern'ined and affefled ihall he paid to the Collector before he fhall be obhgtd to teiurn the Diftrels or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That out of the Tolls or Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of this Aft the fai- Truftees or any Five or more of them flva'l in thefirft Place pay all the Expences incurred by and in relation to the obtaining and paflittg this, Aft, and fhall af terwards apply the lame in paying the Interefl of the Moni-s to be borrowed by virtue of this Aft, and in defraying the Charges and Expences of making, ereft-ing, repairing, maintaining, removing, and altering, fuch Turnpikes and Toll-Houfes as aforefaid, and fuch Bridge or Arches, Drains and Ditches as (hall be neceffiry to be made, repaired, or maintaimd ; and the Lx-pences of repairing ahering, turning, and widening the laid Road, and in making good the Damages which mav be done to the Owners or Occupiers of Houfes and Lands as herein-after mentioned j and in paying the Purchafe Money for luch Lands as (hall be bought bv virtue of this Aft, and in defraying all other Expences relating to the Execution of this Aft, and for no other Purpofe whaefoever.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perlons as they (hall for that Purpofe authorize or appoint, are and is heiebv empowered to enter into any Contract or Contracts in Writing with any Perfon or Perfons for widening, repairing, turning, diverting, or altering the laid Road or any Part or Parts thereof, and for building or repairing any Toll Gate, Toll Houfe, Bridges or Arches upon any Part or Parts of the faid Road, and for doing all neceftary Works relating thereto, or required to be done by virtue of this Act, in fuch Manner, and for fuch Sum and Sums of Money, as (hall feem fair and reafonade ; and fuch Contracts (hall be binding upon all Parlies ; and Damages and Colts (hall and may be recovered againlt the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, Tliat it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, (with the Confent of fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to Two Third Parts or Shares in Value of the Monies which (hall be due on the Credit of tins aft) to vary, alter, or reduce the Tolls to be taken purfuant to this Aft from 1'ixne fo Time as they may judge proper, fo as every fuch Alteration be made pro-portionably, and fo as no fuch Alteration be made at any Tine after the firft Meeting, unlefsNotice in Writing oftheMeeting to be held for making fuch Alteration be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erefted upon or acrols the laid Road, and be alfo advertifed in fame public Newfpaptr publilhed and circulated within the faid County of Cumberland, at lcaft Fourteeen Days before fuch Meeting, and luch Tolls fo varied, leflened,

7	or

389

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2, Cap. 15.

or altered, (hall and may from Time to Time be ralfed again, fo as the fame do not exceed the Tolls granted by this Aft, and fhall be collefted, recovered, and applied in the fame Manner as the Toils hereby granted are direfted to be collefted, recovered, and applied.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five ™s™^bd8 or more of them, may and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time £°™pou“ e as they fhall fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with any Perfon or Perfons for all

er any of the Tolls to be paid by fuch Peifon or Perfons for and in refpeft of any Carriages, Horfes, Cattle, or Bealls travelling on the faid Road, provided fuch Compofition Monies (hall be paid Six Calendar Months in Advance to the Trealurer or Treafurers of the faid Road, and in Default of any fuch Payment the Compofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default fhall from thenceforth be void.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Wri- ie ting under their Hands and Seals, to leafe the Tolls arifing within

or upon the faid Road, or any Part or Parts of fuch Tolls, unto any Perfon or Perfons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years, not exceeding Three Years, for the bell Rent that can be gotten for the fame, payable at fuch Times, and under fuch Covenants, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as they the faid Truftees, or any Five or mors of them, fhall direft or appoint,

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Provifton* Perfons fhall with any Horfe, or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage whatfo-

ever, pafs through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any ,DS ° *' Turnpike or Toll-Gate to be erefted upon the faid Road, the fame not being a public Highway, for the Purpofe of avoiding the Tolls, or if the Owner or Occupier of any fuch Land or Ground fhall knowingly permit or Juffer any Perfon or Perfons with any Horfe or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, to pafs through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fhall be avoided, or if anyPerfon fhall forcibly pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes or Toll-Gates, with any Horfe or other Beaft, Cattle, or Carriage, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or fhall take off or caufe to be taken off any Horfe or other Beaft from any Carriage, or fhall leave or caufe to be left upon or near any Part of the faid Road, any Horfe, or other Beaft, or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls or any of them, every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and befides fuch Damages and Punifhments as they fhall be otherwife liable to by Law, whereof one Moiety fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof fhall be applied for the general Purpofes of this Aft.

XVIII.	And whereas fome Parts of the faid Road lead over, or,-by Power to diverting the fame, may lead over open Grounds, and the Payment fence off

of ;he Tolls hereby granted may by reafon of the Width thereof be avoided, Parts ofRoad be it therefore enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or moTe of kadingover them, fhall and may caufe to be fenced and ditched off, fuch Parts of the Ground faid Open Grounds as they fhall think neceffary. In order to prevent the Payment of the faid Tolls being avoided, j Lee. JVr.J	4	D

XIX. And

&9°

"Exemptions.

47* GE ORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 15.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Toll fhali be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Cattle going unladen for, or being laden with, or returning after having gone laden only with any Materials for repairing the laid Road, cr any other Highway or Road, or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not fo'd or difpofed of, but paffing to be laid up in the Houfes, Out-houfcs, Barns, Yards, or Clofes of the Owner or Owners thereof or returning empty therefrom, cr for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages going with or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Huf-bandry belonging to any of the faid Inhabitants, or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow, or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Coal, Turf, Pear, or other Fuel or Lime, Marl, Dune, Mould, or Com-poft of any Kind whatfoever to be employed in Hufbandry, or for manuring or flocking of Land, but for no other Purpofe, or for any Horfes, or other Cattle or Carriages employed in the conveying of any Perfon or Per'ons going to or returning from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to feive in Parliament for the faid County of Cumberland, on the Day of fuch Eleftion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fball begin or be concluded, or going to or returning on Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worfliip is ordered by Authority to 'be celebrated, from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious TVdrfiiip, which fball be fituate within the fame Parifh in which any Turnpike or Poll-Gate {hall be eretfted, or who (hail attend the Funeral of any Perfon or PerCons who fhali die, and be buried in any of thePaiilhes or Places in which the faid Road hereby directed to be repaired lies, or from any Clergyman going to perform, cr reluming fioin his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from vifiting his fick Parifhioners, or for any Cattle or Carriage employed only in carrying Corn to or Grift from the neared or fuch other Mill as fhali be ufed by the Owners of fuch Corn refpe&ively, or for any Carriages or Horfes employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majedy's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefies, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame,

. or for any Horfe, Ox, Cow, Sheep-, or other Cattle going to or returning from any Padure or Watering Place, or from being fhoed or farried, or for any Horfes belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage ol any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or any fick, wounded, ordifabled Officers or Soldie-s, or for any Horfes, Carts, cr Waggons travelling with Vagrants fent by legal Paffes; and that no Toll fhali be demanded or taken for any Hoife, Mare, or Gelding furnirhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perlon flia i be drefled in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements,-according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps reipectively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon fhali by any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay foreve y fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof (hall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhali be applied to the Purpofes of this Act.

XX. And

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 15.	291

XX.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid to Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fliall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seak to aflign over the faid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike-Gates and Toll-Houfes lor coilefting the fame, (the Charges of fuch Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the laid Tolls) to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term during the Continuance of this Aft, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the feveral Sums that lhal! be borrowed, with the Imerelt thereof, which Alignment fliall be in the Words, or to the Effect following :

*	T>Y virtue of an Aft of Parliament made in the Forty-feventh Year Form of

« of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, “ At) Aft [Jet Alignment. ‘ forth the Title of the Acl\ We	of	the	Truftees acling

‘ in the Execution of the laid Aft, in Confideration of the Sum of

*	to	the	Treafurer	of the laid Road by the faid Aft

‘ direfted to be repaired, in Hand paid by

*	do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto the faid

‘	Executors,	Adminiftrators, and Afligns, fuch Propor-

*	tion of the Tolls arifing by virtue of the faid Aft, as the faid Sutn of

*	doth	or	fliall	bear	to	the

‘ whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the faid Tolls,

‘ to be had and hclden from the	Day	of	for

‘ and during the Continuance of the faid Aft, unlefs the faid Sum of

*	with	lawful Intereft; for the fame, fliall

‘ be fooner repaid and fa'.isfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this

Day of	in	the	Year of our Lord

Ar.d Copies of all fuch Mortgages and Alignments fliall be entered in a Look to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, but no Money fliall be borrowed unlefs Notice be for that Purpofe given in fome New (paper publilhed or circulated within the faid County of Curii* be rland, and alfo upon the Turnpikes or Toll-Gates which fliall be then Handing upon the laid Road, at lead Fourteen Days before the borrowing thereol; and all Mortgages or Alignments which {hall be made in the Manner and Form atoreliiid, fliall be good, valid, and effeftual, to all Iments and Purpofes ; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Alignments thall be made as aforefairl, or who fliall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their refpeftive Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Intereft, or Benefit in and to the faid Security, and the Principal and Intereft thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by Indorfement on the Back of fuch Security, in the Prefcnce of One credible Wicnefs, which 'iransler fliall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

*	1 Do transler the within Mortgage, and all the Principal and Intereft Form of

‘ 1 now due thereon, unto	Executors,	Transfer.

‘ Adminiftrators, and Aligns. Witnefs my Hand and Seal this

*	Day of	.*

AH which Transfers fliall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk, who Hull caule an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names ol the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to bekepc

for

292	47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 15.

for that Purpofe, for which the faid Clerk fhall be paid the Smti of One Shilling and no more; and after fuch Entry made every fuch Transfer (hall entitle the refpeftive Aflignees or Perfons to whom the fame lhail be made, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and every fuch Aflignee fhall and may in like Manner affign and transfer again, and fo toties queues, and it fhall not be in the Power of any PeTfon making fuch Afhgnment or Transfer afterwards to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Affignments, or Transfers fhall be made as aforefaid, fhall be in proportion to the Sums therein refpeftirely mentioned Creditors on fuch Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll-houfes, in equal Degree One with another, and fhall have no Preference in refpect to the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or the Dates of fuch Mortgages or Arguments.

Power to XXI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid widen the Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to caufe the faid Road or any Road, remove Part or Parts thereof to be widened, altered, turned, improved, repaired, andtodeanfe anc* kept in Repair, when, where, in fuch Manner, and fo often as they Ditches, See. 0T any Five or more of them fhall judge proper; and for that Purpofe it fhall be lawful for them or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Pcrfon or Perfons employed for that Purpofe, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the faid Road by Dung, Afhes, Filth, Rubbifh, or Straw, or by any other Things or Means whatfoever, and to abate, remove, take down, fill up, and carry away the fame, and convert the Materials thereof for the Benefit of the faid Road, and to turn any Watercourfes, Sinks, Ditches, or Drains running along, into, or out of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof, alfo to open, fcour, cleanfe, deepen, or widen any Watercourfes, Sinks, Ditches, Drains, or Arches adjoining or near to the faid Road, and to cut down any Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bullies, at proper Sealant of the Year, growing in the fame Road, and to lop or top any Timber Trees, and to cut down, lop or top any other Trees, Shrubs, Wood, or Bufhes growing in the Hedges or Banks adjacent to the fame Road or within Twelve Feet of the Centre of fuch Road, and to take and carry away the fame and convert and difpofe thereof for the Benefit of the laid RoaJ, and to reduce all Hedges running along the Sides of the faid Road to the Height of Eight Feet, in cafe the Perfon to whom the fame fhall belong fhall neglect to remove or abate fuch Annoyances, or to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or deepen, fuch Watercourfes, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, or Arches, or to cut down, lop, top, or remove fuch Trees, Shrubs, Wood, and Bufhes, and reduce fuch Hedges, for the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their ufual Place or Piaces of Abode for that Purpofe, under the Hands of any Five or more of the faid Truftees, or under the Hand of the Surveyor or any other Perfon employed in or about the faid Road ; and the Charges of removing and abating fuch Annoyances, and of opening, fcouring, cleanfing, deepening, and widening fuch Watercourfes, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, and Arches, and reducing fuch Hedges, fhall be recovered from the Perfon or P r foils neglecting fo to do after fuch Notice as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as otberPenaltes and Forfeitures are to be recovered under this Aft; and fach Perfon or Perfons guilty of fuch Negieft after fuch Notice given

293

47° GEORGII IH. Seff.2. Cap. 15.

(hall likewife for every Yard in Length of fuch Watercourfes, Drains, Ditches, and Hedges fo negle&ed to be opened, fcoured, cleanfed, deip-encd, and widened, or reduced as aforelaid, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, over and above fuch Charges as aforefiid, and to be recovered in Manner aforefaid ; and if any fuch Perfon fhall af er wards offend in like Manner, he or fhe fliall for every fuch fubfcquent Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for fhe Surveyor or Surveyors, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as fliall be appointed for that Purpufe by the laid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, to make and ered or caufe to be it ade and erected a good and fufiicient Bridge of the Width or Breaath of Sixteen Feet at the lealt, over and acrois the River Line near to a Place called the Clift, or at fuch other Place aciofs the faid River, as the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them fhall deem moll convenient and proper, for the Paflage of Ilorfes, Cattle, and Carriages over the fame, and alfo to make or caufe to be made Caufe-ways in or along the Side of the laid Road, and to cut and make Drains or Watercourfes through any Lands lying contiguous to the laid Road, and to eied and keep in Repair all necefl'ary Bndges and Arches of Brick, Timber, or Stone thereupon, and to caufe Ditches or Trenches to be made in fuch Places and in fuch Manner as the faid Truflees or auy Five or more of them fhall adjudge necefl'ary for the better amending and keeping the faid Road in Repair, and alfo to make a temporary Way or Paflage through, over, or along the Grounds adjoining to any hollow, narrow, or ruinous Parc or Parts of the faid Road hereby intended to be repaired (fuch Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe, Plantation, or Nurfery of Trees), to be made ufe of by all Paffengers with or without Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages as a Road while fuch hollow, narrow, or ruinous Road is repairing or widening, and until the fame fhall be made fafe and convenient; the laid Truflees nevenhelefs making fuch realonable Satisfadidn to the Owner or Occupier of fuch Ground through which any fuch Di ch, Drain, or Watercoutfe, or on which any Arch or Bridge, or through, over, or along which any fuch tempoiary Way or Paflage fhall be made, for the Damage which he or fhe fhall or may thereby luflain, as fhall be agreed upon between the faid Truflees and fuch Owner or Occupier, or, (in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame) as fliall be affeffed and adjudged by the Ju It ices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be bolden for the faid County, on the like Notice and in like Manner as herein-after mentioned, in c-ife of any Diipnte refpecting Materials being got out of and from any private Lands or Grounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, 1 hat it fliall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, to cut, dig, gather, take, and catry away any Stones, Grave!, Sand, Furze, and Heath, or any other Materials proper for repaiting the faid Road or other the Purpofes of this Ad, in, upon, out of, or from any Wafte Grounds or Commons, or from any River, Bro >k, or Beach (but not within One hundred Feet of any Bridge, Drain, Wear, or Highwater Mark, and fo as the Banks of the River fhall not be thereby endangered, or the Courfeor Run of the Water be altered or diverted) in any Parifh or Place in which any Part of

[Lcc.'&l’er.']	4E	the

Power to make a Bridge, Cauieways, Uc.

Power to get Gravel and other Materials.

294	47*	GEORG	11 III. SeflT. 2. Cap. 15,

the faid Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parilh, Town, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, fuch Surveyor or other Perfons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence fuch Materials (hall be taken, or railing or fencing off, or (loping fuch Pits, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Pafl'engers or Cattle ; and if fuch Quantities of Stones, Gravel, Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials proper and lufficient for that Purpofe, cannot be had or found in or upon fuch Waite Grounds or Commons contiguous to that Part of the faid Road intended therewith to be repaired, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfons as aforelaid, may by Order of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials as aferefaid, in, upon, out of, from, and over the Lands of any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Houfe, or any inclofed Grounds, planted and fet apart as a Nurlery for frees), paying or tendering a fuf-ficitnt Compenfation in Money for fuch Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of fuch private Lands out of which any Materials (hall be gotten, or over which the fame (hall be conveyed ; and in cafe any Dilpute (hall arile between the faid Truftees, and the Perfons entitled to fuch Compenfation concerning the Amount of fuch Damage, the Juftices of the Peace at the firft General Quarter Sdllons, or at the feCond General Quarter Seflions at the farthelt, to be holden after fuch Difference (hall arife, in and for the County or Diftrid where fuch Difference (hall arife, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Pany to the other, (hall upon Application for that Purpofe, by or on behalf of either Party, hear, fettle, and determine the fame ; and the Judgement or Order of the (aid Juftices therein (hall be final and con-clufive to and upon all Parties.

XXIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaSed,. That it (hall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Perfon or Perfons under the Authority of this Ad, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the (aid Road in or from any inclofed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing under the Hands of Five or more of the faid Tru(le< s (hall haveheen given Twenty-one Days to the Occupier of the Premifes from which tuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for him or her at his or her ufual Place of Rciidence, to appear before Two Juftices of the Peace ading for the faid County of Cumberland, at fuch lime and Place as (hall be mentioned in fuch Notice, to (hew Caufe why fuch Materials (hall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds ; and in cafe fuch Occupier (hall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, fuch Juftices (hall, if they think proper, authorize fuch Surveyor or other Perfons to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials at (uch Time or Times as to fuch Juftices (hall feeni proper; and if fuch Occupier fhali negled or refufe to appear by himfelf or herlelf, or his or her Agent, the laid Juftices (hall and may make fuch Order therein as they (hall think fit, a.siully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Occupier or his Agent had at-tended ; and the faid Juftices (hall and may adminirter Oaths, and award Cofts in like Manner as hercin-after mentioned in Cafes of Difference in the Valuation of Lands to be taken and uled for thePurpufcs of titis Ad.

Penalty on XXV. Provided always, and be it futther enaded, That if the Owner taking away or Occupier or any Ground or Soil, or any Perfon whumtoewr (hall take

Notice to be piven before Materials are taken from inclofed Grounds.

47“GEORGII Iir. Seff. 2. Cap. 15.	295

away any Materials which (hall have been dug, gathered, or prepared for the Purpotes of this Aft, or if any Owner or Occupier of any private Ground (hall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which (hall have been made for the Purpofe of getting fuch Materials, before the laid Surveyor or his Workmen (hall have difcontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of fuch Pit or Quarry foT his private Ufe, and not for Sale), every fuch Per-fon lo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall obftruft, affault, interrupt, or hinder, or caufe to be obftrufted, affaulted, perfon8'”n® interrupted, or hindered, any of the faid Turnpike Surveyors, or any paged in the other Perfon or Perfons by them, or any of them, or by the faid Truftees Execution of or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, taking,

or carrying away of any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for widening, altering, or repairing the faid Road or any Part or Parts thereof, or in removing any Annoyance, or in topping, lopping, cuttmg down, or removing any Trees or Bufhes as aforefaid, or in digging, cleanfing, or fcouring any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourfe, or in doing any other Aft for the widening, repairing, diverting or altering of the faid Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or otherwife in the Execution of the Powers by this Aft given, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That for the Purpofe of widening, Powertopur. turning, diverting, altering, and improving the faid Road, it (hall be ck*ie •La‘lds lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, to contract and

agree with the Owners and Proprietors, and other Perfons interelfed in any Lands or Grounds lying convenient for that Purpofe, for the Purchafe of luch Lands or Grounds, or for the Damage which may be fuftained by fuch widening, turning, diverting, or altering any Part of fuch Road, and to pay for the fame, and the Expences of fuch Purchaie and Agreements, out of the Tolls by this Aft granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained (ball authorize the faid Commiffioners to take and ufe,for the Pur-pofes of this Aft, any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any Houfe, or any inclofed Grounds planted and fet apart as a Nurlery for Trees, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof firit had and obtained.

XXVIII.	And whereas it may happen that fome Bodies Politick, Cor- Purchjfes porate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or

in Tail, or for any other particular Lflate or Intereft, Femes Covert, Ktick°, and ° Truftees, Guardians, Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executots, Ad- others dif-miniftrators or others, are or may be feifed or poffeffed of Lands, Grounds ab'ed ^om and Hereditaments, which may by the laid Truftees be thought neceffary convcy‘ng' or proper to be taken in and. added to the faid Road, for turning, widening, altering, or amending the lame; be it therefore further enafted,

That it (hall and may be iawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants tor Life, or in Xail, or for any other particular Eliate or Intereft. in Poffedion, Femes Covert and their TIu(bands, Truftees, Guardians, and Feoffees in Truft,

Executors,

296	47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 15.

Executors, Adminiftrators, Committees, and Truftees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of ihemielves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alio for and on behalf of any Infants, Lunaticks, or Ceftmque Trulls, and for all and everyPerfon orPerfons whomfoever who are or fhall be feifed or pt fltffcil of or interefted in any fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to treut, contract, and agree with the laid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, for the Sale of luch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to fell and convey the fame as Occafion ihall be and require ; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which (hall be fo made, fhall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Lancfto^he XXIX. And be ic further enacted. That if any fuch Body Politick or afeertained	Corporate, or other Owners of or Perfon or Perfons interefted in any

by a Jury.	fuch Lands or Grounds as aforefaid, or any fuch Feoffees in Trull, Ex-

ecutors, Adminiftiators, Guardians, or other Truftees, fhall refufe to treat, or fhall not agree for the Sale of any fuch Lands or Grounus, or for their Intereft therein, or by reafon of Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, the faid Truftees fhall within Ten Days at the leaft brfore any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden for the faid Coun.y, caufe Notice in Writing to be given to fuch Owners or Petfons interefted. Feoffees, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Guardians, and other Truftees Tefpeftively, or to the principal Officer of any fuch Body Politick or Corporate, or to be left at the Houfe of the Tenant in Poffeffi n of the Lands or Grounds intended to be purchafed, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjufted and fettled by a Jury at the faid Sefiions, then and in every luch Cafe the Juflices of fuch Sefiions, upon Proof made to them of fuch Notice having been given or left as aforefaid, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury w'hich (hall attend at fuch Sefiions, or fome other Jury of Twelve hontft Men to be there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the faid County, without Fee or Reward, and caufe them to befworn well and truly on their Oaths to affefs the Value of the Lands or Grounds mentioned or deferibed in the faid Notice, and the Damages or Recompence to be given for the fame, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as fhall be intended to be taken and ufed for the Purpofts of this Aft, to the refpeftive Owners and Perfons interefted -a< cording to their refpeftive Interefts therein; and the faid Truftees and all Fer-fons interefted fhall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jury when they come to be fworn ; and the faid Jury, being fo lwotn and charged as aforefaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to tnem given (which Oath, and alfo the Oath to the faid Jury, the faid Juftices arc hereby authorized and requited to adminiller) concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of fuch Lands or Grounds, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as aforeffid, and alfo after having viewed the Place in Quef-tion (it judged r.eceffary by the faid Juftices in Sefiions affembled, on Application of the faid Trultees, or any of the Parties interclfed) (hall by their Ven ift affefs, declare, and alcertain, the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame to fuch relpeftive Owners and Perfons according to heir refpeftive Interefts therein, and iuch Verdift of the faid jury fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to the faid Truftees, and to all Perfons and Parties, interefted in the faidLands or Grounds; and the faid Juftices fhall and ntay award Colts to either Party as in their Dilcretion fhall ieem meet.

XXX. And

47° GE/ORGII	I IT. Sefl'2. 'Cef. 15.	2^7

X^X. And (ie it1 further enacted, That in cafe any Jury Ihall give in How Ex-or deliver a Verdict or AlTeflinent for more Money as a Recorapence for Jury'll be \he Right, liuerelt, or Property of any Per(bn or Perfons in any Lands or paij. Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by them fuftained than what (hall have been agreed and offered by the faid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the futnmoning and returning ofthe Jury as a Recompence and Satisfaftibn for any fuch Right, Intereft, and Property, or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, that then and in fuch Cafe the Cods and E.pences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnefles fhail be borne and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Truftees out of the Money in his Hands to arile by virtue of this Aft ; but if fuch Jury fliall give and deliver a Ver-dift or Aifeffment for no more or lets Money than fliall have been agreed to and offered by the laid Truftees ar any Five or ni re of them, before the fummoning and returning the laid Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, liuerelt, or Property or Lofs, or Damage as afore-laid, that then the full Colts and Expences of fummoning andmaintainihg the laid Jury aud Witnefles, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Differences (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees (hail have luch Conrroverfy or I'ifpute, which faid Colls and Expences having 6ecn alcertained and fettled bv fome Juflice of the Peace of the faid County, not interefted in the Matter in queftion (who is hereby’ required to examine and fettle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him. appointed, after fummoning the Parties interefted therein to attend him lor that Porpofc) fhail and-may be dedufted outofthe Money lb alls fled and adjudged as fo much Money advanced to and for fheTJie of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment oy Tender of tin Remainder of fuch Motley fliall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Pin-poles to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum oh Sums fo aflckled’and adjudged, or ctheiwife, fuch Calls' and Expences, in cafe the lgme be not paid upon Demand after being fo alcertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered, by the Cleric to the Truftees by .fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures : Provid. d always, that in aft Truftees to Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons {hall by reafon of Abfe'nce pay Expences have been prevented from treating w.th the faid Truftees, fuch "he" I,erfon* Cells and Ejtoences fl'.ali be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in fromAblcnce

>,	c	r	■	J	‘	J	are prevented

Manner afordaid,	from treating.

XXXI. And he dfurther enacted,ThatallSums ofMoney fo afleffed asafore- On Payment faid, fliall be ami they are hereby charged upon the Monies which ihall be ofthePur-collcfted or raifed by virtue of this Aft, and Ihall be paid thereout accord- =hafjj-Mo,iey ingly by the laid Truftees or by their Treafurer, to the Perfons relpeftively temadTuf* entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof to luch of.™ ' Perfons or their Agents, or depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in M-mner by this /eft direfted, [<w the Cafe may be~] luch Lands and Grounds Ihall to all Indents and Purpofes whatfeev-r become and be deemed and taken to be',a Public and Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the la d Road for ever, and fliall be repaired and kept in Repair by inch Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all refpefts in fuch Mai ner, ps. the High Roads within the Parilh or Place where luch Lands or Grounds armfi.mated, are by Law and this Aft to b; kept in Rena r •

V*-vr<' 0	it	‘S

298

Application of Compen-

fati .n wlieti amounting to loot,

pplication here the ^ompenfa-don (hall be iefs than aool. and exceed 20.

470 GEORG! I III. Seff.2. Cap. 15;

and all Perfons and Parties (hall for e*er thereafter be diverted of all Right

and Title to fuch Lands or Grounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Money fhall be agreetf or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall b long to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the B_nk of England in the Name and with the Pi ivity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of thefaid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court fltall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or arteding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Dirtdion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ules, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wh ch fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as afore-laid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effect ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court t f Chancery, up m Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds/>rr Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends, and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidared or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being haye been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity afortlaid, lhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds, then and in ail fuch Cafes the fame fhall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, 0; Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their

Guardian

47° GEORG 11 III. SefT. 2. Cap. 15.	299

Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwile the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, a' d approved ofby Five or more of the faid Truftees for executing this Aft,

(fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, Jo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and belt further cnafted, That where fuch Application Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next brfoie mentioned fhall where the be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall Money islefi be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time thanio1* being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Trultees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe anJ Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively,

XXXV.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Per- Money a!W.

fons to '= hom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid ed for Lands, as aforeLid fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the &c. pur-Satisfaftion of the 'ifaid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or Hull f1	1

re*ufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances, or in cafe fuch Per- a°d tendered, fon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall b? fo ordered &c.

to be paid as afbrefeid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the fad Sum or Sums fo awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid I ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferring them'] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofirion of the faid Court, which laid Court, on the Application of anv Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall he and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the lame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invclled in the public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment ot the Dividends thereof, according to therefpeftiveEftate orEftates,

Title, or lntereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making claim th.reunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Pretnifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable, and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch 4	Perfoa

3oo

Refpe cling

difputed

Titles.

Court of Chancery to direct the Payment of Expences

Froperty of Turnpikes, ike. veiled in the I ndices.

470GfiORGII lit; Seir;2.' 'Cupi^:

Perron or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sutn or Sums of Money intolhe

Bank, as aforefaid.

XXXVI: Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where any Quefticm (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfq'n to any Money ro be paid into the Bank: of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in putfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Pilate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any foch Bank Annuiiies, the Perfon or Pc Tons who (ha 1 have been in FoiT.-flron of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of foch Purchafe, and all Perfons clainrng under fuch Perfon or Perfons, of under the Pofleffiuii of fuch Perfon or Perfons. (hall be deemed and taken to hav'. been la«lully entitled to-fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments recording to inch Pofltffion, until the contrary (hall be fhevvn to the. Satisfaction of tire laid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed witn fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall he paid, applied, and dilpofed of accordingly, unlcfs it (hail be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful PofTefTion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to Inch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where, by rcafon of any Diiability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur-chaled under the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the fnid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance or this Act, or fo much of fuch Expences as the laid Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Truftees, or any Ft'•« or more of them, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the laid Court (hall direft.

XXXVI1T. And be it further enafted. That the Right and Property of and in all and every the Turnpikes, Toll-hou!es, Buildings and Bridges, and alfo all Walls, Rail', Stile.--, Polls, and Pences, which (hall belong to the fa;J Road hereby direfted to be made and repaired, and afto all Tools, Implements, Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, to be purchaled, gotten, or had, for r< pairing the faid Road, (hall be and are hereby vetted in the laid '! ru'lces, and they are h reby atithoried and empowered to diipofe of the lame as they (licit think fig or to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Actions, or to prefer and pro'ecute or order to be pr,fared and prolecuted any Indictment or Indictments in the Name or Names of ar.y One or more of them, or of their Treafurer or Clerk, againftany Perfon or Perfons who (hull dig up, break, or pull down, (leal, take, or carry away, fpoil, injure, or deftrov, any of the faid Turnpikes,

47° GEORG I i III. Seflt 2. Cap. 15	301

Toll-Gates, or Toll-Houfes, Buildings or Bridges, or any cf the Materials and Things aforelaid, or who lhall ditturb the laid Trudees or any Pcr-fon employed by them in the Poffeffion thereof.

XIX. And be it further enaaed/, That after the Road (hail be completed Old Road to the Ground conftiiuting the former Road (unlefs leading to fome Village,

Town, or Place, to which fuch new Hoad doth not lead) (hall be velted in and fh dl and may be fold and conveyed by the laid 7 rultees, or any Five or more of them, for the belt Price that can be obtained for the fame, and the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhall be applied to the Repair of the Ro:.d hereby intended to be made and repaired; and the Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of fuch Grounds lhall be by Bargain and Sale, executed bv the laid Trullees, or any Five oi more of them, and inrolled with the Clerk, of the Peace for the County of Cumberland.’. Provided always, that when any Grounds fhall be fold in purfuance of the faid lad mentioned Power, the fame lhall be fird offered at a fair and reafonable Price to fuch Perfon or Perfons as diail haveLands contiguous to or lying intermixed therewith, and to whom the Purchafe thereof lhall appear to be mod rea-lonable; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe£fively (hall not then and thereupon agree, or fhall refufe to purchafe the fame, on an Affidavit being made and fworn before a Mader Extraordinary in the High Court of Cnancery, or befoie One of His Majedy’s Jultices of the Peace for the County in which fuch Piece or Pieces cf old Road lhall lie, by fome Perfon cr Perfons no ways intereded in the faid Piece or Pieces of old Road or ether Ground, dating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, and that fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was fo offered, fhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made [as the Cafe may be ] ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be defirous of purchaling the fame and he, lire, or they, and the faidTruf-tecs or any Five or more of them, fhall differ and not agree with rel'peft to the Price thereof, in fuch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof lhall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before diredfed with refptd to dif-puted Value of the Premifes to be purchafed by the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, in purfuance of this Aft, and the Expence of hearing and determining fuch Difference lhall be borne and paid in like Manner as heTein-before direded with lefpecV to fuch Purchafe made by the laid Trudees mutatis mutandis.

XL. And be it further enaded, That the laid Trudees, or any Five Powertoput or more of them, lhall caufe the faid Road when fet out and made to be down M‘1** meafured, and Stones or Pods to be placed in or near the fame, with ftonet’ &c' Inlcriptious thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Diftanceof Places as they lhall think proper, and alfo Pods at the feveral Roads leading out ot the laid Road hereby uireded to be altered or repaired, with In-feriptions thereon directing to what Place or Places the faid Roads reflectively lead, as they the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them lhall think lit; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any ot the Mile-Stones or Pods already ereded, or hereafter to be ereded upon or near any Part of the faid Road, or lhall obliterate or deface any ot the Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon, and be thereof [Lee. & Per.]	4	G	convicted

3C2	4-7°GEORGII	III.	Sell.	2.	Cap.	15.

convicted before any Juflice of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, or by Confeilion cf the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Wir-nefs, fuch Perfon or Perfons foj offending lhall forfeit and cay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every fuch Ofience, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

Perfons already liable to do Highway Duty, not to be exempted by this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Towns, Purilhes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof. Bodies Politic and Corporate, and the Members ot the lame, who before the palling of this Act have or hath ul'ed, or of Right ought by reafon of the Tenure of any Lands or Hereditaments, or on any other Acc uut or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts ot the Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Bridge or Bridges, (hall, notwithftanding this Act, be fub-ject and liable to and charged and chargeable with the repairing and beeping the fame in Repair, in the fame Manner as they or anv of them have or hath heretofore ufuaily been or would have been in cafe this Ad had noc been ma ie.

Ferfoiu	XLB.	Provided	always,	and	be	it enaded, That all Perfons who by

bt*cureWc-’° ^aw are t0 do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and

tocontinuefo. amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, (hall ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as here-dcter-iine to^ore i and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices Differences °f the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, and they are hereby retouching bta- quired and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid 'l’ruf-tute Work. tees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work thail every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpe&ive Parilhes or Places in which the faid Road doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place in lieu of or as a CompoGtion for fuch S atute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by bim, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Treasurers ; and in order thereunto it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every l'uch Parilh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be exprtffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of l'uch Summons} of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law lubjecc and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a CompoGtion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilh-ing the Nature of the] Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refptd.ve Sums to be fo paid, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions, as is or may be direded by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoinr, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear to be tubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the laid Road as the faid Juftices lhall think reafonable, and the fame lhall be done on fuch Days, and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, lhall, from Time to Time order, dired, and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhall and may alfo

order

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 15.	303

order and direct the Perfons who by i'och Lifts (hall appear to be fubject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid,* to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpcftive Perfons liable to the Pa ment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act au horifed or direfted to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their hit or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Putpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hcrfe or Horfes, Bead or Bealls, to be provided by him her, or them, be fubject and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the laid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fending fuch Labourer, Team, or Draught, fhall be fubject and liable ro the refpective Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if fuch Team or D aught had not been fent to work on any Parts of the laid Road, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the laid Road ; and in cafe rde faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Purifhes or Places fhall refufe or wilfully negledt to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the faid Traders may Truftees, or any Five or more of them, may and are hereby autho- compound rized and empowered to compound with any Perfon or Perfons who are to repair by reafon of their Tenure or otherwife, and with the feveral Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the feveral Towns, Parilhes, Hamlets, and Places through which the faid Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, do or fhall lead, for the Repairs aforefaid, and for the feveral Days Statute Work, or other Work to be by him, her, or them relpeclively done upon the faid Road, at and for fuch Rates and Sums of Money by the Year or otherwife, as they the faid T ruftees or any Five cr more of them, and the Inhabitants or Occupiers refpe&ively, fhall agree upon, which faid Money fhall be paid to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint, and be laid out in the Repairs of the faid Road.

XL1V. And be It further enacted, That if any Perfon fhall haul, draw, or caule to be hauied or drawn, upon any Parc of the faid Road, any feefon the"’ Tree or Piece of Timber, or anv Stone, otherwife than upon Wheel Ri'aJ> "i:h-

SL,C“-

3&4	47°	GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 15.

Carriages, or fhall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which fhall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of fuch Road to th" Damage or Prejudice thereof, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Penalties how XLV. And be it further enafted, That all the Forfeitures, Penalties, veredand'	and Fines hereby infiifted, or authorized to be impofed (if the Manner

applied.	of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwife direfted) fhall

upon Proof of the Offences refpeftively before any One Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence {hall be committed, or any One Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender fhall be and refide, either by Conreflion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffcs (which Oath fuch Juftices is thereby empowered and required toadminifter without Fee or Reward) be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties fo offending, by Warrant or War-ranis under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, (which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and requred to grant for thofe Purpofes,) and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are recovered and deduced, fhall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the faid Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, fhall be, if not otherwife direfted to be applied by this Aft, from Time to Time, paid to any Five or more of the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer, and applied in Repair of the faid Road, and in cafe fuffkient Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall be lawful for any One Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, and he is hereby authorifed and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Prrfon or Perfons offending fhall live, or where the Offence or Offences fliall be committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reafonable Charges fliall be fooner paid and fatisfkd.

XLVI. And for the more eafy and fpeedyConviftion of Offenders againft this Aft, be it further enafted. That all and every the Juftice and Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perlon or Perfons fhall be con-vifted of any Offence againft this Aft, fliall and may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form of Words ; videlicet,

Form of County of 1 « T>E it remembered. That on Conviftion to wir J ‘ in the Year of our Lord

‘ A. B. is convifted before me C. D. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the ‘ Peace for the faid County of [fpecifying the Offence, Time, and Place

*	when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe fhall be]. Given

*	under my Handjand Seal, the Day and Year aforefaid.

Power of XLVII: Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Per-Appeal. fon or Perfons fliall think himfelf, herfelf or them lei ves aggrieved by aoy Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, a Remedy whereof is not

3	hereby

47°.GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 15.	3°S

hereby otherwife, or at any other Time, provided for, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftices at the General Quarter Seflions ol the Peace, to be held for the County or Place wherein the Caul'e of Complaint (hall arife, within Six Calendar Months after the Cauio of Complaint fhall have arifen, the Appellant or Appellants firft giving or caufing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of ,the Matter thereof, to the Clerk, Treafurer, or Surveyor of the laid Road, and within ten Days after fuch Appeal entering into a Recognizance before feme Juf-tice of the Peace for fuch County or Place with Two fufEcient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay fuch Colts, as fhall be awarded by the Jultires at fuch Quarter Seflions, and the Juftices at fuch Seflions upon clue Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the enteiing into fuch Recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and the faid Juftices lhall and may in every fuch Cafe, and in every other Cafe of Appeal direfted by this Aft, award to the Parties, Appellants or Refpondents, fuch Cofts as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper, and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seflions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be Diftrefs not made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this to be unUw. Aft the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or ^

Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaflers on account of any Defeft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviftion, Notice,

Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaflers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perl'on or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Aftion on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in NoA&ion »ny Aftion for fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Proceedings, if Ten- to be brought c er of Satisfaction and fufficient Amends fhall be made by or on behalf if Satisfaction of the Party or Parties who fhall have committed or caufed to be com-	or

mined any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceeding, before fuch Action brought ; and in cafe no Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court where fuch Aftion fhall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court (udi Sum of Money as he or they (hall fee fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Orders and Judgements fhall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court, as in other ACtions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIX. And be it further enafted. That no Proceeding to be had Proceeding* touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft this Aft, not ^bere-or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or tranfafted Certiorari in or relating to the Execution of this Aft, fhall be vacated or quafhed erothenvif^ for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjler, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. And be it fur her enafted. That the feveral Perfons who have Money how fubfcribed or fliall fubferibe Money for and cowards making, repairing, tobereco-

[!«.&■ ftr/|	„H	EtSd?,

§ubftfriber9*

3o6

Treafurer to account every Year.

Erpences of

obtaining the Aft to be paid out of the Tolls.

Limitation of Aftions.

47* GEORG 11 III. Sefl'.2. Cap. 15.

turning, diverting, or altering the faid Road, fhall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum fo fubfcribed, or fuch Part or Parts thereof, within fuch Times, and to fucb Perfon or Perfons, as the laid Trullees, or any Five or more of them, fhall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands authorize to receive the fame, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as aforefaid, and in Default thereof it fhall be lawful for the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to fue for and recover the fame m the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, in any of His Majeity’s Courts of Record, by ASion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

LI. And be it further enaSed, That every Treafurer for the Time being to the.fiid Truftees for making and repairing the faid Road fhall render and make up his Accounts of Receipts and Difburfements upon Oath, at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, to be holden next after every Midfummer Yearly, to be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, and kept among the Records of the faid County, and fuch Accounts may be infpeSed by any Perfon or Perfons gratis, who fhall and may take Copies of all or any Part thereof, paying for the fame the Sum of One Shilling and no more.

LII. And be it further enaSed, That all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this AS, together with lawful Intereft from the Time of advancing the fame to the Time of Payment, fhall be paid and defrayed out of the firft Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purpofes of this AS, and the Remainder thereof (hall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies due on the Credit of the Tolls colleftea on the faid Road, and to grow due and to be bor. rowed on the Credit of this AS, and the Intereft thereof reipeCtively, and in carrying this AS into Execution.

LIIT. And be it further enaSed, That no ASIon or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pur-fuance of this AS until Twenty-one Days Notice fhall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the faid Truftees, or after f ufticient Satis-faSion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, orjafterSix Calendar Months next after the FaS committed ; and all ASions and Suits fhall be brought, laid, or tried in the County or Place where fuch Matters and Things refpeSively fhall be committed and done, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in fuch ASions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General iffue, and give this AS and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which ftvall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing tor which fuch ASion or ASions, Suit, or Suits, fhall be fo brought was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this AS ; and if the laid Matter or Tiling fhall appear to be fo dune, or if it fhall appear that fuch ASion or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforefaid, or that fufficient SatisfaSion was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch ASion or Suit fhall not be commenced within the Time befoie for that Purpofe limited, or fhall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the n .J	4	Jury

3°7

470 GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 15.

Jury or Juries fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein, and if a Verdid or Verdids shall be found for fuch Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, fhall become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Adion or Adions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in fuch Adion or Adions Judgement fhall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either or any of the Cafes aforefaid fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofls, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cofts in any other Cafes by Law.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed and Publick Act.' taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be judicial-y taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufiices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad, and all the Tolls and Commences Powers hereby given, fhall commence and take Effed on the Day on nientand which the Truftees fhall hold their firft Meeting, and fhall be put in Ter?J?f Execution and continue in force from thenceforth for and during the 11C c ’ Term of Twenty-one Years then"! next enfuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mold Excellent Majefty. 1807.





		
	IO t . y'	... ) i i.: i
		>
	-I-'-”-- ■ i	
- tai.i: :i	-ta -	: ' ■. ’ J . ■ I U 1 ■ , .
		■*  ■ •. ** --'.'ns ia it
		
		
		
		
-> K>. . .. ■ : , t		
		
jg? ■. *3		

' '/	-	.1	'.y'V*'

■ .ijj i- -i ~-dj. i •-j

. T



.

i-ljW

*:•	zs

i4; -o.*' ziu'-X.ifl ;





Ov M "





><?/

;

_

.

-

’ '

.

■











.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* SefT. 2.

Cap. 16.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an A6t, pafled in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, “ for amend-“ ing the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, to the “ South End of Wilderfpool Caufeway, and from <c the Town of Frodjham to Aft ton Lane End, “ in the County of Chejlerfo far as refpects the Ckejler Diftridt of the faid Roads, and for extending the fame from the prefent Termination thereof at Flookerjbrook Bridge aforefaid, to the North End of Coho Lane Bridge, in the County of Chejler, and for making a new Road from fuch propofed Ex-tenfion of the faid Road to the North End of ^ueen Street, in the fame City.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Aft, pafled in the Twenty.fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled “ An Aft for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-“ pair, the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, within the Townfhip of New-“ ton, near Chejler, to the South End of tVilderJpool Caujeway, and fn-m “ the Market Town of Frodjham to AJhton Lane End, in the To snfhip of “ AJhton, in the County of Chejlerfeveral Tolls, Duties, and Powers [Loc. y Per.]	41	were

IO

Rrciiing ih’t theTiuflces of th Chefter Difllifl have proceeded in Execution of ihe Aft of j6 Geo. 111.

That it is re-ccfiary to fe-pirate the Dillrifts. That itwould be of public Benefit if the Road between Flook-er (brook Bricge and Cow Lane Biidge were made Part of the Chefter Diftrift.

And if a Communication were made from fucn Road to the North End of QueenStreet.

Said Act further continued.

470 GEOR.G II III. Seff. 2. Cap. 16.

were granted for repairing and widening the refpeftive Diftrifts or Di-vifions of the faid Road in the faid Aft mentioned ; and it was thereby enafted, that fuch Part of the Roads in cite faid Aft comprifed as lies between Flockerjhrcck Bridge aforefaid, and the Market Houfe within the Town of Frodjham, and between the faid Market Houfe in the Town of Frodjham and A jit on Lane End aforefaid, (houk) be called the Chefier Dillrict or Divifion of the fiid Roads, and fiich Part of the faid Roads as lies between the faid Market Houfe in Frodjham, and a cerrain Sign or Place called the Saracen’s Head, near the South End of the faid Caufeway called JVildcrJpool Caujeway, in the Townfhip of Appleton, Ihoultl be called the Frodjiam Diftrift or Divifion of the faid Roads: And whereas the Truftees appointed by the before-mentioned Aft for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Chejer D:ftrift of the Roads therein comprifed, have proceeded to put the fame in execution fo far as refpifts the lame Diftrift, and have borrowed confiderable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arifing upon the fame Diftrift, which (fill remain due, and by reafon of the great Length of the Road within the fame Diftrift, and the Expence of procuring Materials proper for the Repjir thereof, and other Circumftances, the faid feveral Sums and the It.tereft thereof cannot be paid ofF, ncr can the faid Dillrict of Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair unlefs the Term granted by the faid Act be further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions in the faid Act contained be altered and enlarged, fo far as refpects the faid Chejer Diftrict of the faid Roads; and it is ncceffary that the Tofts granted by the faid Act within the laid Chejer Diftrict of the faid Roads ftiould be increafed : And whereas it is expedient that the Chejer Diftrict of the Roads comprifed in the faid Act ftiould be feparated from the Frodjiam .Diftrict of the fame Roads: And whereas it would be of great public Utility if the Road leading from Flookerjrcok Bridge aforefaid, to the North End of a Bridge called Cow Lane Bridge, acrols the Chejer Canal, at or near the North End of Cow Lane, in the City of Chejer, were made Part of the Chejer Diftrict of the faid Roads, the faid Road being much out of Repair, and not capable of being properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary courfeof Law; And whereas it would alfo be of great public Advantage if a new Road of Communication were made from the faid Road lying between Flookershrock Bridge and Cow Lane Bridge aforefaid, at or near a Houfe within the Liberties of the faid City of Chejer, in the Occupation of Charles Wbittingham, to and acrofs the faid Chejer Canal, to the North End of Queen Street, in the faid City of Chefter, and if the fame were made a Part of the Chejer Diftrict of the Roads comprifed in the faid Act: But the feveral Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effected with-outthe Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majtfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Acc and aft and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provifions, and Claufes therein contained (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except fuch as are herein-after varied or repealed) fubject co the Provifions, Alterations, and Amendments hereinafter contained, (hall be and continue in full Force for and during the Term herein-after mentioned; and that the laid recited Act and this Act

ihall

311

47° GE0RG1I III. Scfl. 2. Cap. 16.

fhall be executed, and (hail extend, applv, and have relation as well to the making, widening, repaying, and maintaining the Roads comprifed in the Chefter Diflrict of the faid Roads mentioned in the faid recited Act, together with the faid additional Road from Flookersbrook Bridge to the North End of Cow Line Bridge herein-before defcribed, (and which is hereby declared to be a Part of the Chefter Diftrict of the faid Roads comprifed in the faid recited Act,) as alfo to the making, widening, amending, and keeping in Repair the faid new Road of Communication from the faid Road lying between Flookersbrook Bridge and the North End of Cow Lane Bridge aforefaid, at or near to the faid Houfe in the Occupation of Charles Whittingham, with a Bridge acrofs the Chefter Canal to the North End of Queen Street, in the faid City of Chefter, as hereinbefore defcribed, (which laid new Road of Communication (hall alfo be deemed and taken to be Part of the Chefter Diflrict of the faid Roads, and to be a Public Highway) in as full and ample a Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid rtcited Act were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefent Act, and the faid new Road of Communication, and the faid additional Road from Flookersbrook Bridge to Cow Lane Bridge aforefaid, had originally made Parc of the Roads included in the Chefter Diflrict of the Roads comprifed in the faid Act ; and that this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby declared to be fubject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the faid recited Act, or which fhall be borrowed on the Credit of the faid recited Act and this Act, and ^the Ir.terefl due or to grow due thereon refpect-tively ; but fo neverthelefs that no mo*e than the Sum of Four hundred Pounds in the Whole (hail be borrowed or taken up at Interefton the Credit of the faid additional Term, and the faid Tolls hereby granted, or any of them, for the Purpofes of this Act, and fo that by and out of the Tolls hereby granted the Intereft of all the Money already borrowed by virtue ofthe f id recited Act fhall be difeharged, and the faid Road from Fiodjham to Flookersbrook Bridge aforefaid, kept in Repair by the Means in the faid recited Act and this Act mentioned, previoufly to the Application of any Part of fuch Tolls for or towards defraying the Expence of making any cf the Alterations or Improvements authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, between Flookersbrook Bridge and Cow Lane Bridge aforefaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of the City of Chefter for the Time being, the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Chrift and the Bleffed Virgin Mary in Chefter, for tne Time being, William Henry Addijon, Thomas Armitftead, Clerk, Richard AJhhurJl, Richard AJhhurft the younger, Edward Atherton, William Atherton, John Nevett Bennett, Samuel Nevett Bennett, James Bennett, Samuel Bennett, JoJeph Brown Clerk, Sir Richard Brooke Baronet,	Brooke, John Delves Broughton, Samuel Broadkurft, Samuel

Brittain of Upton, Samuel Brittain of Chefter, Thomas Bradford, George Cafe, Charles Cbolmondeley, Richard Congreve, Robert Foulkes Currie Doctor of Medicine, William Currie the younger, John Drake, John Edmondfon, Thomas Edwards Clerk, Samuel Farmer, Sir Stephen Richard Glynnc Baronet, John Lejkervyle Glegg of Withington, John Bajkervyle Glegg of Nefton, the Honourable Richard Grovejnor commonly called Vifcount Belgrave, Henry Grey, William Hay garth, John Hay garth the

younger,

Rond from

Flookerf-brook Bridge to Cow Lane Bridge, declar'd Bart of tht Ctiefter Diftrict.

Additional Truftees is the Chefter Diftrict.

312

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 16.

younger. Heavy llejketh the vounger, Peter Heron, John Hill, Rowland Hill Clerk,	Plodgkinjon	Ch rk, Ilugb Robert Hughes, 'John

Sorton Hughes, John Stewart Hughes, Samuel Hmkpbryes, Roger JecJon the younger, George Jacjon, Shallcrofs JacJon cl Bebbmgton, Thomas Jenkins, David Francis Jones the younger, James Kelfall, Egerton Leigh the younger, Peter Leigh Clerk, Henry Augu/tus Letcejler, Samuel Lightfoot, John Hignett Either land, John I.ycn, Jofepb Lyon, John Stanley Majfey, Charles Stanley MaJJey, James Stanley Majfey, Henry Stanley Majfey, the Honourable Edward Majfey, Sir ‘Thomas Mejlyn Baronet, Charles Mor-rall, the younger, Charles Mytton Cleric, Thomas Moulfon, John Moulfon, George Moulfon, George Parker, Richard Gerrard Perryn, Sir George Beejion Prejcolt Baronet, Francis Richard Price, Domville Poole, Henry Potts, Charles Potts the younger, John Reece, James Rider, William Richards, Thomas Roberts, William Roberts, Thomas Roberts of Newton, John Swarbrick Rogers,	Sawkins Clerk, Sir Thomas

Stanley Majfey Stanley Baronet, John Thomas Stanley, Thomas Sadwortb, Robert Taylor, Majcie Taylor Cleik, Edward Venables Townjhend, Edzvard Tomkinjon the younger, James Tomkinjon the younger. Clerk, Edward Vernon the younger, Thomas Walker, Thomas Ward the younger, George Wilbraham the younger, Robert Williams, Edward Williams, William Henry Worthington, John Tates, John Brock Tates, Edmund Tates, Tates the younger, of I nee, and their SurcelTbrs to be hereafter elected and chofen under the Direction of and in the Manner preferibed by the faid recited Act, fnall from and after the palling of this prefent Act be added to and joined with the Truftees appointed by or elected in purfuance of the faid recited Act; and the faid Truftees hereby appointed, and their SuccefTors, together with the Truftees appointed by or elected in purfuance of the faid recited Act, are hereby contlituted and appointed Truftees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the fcveral Roads comprifed in the Chejler Dittricc of the Roads in the faid recited Act mentioned ; and alfo for putting in execution the faid recited Act and this Act, and the feveral Powers and Authorities therein and herein contained or referred to, fo far as the fame relate to the Chejler Diftrict of the faid Roads.

Truftees net III. Provided always, ar.d be it further enacted, That nothing herein tomakeihe contained fliall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize the faid new Road of Truftees to make the faid new Road of Communication from the faid tioD'but at' Road lying between Flookersbrook Bridge and Cow Lane Bridge aforefaid, the Requelt to the North End of Queen Street aforefaid, unlefs the Company of Pro-snd at the prietors of the Chejler Canal Navigation lliali apply to and requeft the faid' fhePChcftc°/ Truftees to make the fame, and fliall in the firft Inftance advance and pay Canal Com- into the Hands of the faid T ruftees fuch Sum of Money as fliall be neceffary pany.	for	defraying	the	Expence	of	making fuch new Road of Communication,

and the 3ridge over the faid Canal, and of purchafing the Land through which the fame Road (hall be propofed to be carried ; and fliall by Writing under the Seal of the (aid Company undertake and agree well and fufficiently to maintain, repair, and uphold the faid Road and Bridge at their own Cofts and Charges, at all Times after the fame fliall be fo made •, fo that if fuch new Road of Communication (hall be made, the faid Company of Proprietors lhall be at the whole Expence of making, repairing, and upholding the fame.

IV.	Provided

4/GECRGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 16.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if the faid ne-v Road of Communication (hall be fo made at the Requcft, Cofts, and Charges of the faid Company of Proprietors of the Chefter Canal Navigation, the Land conftituting the prefent Road from Cow Lane Bridge afore-faid, to the Point where fuch new Road of Communication will join the faid Canal, (hall be abfolutely vefted in the laid Company of Proprietors and their SuccelTors.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if after anv Adjournment of the faid Truftees it (hall upon any Emergency be thought necefiary that an earlier Day of Meeting fhould be appointed than the Dry to which the refpective Meeting (hall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by an Order in Writing figned by Five or more of the Truftees, although not aflembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner in the faid recited Act directed, and of the Time and Place which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Davs after fuch Notice,) and all Proceedings of the Truftees at fuch Meeting fhall be as valid as they would have been in cafe the Truftees had met in purfuance of any Adjournment: Provided always, that no further or other Buftnefs (hall be entered upon or taken into Confederation at anv fuch Meeting fo to be called upon an Emergency as aforefaid, than fuch as (hall have been fignified and particularly fet forth in the Order or Notice for calling fuch Meeting.

VI.	And whereas the feveral Tolls granted by the faid recited Act within the Chefter Diftrict of the faid Roads are infufficicnt for the Purpofe of paying the Annual Intereft of the feveral Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the fame Act, and for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads comprifrd in the fame Diftrict j be it therefore further enacted, That all and Angular the laid feveral Tolls fhall from and after the pafting of this Act ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that in lieu thereof the refpective Tolls following lhall be demanded, taken, collected, and paid at each and every of the feveral and refpective Toll Gates, Toll Bars and Turnpikes, which have been or fhall be placed, fet up, and erected, in or upon the Chefter Diftrict of the faid Roads, or in or upon the Side or Sides thereof, or acrofs any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, under and by virtue of the faid recited Act and this Act, or cither of them; (that is to fay).

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, drawing any Coach, Barouche, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaife, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, Cala(h,.or other fuch Carriage, Hearfe or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, Tumbril, or other fuch like Carriage, the Sum of Five-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum ofTwo-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle (Calves excepted,) thr Sum of One Shilling per Score j and fo in proportion for any greatce or lefs Number:

3*3

The prefea; Road from Cow Lane Bridge Co the Place where the new Road will join the CheflerCanal to be the Property of the Cheller Canal Company. Meetings on Emergencies.

Repealing former Tolls and granting new ones.

Tolls.

3*4

No Exemptions 10 be taken (or Narrow-s«i etlid Carts.

General

Exemptions.

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 16.

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Eight-pence per Score : and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

Which faid feveral and refpective Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken fha’l be and the fame are hereby refpectively vefled in the faid Truflees for putting the Lid recued Act and this Act in execution, and the fame and every Parr thereof fhall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, varied, reduced, affigned, and difpofed of in fuch, and the fame Manner, and by fnch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Remedies for Retiring and enforcing the due Payment thereof, and with fuch Penalties for the Non-payment or Evafion of the fame, and Rich Powers, Provifions, Regulations, and Exemptions, as are contained in the faid recited Act with refpect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, and as are herein-after contained.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar no Exemption from Toil fhall be claimed for or in refpect of any Waggon, Carr, nr other fuch Carriage having the Wheels of Six Inches in Breadth on the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies thereof, if the Tire doth not lie flat, or fo flat as not to deviate more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or which fhall not have the Nails counterfunk fo as not to rife above the Surface, or for or in refpect of any Cart or other Carriage, which, together with the Loading thereof, (hail be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act, paffed in the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled, “ An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act ofParlia-“ ment, the General Laws now in being for regulating the TurnpikeRoads “ in that Parc of Great Britain called England, and for other Purpoles,” to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the fame Kind refpectively, and laden with fuch Goods, Matters, and Things as do not exempt the fame from the Tolls hereby or by the faid recited Act paffed in the Twcnty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty impofed j and it fhall be lawful for the faid Trufteesor any Five or more of them to order all fuch Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are directed for weighing Carriages by the faid lafl-menticned Act.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by this Act fhall be demanded or taken at any Gate within the Limits of the faid Cbejier Diflricc of Roads, for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft employed only in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with any Dung, Soil, or Com-poft of any Kind, or other Manure for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground ; nor fhall any Toil be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hori'es employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Towjifhips or Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or Potatoes, Turnips, Parfnips, and Carrots not iold irr difpofed of, but pnfling to be laid up, or placed in the Out-houfts, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Hoifc employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty

to

3*5

4/ GEOROII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 16.

to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Thing; employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, nor for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or Watering Places, or going to or returning from being fboed or farrird ; nor from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wor-fhip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Srrvice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who (hall die, and be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting anv Tick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minillerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be Celebrated ; nor for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Defcrip-tion employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Mijefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Ex;>reffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Pcrfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Piace appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Pcrfons are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided by fuch Corps refpectively at the Time of claiming fu h Exemption as aforefaid 5 nor for any Horfes,

Carts, on Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fenc by legal Pafies ; nor for any H rfe, Cattle, or Beaft drawing any Coach, Landau,

Berlin, Calafti, Chair, or Pafl'cnger on Horfeback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight oi Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the laid County ot Chefteran the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day. after furh Election fhall begin or be concluded ; ai.dif any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon Pnall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety (hall be applied for the PurpoLs of the faid Act and this Act.

IX.	Piovided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any F™- appoint-Collector of the faid Tolls or other Officer (hail die, or milbehave him- inS Coliect-lclf or herfclf, or become incapable of performing his or her Duty, it ”rsoccol‘en-ffiall be lawful for any Five or more of the faid Truftees, though not af-fembled at a Public Meeting in purfuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to diiplace fuch Collectors and other Officers fo mill behaving or becoming incapable of performing their Duty, and appoint others injheir Stead ; and alio in the Stead of fuch of them as (hall fodie ; and all (uch Collectors, and other Officers (o appointed, fhall have the fame Authority to act in the Execution of their refpective Offices as the Perfon or Perfons whom they (hall fo fuccceu was or were veiled with, until the faid 1 ruftces or any Five or more of them (hall at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act appoint a Collector or other Officer as aforefaid.

X.	And

316

Collectors of Tolls compel nt Wit-neflcs.

Truftees may compound for Tolls.

Orders made

at Annual Mectinns not to be revoked but at an Annual Wetting.

T'uHees of

the Chefter Diftrift to take down certain Pre-mifes for the li e of the Road.

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 16.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fhall arift, touching or in anvwife relating to tiie faid Tolls or the Recovery thereof, the Perfon or Pcrfons appointed to collect the lame or any other Perfon or Pcrfons ac ting by or under the Authority of tht Lid Truftees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being appointed to collect luch Tolls, or by reafon of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truf-tees or anv Fifteen or more of them, from l ime to Time at their General Annual Meeting, to compound for any Term not exceeding one Year at anv one Time with any Perfon or Pcrfons for any Carriages, Horfes, Beads, or Cattle travelling on the faid Road, for all or any of the faid Tolls to be paid in refpect of fuch Carriages, Horfes, Beads, or Cattle, and fuch Compohtion Money (hall be paid in advance Quarterly or other-wife, as the faid Tiulkes lhaii think fit, and in Default thereof the Com-pofkion to be void.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made by the faid Truftees at any of their General Annual Meetings for or concerning the carrying the faid recited Act or this Act into execution, fhall be revoked, repealed, or fet afide by any lubfequent Order of the faid Tri ftees, unlelsfuch fubfcqutnt Order be alfo made at a General Annual Meeting.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacred, That it fhall be lawful for the Truftees of the faid Chejler Diftrict of the laid Road, or any Pcifon or Perfons by their Order or Appointment acting in the Execution of the faid recited Act or of this Act, or cither of them, to take down, tike in, remove, and vary the fcvcral Buildings, Gardens, Lands ,and Premifes, or any Part or Parts thereof herein-after particularly fpccified, and lay the Sites thereof into the faid Road, and to get Rock Scone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials out of fuch fpecified Gardens or Lands (that is to fay) Part of a Timber-Yard within the Liberties of the City of Chefter, belonging to Samuel Davies, and in the Occupation of John Fletcher ; Part or two feveral Gardens in the Liberties of the fame City, belonging to and in the Occupation of Albin Minjhull -, Part of a fmall Garden in front of a Dwelling-houfe in the Liberties of t ie lame City belonging to and in the Occupation of Samuel Davies-, Parc of another Yard or Garden within the fame Liberties, alfo belonging to and in the Occupation of the laid Samuel Davies ; a Porch or Projection in front of a Dwtlling-houlc in the Liberties of the fame City, belonging to Samuel Smith, and in the Occupation of John Burton-, Parc of a Clolc or Parcel of Land in the Liberties of the lame City, lately converted into Kitchen Gardens, belonging to John Cox, and in the Occupation of John Rogers and John Nickjon -, Part of a Gaidcn or Outlet near Ftookershrook Budge, in the Liberties of the lame City, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Williams ; Part of a Garden in Hoole in the faid County of CbeJIer, belonging to Samuel Cooper as Lcfiee thereof under the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and m the Occupation of George Millins-, Part of another Garden in Hoole aforefaid, belonging to Thomas Povoell as Leflee thereof under the faid Earl, and in the Occupation of

-	.	John.

3*7

47° GEORGII III. Seff.i. Cap. 16.

John Higginfon, Lewis Lloyd, or one of them ; Part of a Garden in Mickle Tr afford, in the faid County of Chejler, in the Occupation of John Reece as Leflee thereof under the faid Earl j Part of another Garden in Mickle Trafford aforefaid, in the Occupation of Mary Harrijon as Leflee thereof under the faid Earl; Part of another Garden in Mickle Trafford aforefaid, belonging to the faid Earl, in the Occupation of fFUliam Griffiths; Part of a Garden in Dunham on the Hill, in the fame County, belonging to Sufannah Egerton, Widow, as Leflee thereof under the faid Earl, and in the Occupation of Richard Dentil b; Part of a Dwelling-houfe in Helsby in the fame County, belonging to	Eaton Widow, as Leflee

under the Right Honourable George 'James Earl Cholmondeley, and in the Occupation of Martha Bate; Part of a Cow-houfe and Stable in Helsby aforefaid, belonging to and in the Occupation of John Lewis Part of a Barn in Helsby aforefaid, belonging to Thomas Webfter Clerk, and in the Occupation of Thomas Bate; a Dwelling-houfe in Hetherlon in the fame County, belonging to John Savage, and in the Occupation of John Gore and Martha Percival; for the Purchafe of which faid Cottages or Dwell-ing-houfes. Buildings, Gardens, Lands, and Premifcs herein-beforc mentioned and defcribed, or of fuch Part or Parts thereof refpectivcly as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think neceflfary, to be made ufc of for the Purpofes of the faid recited Act and this Act, or either of them, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or any Pcrfon authorized by them or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers thereof, and Perfons entitled thereto, and interefted therein refpectivcly, in fuch Manner and under the fame Powers artd Provifions as are given and granted in and by the faid recited Act for afeertaining and fettling the Value of any Lands or Hereditaments (not being Common or Wafte Land) to be taken and made ufe of for the Purpofes thereof, and as are herein-after contained.

. XIV. Provided always, That for and notwithftanding any Thing in this Act or the faid recited Act, or any Proceedings under the fame, all Bodies Corporate, and all and every other Pcrfon and Perfons, being Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Truftees, Feoffees, or Committees of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Annuities, or any Sum or Sums of Money which have been given or are liable to the amending or maintaining of any other Part or Parts of the faid Roads, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, fhall remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof in fuch Manner as they were before the making of this Act, and that all the Inhabitants of the Parilhes, Townlhips, and Places in which any Parts of the faid Road lie, and all other Perlons liable to perform the Work, commonly called Statute Work, upon the faid Roads or any Part thereof, (hall remain fub-ject to the Performance of fuch Work.

XV.	And be it enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County Palatine of Cbejler, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the rcfpective Parilhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Survey-

[Ltff. fc? Per.]	+ L	ors

Perfons, &e. chargeable to Highways to continue fo.

Juftices to

determine

Differences

Couching

Statute

Work.

47#: GEORGll lit. Seff. 2. Cap. 16.

ors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compolition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (tall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors ofthe Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, atfome Place to be exjpreficd in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by La* fubject and liable to do Statute-Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, dillinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the selective Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear to be fubject and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices lhall think realonable, and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harveft,) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhaH and may alfo order and direct the Perfons v.ho by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices (ball direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpective Perfohs liable to the Payment thereof in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, dial! for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hor'fe or Horfes, Benft of Beafts to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubject and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force arid effect for the Repair ofthe Public Highways; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (ball be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hefcby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch'Perfon (laall be fubject and liable to the refpective Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had neglected or retufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pariflies or Places (ball refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wit-

fully

3*9

47° GEORGII III. SeflV z. Cap. 16.

fully give in falfe or imperfett Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeic and pay any Sum no: exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Horfc or Horfes, Afs or

Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall be found wandering or departuring upon or };*“/wm* on the Sides of any Part of the faid Road, the Owner or Owners of fuch derirgor de. Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Carde or Swine, fhall refpe£lively forfeit pafturing in and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings to tlie High-be recovered in fuch Manner as the other Penalties are by the faid recited waX3*

A& directed to be recovered and levied j and the Surveyor and Survey orsof the faid Roads, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons, is and are hereby authorized to canfe all fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, as fhall be found wandering or depafluring upon the faid Rpad, or on the Sides thereof, to be impounded until the Complaint againft the Owner or Owners thereof can be heard before fome one of TIis Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace acting for the County of Cbefter, in cafe the Offence fhall be committed within the faid County, or for the City of Chefter in cafe the Offence fhall be committed therein, or until the Owner or Owners of fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall pay the faid Penalty, without having fuch Complaint heard before fuch Juftice of thePeace; and in cafe fuch Complaint fhall be,heard before fuch Juftice of the Peace, and fuch Juftice fhall convict fuch Owner or Owners, and order fuch Penalty or Penalties to be paid, then fuch Horfe or Horfes,

Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall remain impounded until the Penalty or Penalties fhall be paid, over and above the ufual Fee to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound where fuch Horfe or Horfes, Als or Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall be fo impounded} and if any Proprietor or Keeper ofany fuch Pound fhall releafe any fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, which fhall be fc impounded as aforefaid, without the Confentof fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons fo impounding, or until fuch Penalty or Penalties fhall be paid, every fuch Proprietor or Keeper (hail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceed-* ing Twenty Shillings ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall difturb or. moleft the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons leading or driving fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, to Pound as aforefaid, he or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; which faid leveral Penalties before mentioned (hall be applied towards the repairing of the faid Roads, and to or for no other Purpofc whatfoever.

XVII.	And whereas Offences may be committed againft this Act by For fecuring Perfons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed vanfitntOi. to put this Act into Execution ; be it therefore enacted, That it lhall be fcn“crs' lawful for any of the laid Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpec-

tively, and luch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall call to his or their Afliftance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to feize and detain any unknown Perfon or Perfons who fhall commit any fuch Offeoce or Offences, and take, him, her, or them before any Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, or near to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall be committed, and fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons fo

offending

47* GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 16.

offending to give Security for his or their Appearance, at the next Petty Sefiion ro be holden within and for the County, City, or Diftrictin which fuch Offence or Offences lhall have been committed, to anfwer the faid Complaint, and the Juftices prefent at fuch Petty Seffionj or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the faid Complaint in a fummary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Juftice before whom he, (he* or they lhall be firft taken, or by the Juftices at fuch Petty Seflion as aforefaid, it lhall be lawful for the faid Juftice of Juftices refpectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or Houfc of Correct tion of the fame County, City, Riding, or Diftrict, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unlefs he, Ihc, or they lhall fooncr pay the rcfpective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Colts and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment,

location XVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Money lhall be agreed °mpen- or aWarded to be paid for any MelTuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, exceed. Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed, by virtue of the 2001. Powers of the faid recited Act and this Ait, for the Purpofes thereof* which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid recited Act particularly mentioned, fuch Money lhall in cafe the fame lhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancer/, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Act and this Act, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difchatge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affecting th<? fame Mefiuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands,Tenements, orHereditaments, or affecting other MelTuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,Handing, fettled therewith to the fame or the likeUfes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other MelTuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the MelTuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exifting; undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the faid Money lhall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe ot Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities lhall

from

321

47°GEOPv.GII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 16.

'Yom Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Pcrfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents,

] flues, and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if anv Money. If under fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Mefiuages, Cottages, Gardens,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpoles aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon

or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, ihall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and Ihall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in any fuch Cafe the fame Ihall at the Option of the Perfon or Pctfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, C< mmittee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Piivity of the faid Accountant General ol the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to Ins Account as aforefa;d, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diredted, or other-wife the fame Ihall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trultees t«j be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under che Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and me Dividends ariling thereon, may be applied in Manner hercin-bcforc diredted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diiedtion or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

'

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That where fuch Money jf nndera-*!. fo agreed or awarded to be paid as laft before mentioned, Ihall be Ids than

Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cales the fame Ihall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rentsand Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofcs of the faid recited Acc and this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them Ihall think fir, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of |uch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectivcly.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to i„ c,re of whom any Sum or Sums of Money Ihall be awarded for the Purchafe not making of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue out Titles 5 of the faid recited Act and this Aft, Ihall refufe to accept the fame, or

Ihall not be able to make a good Tide to the Prcmifes, to the Satisfuftion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perlonsto whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money Ihall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found; or if the Perfon or Pcrlons entitled to fuch or, if Per-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then fons cannot and in every luck Caie, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truf- p J™an(d’ tees, or any Five or more ot them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Monty be Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the paid into the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ofthe Court olChan- Bank-eery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties iuterclied in {Lee. tffVr.]	AM	v;	the

322

47° GEORGII III. SeC 2. Cap. 16.

the faid Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments, \defcribing them,"] fubjeftto Ssbjefl to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which, th! Court of ^ourt Chancery; on the Application ofany Ferfon or Perfons mak-Chancery,	ing Claim to fuch Sam or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion

on Motion	or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Pro-

or Petition, ceeding or otherwife, as to the faid Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invcfled in the Public Funds, and to order Diftri-bution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the re-fpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable ( and the Ca(hieror Cafliiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Queftion fhall arife, touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for thePurchafe'of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaled in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perlons who (hall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poflefiion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Poflefiion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenenicnts, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That where, by reafon of any Dilability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons,or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under

Expeoces of the Authority of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, the Purchafe Money Purchafes, to for tfoe famc fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and Trufiees^ to be applied in thePurchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-U * ments, to be fettled tothe like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chan* eery to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of the faid Aft and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem realonable to be paid by the faid Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Aft, and this Aft, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direct.

Where any Queftion lhail arife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per-for who (hall be in Poflef-fion of the Xand, &c. at the Time of fuch Purchafe, fhall be deemed entitled thereunto according to fuch Pcffef-fion, unlefs, fcc.

The Court of Cliancciy may order

reafonable

XXIV. And

47°GEORGII III. Sefl. a. Cap. 16.	323

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That all the Colts, Charges, and Ex- Exp.-ncei 0f pences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling this Aft (hall Ii,e Att. immediately after the pading thereof be paid and difeharged by the Truf-

tees for putting the faid recited Adt and this Adt in execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arifen by virtue of the faid recited Adt, or out of the firft Monies which (hall arife by virtue thereof and of this Act, upon the faid Chejler Diftrict of the faid Roads, or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof refpectively, and in Preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the feveral and Compelling refpective Perfons who have lubferibed or lhall or may fubfcribe any Sub’cribsn Money for or towards the making or repairing the faid new or additional g’£?cyrjheir Road by this Adt authorized to be made, lhall and they are hereby required ti0gC>P' to pay the rcfpediive Sums of Money fo fubferibed or to be fub-

l'cribed, within luch Time or Times, and in fuch Parts and Proportions as the faid Trultees or any Five or more of them lhall order or diredt j and the fame lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Trultees for the Time being j and if any Perlon or Perfons fliall negledt or refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, as aforefaid, it fliall be lawful for the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, to fue for and recover the fame in the Name of the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, in any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record, by Adtion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eflbign, Protedtion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance lhall be allowed.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted. That this Adt lhall be deemed and Public AS. taken to be a Public Act, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as

fuch by all Judges, Jultices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Term granted by the Termoftb* faid recited Act lbali upon the palling hereof ceafe and determine, and Aa-

that the faid Act(fubject to the Alterations herein-before mentioned) and this Acc lhail from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Selhon of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majdty. 1807.

t • C.

,f r\



,ii .C P ? / - H O-f,, ?;;*

•	■	:i- V 1 ^ . '	-	.wjrvi ■ .

■ *g..

*	•	•	.	'	,• ■ W

’ J0&G	_y*

•	>	or:	..iV . .. n^vr &J%	*,	• ■' ?

" “v^.q.	*	«**	•	-	v	;	>;jr*	’x.	>	.

ri'i l!;jf i	«•;	.■	.	:-y~-w ’ ; ‘2s:

•	•■» • ' ■ _. .	•*• • .....i ♦'•-isaf

j :•	W- I.-,	.	•>1 .	. •	.





«•	•»•<>	-	j	-i	«	n.	■	*	■;	>	f	j	•	V

if- V 11 '	•	t	■]	to	:l	<	•:	1)	i	I	r	•	t{	t>*

■

• b*i > ~

• </*H>

di ims't

*•»• t <sq i.-liU-'.wi ..»«• «?um -I

•mV /	'	i	f

ii.ii t. ■'ion n

/ T ■ >*t*i n«xy.

,.i3. t

iWk-0 V Mi -ji :! JJit‘1-/ Si . *

\u tU '	v*' j ijV> lifc ^	.	J	. . i

,	.	it.:	•	:	' ■<.’	;	»	.•	...	:

t. . .i:	..	“	.	■	r	io	n

;	(	j	•	•	-v;m.	> ..'•	•	>i in

■	•	1	'	:	■	•	•	-	/	i.	...................

■	.	.	I	V	f	S	.	.-rfi	1	.	2:	v i. ■	<

*’■	*.	v'1	'	■	' i	*J	**■'-	t‘-	'	•’	.	._>*	..	1

, . •	{	>**	*•»	•*/*■	1 * r '	?*•»» ** *1 >	'	' " \ ,,w V X

auiy Vr* rri tiffin >»-.■<	••	.<*>

4v W '

' . :

1- ~1"

I * i »m

,■ ?	;	,.-«••	iv.	.	...	4	.•	ia rfp*y«..» »• i .

3r.e«a!

’

■	•	-	-	.VTi	..

. . .

i*.	**;

-■•••.	• .	•

•44 J.V	•	•

%

v-	'	•:	■■ ■ ' *

•	-[’I	ivi	a

. V.J Zi . T



.& rsri -4* *» **

•-«*: t.9 -s -Vm ««!•

t'

rW ■ r

!l^‘P.3W»-?'*«•' I"..	43.	Af

-

■v 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTlMO

I	fll“t3 I S,Il » 'HfTU ,VHi -,T '• '**	V^ .

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

*****************♦*********♦************#********%*»

CaP- 17-

An A£t for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an A£t, pafled in the Twenty-hxth Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Flookerfbrook Bridge, in the Townfhip of Newton, near Chefler, to the South End of TVilderjfool Can few ay, and from Frodfh :m to A film Lane End, in the County of Chejler, fo far as relates to the Frodpam DiftriEl of the fame Road.	•	[25th Juty 1807.]

WHEREAS by an- Aft made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the

Keign of His prefent Majeity, intituled, An Aft for amending, 26 G.g, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Flookerfbrook’c-Bridge within the Townfhip ij/’Newion, near Chefler, to ile South End of Wilderpool Caufeway, and from., the Market Town .,f Frodfham to A fir on Lat e End, in the Townfhip of Afhton, in the County of Chefler, feveral Tolls, Duties, and Powers were granted for repairing and widen* ing the refpeftive D.Uriels or Divifions of the fa id Road in the faid Aft mentioned; and it was thereby enacted, that fuch Part of the Roads in. the faid Aft comprifed as lies between Flookerfbrook B idge aforefaid, and the Market-Houfe within the Town of Frodfh3m, and between ihe faid Market-Houfe in the Town ci F’-odJbam, and Afhton L ane End afore* faid, ihould be called the Chefler Diftrift or i.miion of the faid Roads, and iuen Part of the faid Roads as lies be ween the faid Market-Houfe in Frodjham and a certain Sign or Place called the Saracen’s Head, near [Lot. if Per.]	4	iV	the

3^6

Truftees for the Frodiham Diftrift have proceeded in Execution of the Ait of *6 G. 3.

That it will be eipedient to feparate the Two Dif-trifts.

Tertn further continued.

The Power* of thit Aft fubftituted in lieu of thofe of the former Aft; and this Aft and the Tolls granted made liable to the old Debt.

47a GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.iji-

the South End of-the faid Gaufe^ay called Wiiderfpooi Caufeway. in the Townfcip of Appleton, fhould be called the Frodjham Diftrid or Divifion of,the faid Roads: And whereas the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the before-mentioned Ad for the faid FrodJJjpm Diftrid have proceed-* ed to put the fame into Executions and have borrowed confiderable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties arifing from the faid Frodjham Diftrid of the faid Road, and the faid Sums of Money ftill remain due, and by reafon of the Length of the Road within the faid Frodjham Diftrid, and the Expence of procuring Materials proper tor the Repair diereof, the faid feveral Sums, and the Intereft thereon, cannot be repaid, and the fame Frodjham Diftrid of the faid Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted by the fad Ad be further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions in the faid Ad contained be altered and enlarged ; and it is neceffary that the Tolls granted Ihould be repealed and others granted in lieu thereof : And whereas it is expedient, and would be more convenient to the Public, if the faid Two Diftrids of the Roads comprifed in the faid Ad were feparated, and made diftind from each other : May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of ihe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Term of the faid Ad, palled in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fhall be and the fame is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, and that inftead of the Rates ^ Power*, Provifions* Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the laid recited Ad, pafl'ed in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prelent, Majefty, as far as the fame relate to or concern the Frodjham Diftrid of the faid Road, the Rates, Powers, Provifions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in thid Ad contained, fhail from and after the Time hereafter limited for the Commencement of this Ad, be executed and continue in Force until the Expiration of the faid further Term hereby granted for the Purpoffe of amending, widening, and keep, ing in Repair the Road comprifed in - ihtl'rodjham Diftrid of the Roads mentioned in the faid recited Ad and this Ad, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, and alfo the Remainder of the faid former Term, fhall be and are hereby made fubjed to the Payment of all the Monies now due and owing from the faid Frodjham Diftrid, upon the Credit of or on Account of the faid Ad of the Twenty-fixth Year of Iiis Majefty’s Reign, and the Intereft due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Money had been borrowed upon the Credit or on Account of this Ad.

Truffee*.	II.	And	be	it further enaded. That James Adam, William Aniwis

Francis AJhley, Daniel Ajhley, Nicholas AJhton, John Ajhion, Thomas Banner, Allen Beckett, John Blackburns, John Ireland Blackburns, Thomas. Blackburns Clerk, lfaac Blackburns, James Boltsn, John Arthur Borron, (large Bovcr, Robert HalJone BradJha-uj, Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, Thomas Brooke, Thoma.< Langjcrd Brooke, Henry Byrom, James Canley ~Clcrk, Sir John Chet-ueode Baronet, Thomas Cbolmondeley, Thomas Claughion, Sir Robert Salijbury Cotton Baronet, Sir Tq/ier CuuljJ/e Baronet, Davies Davenport, Samuel Dodd, Peter Dutton, George Eaton, Wilbraham Egerton,. Witham Eyres the younger, Thomas Farrail, Samuel. GaJieU, Samuel Gajkell the younger, Hclbrook Gajkdl, Jtogsr GajleU, il. .1 i’jjsrn	William

S2?

4.7® GEORG 11 III' SeffTz. Wfui/,

William Geddies, Jobh Clegg, Edward Green all, Edward Grime. Clerk,

Richard Gewillym, Peter Haljlcad Clerk,: George Heron Clerk, Peter Heron,

William Hurjl, Roger JatJ'on, Matthew: Knowles, Thomas . Lee, Jafeph.

Lee, George John Legh, Fgerton Leigh, Sir John Fleming Z^yrr/hfr.Bamuety George Leyajier, Ralph Leyecjicr, Hugh .lsycefter, ilj'wald Leycejter.

Clerk, John Litton, Edward. Lloyd .Clerk, Thomas Lyon,. Sir Henry Maimcaring Baronet, Thomas Main-waring, Thomas Qrfard,. John Qrred,

William. Green Orrett, JrJ'epb Parr, Peter Patten, Thomas PeatcckT Thomas Pemberton Doftor of Phyfic, John Pickmore,,Henry. Picketing;

Charles Potts, Henry Potts, Robert Rawftornt Clerk, John Sedge-wick,

James Sedge-wick, Richard Sherratt, Thomas Shift, William Smith;

Benjamin Sothern, John Stanton, James Stanton, James Starkic, Jobs Stephens, John Stubs, Thomas Tatton, Thomas Taylor, Majfey Taylor,

Trajf'ord Trafford, Thovuss Turner, Edward Turner, Richard Turner,.

Sir Peter Warburton Baronet, Janus Watt, John Watkins, • John Weft-, brook, George Whitley, William Whitley, John Wilbraham, Randle.Wi/bra* ham, Thomas Wilbraham, William Wright, John Tates, Thomas Brock.

Tates, together with fuch Number of Truftees, not exceeding Twelve,, as the faid feveral Perfons laft before named, or any "Five or more of them, lhall at their firlt Meeting herein-after mentioned nominate and appoint, and their Succeifors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, lhall be and are hereby appointed Truftees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Frodjlsam Diftrift of the faid Roads, said for carrying this Aft into Execution with refpeft to the fame Diftrift. : t ,

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees for the faid j^oet;ns,, yf Frodjham Diftrift, of any Five or more of them, lhall meet together at Tnifte*”. V'T the Houfe of James Harrifon, known by the Sign of the Saracen’s Head, at Wilder/pool aforefaid, on the Third Tuefday next after the palling of this Aft, for putting all the Powers of this Aft into Execution, in relation to that Part of the faid Roads hereby intended to be repaired and widened by virtue of the Provifions of this Aft, which lies within the faid	-

Frodjham Diftrift, at which Time and Place the faid Truftees lhall pro cced to the Execution of this Aft, and adjourn themfelves from Time to i	ij

to Time, and afterwards meet at the faid Place, or at any. other Place .or jvu fc: Places as they the faid Truftees attending the faid Meetings, or any Five or more of them, lhall think mod convenient, and as often as it lhall be lieceiiary for putting this Aft into Execution within the faid Frodjham Diftrift ; and if it lhall happen that there lhall not appear at any Meetingyo or at any adjourned Meeting, a fufficient Number of Truftees to aft.and. to adjourn to another Day, the Clerk or Clerks to the Truftees within the fame Diftrift lhall by public Notice in Writing, to be affixed on One or Ten Days more of the Turnpikes erefted or to be erected within the fame Diftrift, Notice to be and to be alfo advertifed in the Chejler Courant or Chejler Chronicle, or in fome other Newipaper or Newfpapers to be publilhed within the City oflings/' CC" Chejler, at leaft Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint luch Truftees to meet at the Place where the laft Meeting was appointed to be held, and. and io from Time to Time as often as Occalion lhall req'uife ; and that the' faid Truftees at all their Meetings lhall defray their own>£xpences. •	'\\	.l0wn	Dx-**

•	,	' • •	Y	v	•	pences,

Iv. And be it further enafted. That all Orders and Determinations of the Truftees in the Execution of this Aft.lhall be mace- at the Meetings to Orders to b» be held in purfuance thereof, and not etherwife, (except in Cafes hereby particularly provided for) and that no Order or Determination lhall be ‘Majority to

mad* con<w-

328	47a<^EORGli	TIL	Sett*.	2.

'IhadS* u.dcfs tlicr* j:>r Fart oF°t$e Irafcees prefent /T.ai' con.ui therein; General Qao- and that ill Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to ths Ad which are rum of Ti ut- , directed, to be. d»ns;,. made, qudby or befinreMiv faid i r ulkts, {hail .and tee**'	maybe	done,	hiade, or had bv .or i'dorc any Tiuee or more, of tho/aid

Truftees, except where any oilier is umber is herein tuned * an,, that all juch Ads, Orders, or Proceeding;; done, maiLe^ or bad. by or before fuch L"lh-ee Iruftees ftoli have tae iime ioree and Efflct as. if the lime were ,d"iie, made, or had by or before the w.iole -Number of the Truftees, Orders not to and jhat no Order made by Three or more Truftees ftial! be revoked, le-be revoked .pe.dt.l, or it afide 'by any fuifcquent .Order oTthe Trnftees, unlef* at a but by •Ma-<^ejng ta'be niki,fur that Purpujfe,. of which intended Meeting andtSfe-^Truftce" ^inC htbdatioh Twenty-one Days Notice at leafe (hall be given by the Clerk to the laid Truftees, by affixing the lame on all the Toll-Gates within ,th-a faid FroJJhqm D.ftrid, and unlefsa Majority of the Trultees pr.leiitat fitch Meeting (iuch Majority to coniift of Nine at the lean) iiio.il concur therein.

Meetings on V. And be it' further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Emergencies, faid Tru.iees it fh .11 upon any Emergency be thought neceffary that an earlier ay of Meeting {hail be appointed than the Day to which the Meeting Ihoujd have been adjourned, the Clerk to the faid 'Truftees, by ,an Order in Writing figned by Three or mote of the faid Truft.es, although not aflembled at a Mcctiirg, and mentioning the Time and Place arid. Pu pofe of fuch Meeting, fliall. tgrthwith give Notice thereof in like Manner as is before direded, an4 of the lime and P ace which fliall he ihcntiomd in the Order of the faid Trultees, (iuch Tinie not bang left than Fourteen D .ys after fuch Notice) and all. Proceedings of the i mu.ees at fuch Meeting fliall be as valid a .they wou J have been in cafe the Tm.teeS had met in pu fuance of any Adjournment: Provided always, ilia t no further or other Buflnefs Hull be entered upon or, taken into Coniideration it any iuch Meeting fo to be called upon any Emergency as aforiaid than fuel, as ink11 h..ve been figniiie.l and particularly let forth in tlie Older or Notice for calling fuch Meeting.

o^eerto VI. Andbt it further cnaded, That no Perfon fliall be capable of acting auaiaTruf.f* a Truftee for the Purpofe of carrying tliis Ad into Execution during tee.	fuch	Time as he fliall be in the Office of Treafurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or

Colledor of Tolls lor ur in refped of the Divifton or Diftrid of Reads compriied in this Ad.

Jlt'al:..'	 i

Truftees may Vll. Provided always, and be it enaded. That fuch Truftees as are or tiu»S JU "	be in the Gpmmifiion of the Peace for the faid County ol Cbcjler fhalj

and may ad, neverthelefs, as jullicus for the more fpeedy and efre&ual putting in Execution the feveial Powers hereby given.

Entriet to be made of Proceedings.

Vllf. Provided alfo, and it i- hereby enaded. That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truftees fliall be entered in a Book or liuoks to be kept for that Purpofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings id entered and ftgned by the Clerk or Clerks to, the faid Trultees at any' Meediigjhaf b? deemed and taken to be* original Orders as if the lime were und r tnc Hands and Seals of the faid Truftees, v.-aich laid Book or Books, and ado the Books direded to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Afligfo moots hcrein-after mentioned^ Hull and.may ,be read in Evidence in nil

............. ok y.v.T .-Cafes

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.ij.	329

Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits or Aftions touching any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That as often as any Truflee (hall die, or refufe to aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the furviving or other Truftees from Time to 'I ime to el eft and appoint One other fit Perfon refiding near the faid Roads in the room of fuch Truftee fo deceafed, or refufing to aft, -but Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Election of all fuch new Truftees fhall be fixed on all the Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted by virtue of this Aft within the faid Frodjham Difttift, at lead Fourteen Days before the Meeting for fuch Eleftion, and all fuch Perfons as fhall from Time to Time be fo chofen and appointed fhall be joined with fuch furviving or other Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to aft, to all Intents and Purpofes, in as full, large, and ample Manner, as if fuch Perfons had been particularly named in and appointed Truftees by this Aft.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Perfon fhall be capable Qualificatio» of afting as a Truftee in any Cafe in the Execution of this Aft (except of Truftee*. in the fwearing of other Truftees) unlefs at the Time of his afting therein

he (hall have or be feifed of, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and in the aftual Pofftflion, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of bands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fituate, lying, and being, in the County of Che/ler, or in the City of Cbefter, or in that Part of the County of Lancei/ler fituate within Seven Miles of the Market Town of War ringlen, in the faid County of Lane after, or fome or One of them, of the clear Yeaily Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or fhall be pofleffed of Property to the Value of Two thoufand Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of a Perfon fo feifed of an Eftate in Land to be fituate as aforefaid, and of the Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, nor unlefs the Perfon having One hundred Pounds a Y ear, or Property of the Value of Two thoufand Pounds as aforefaid, hath taken or fhall take and fubferibe before fome Two or more of the faid Truftees (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame,) and before he takes upon himfelf to aft in the Trufts and Authorities of this Aft, except as aforef. id, an Oath or Affirmation in the Words, or to the Effeft following,

(that is to fay) ;

' T B. do fwear, [or being One of the People called Quakers, do folemnly 0ath-'	affirm] That I truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or, in the

‘ Right of iny Wife] feifed and in the aftual Poffeffion and Enjoyment ‘ ot Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-‘ ments, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Re-‘ prizes, or [as the Cafe fhall require\ pofleffed of or entitled unto Property * to the Amount or Value of Two thoufand Pounds.

‘ So help me GOD.’

And if any Perfon hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to aft fhall neverthekfs prefume to aft in the Trufts aforefaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered, with full Cofts of Suit, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmmfter, or In the Court of Sctfion for the County Palatine of Chefter, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoig-n, Pro-flw.&fiV.]	4 0	teftion,

Appointment of new Truf-te«.

3jo	470	GEORG11 III. SeO. Cap.ij.

teftion, or Wager cf Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed,

and everyT?erfon fo profecured fhall prove that he is fo qualified as aforefaid, or otherwifc fhall pay the faid Sum of One hundred Pounds without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Profecutor than that fuch Perfon

hath acted as a Triiftee in the Execution of this Aft.

Truftees may XI. And be it further enacted. That the faid Truflees may appoint fuch appoint Of- Clerk or Clerks, Treauirer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector ficers. or Collectors of the Tells hereby granted, and Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers within the fame Diftrift, and for the Purpofes of this Act, as they fhall think proper ; and that the faid Truftees at a Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpole (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice fhall be given in Writing affixed upon One er more of the Turnpikes erected or to be creeled upon the laid Frodjham Diftrift) may by any Writing or Writings under their refpeftive Hands and Seals, from Time to’ 1 ime remove fuch Clerks, Treafurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers as they fhall fee Occafion, and in like Manner 'hold	aPP°*at ')eW Officers in Cafes, of Death or fuch Removal: Provided always,

Places of	that no Perfon fhall be capable of holding, any Place of Profit under the

Profit.	faid Truflees who fhall fell any Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by

Enabling	Retail, or who fhall be a menial Servant to any Truftee : Provided always,

Truftees to	that as often as any Collector of the faid Tolls fhall die, or be incapable

appoint tem-	of performing his Duty, it fhall and may be lawful for any Five or more

ledfors ^°!~	kud	Ti	uftees, though not affe/nbled at a Meeting in purfuance of

this Aft, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any other Pei ton to colleft fuch Tolls, andi the Perfon fo appointed fhall have the fame Authority for the Recovery thereof as the Perfon he fhall fucceed was ve ed with, until the Truflees fhall at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Aft appoint a Collector of fuch Foils.

Tiuftefs r.a Xfl. And be it further enafted, That out of the Money arifing by allow Salaries v‘rtue °f this# Act, fuch Salaries, Allowances, and Compenfations thall be to Officers, made to all fuch Officers and Perfoiis as fhall be affifting in and about the Execution of this Aft as to the faid Truftees fhall feem reafonable ; and all fuch Officers and Perfons fhall under their Hands, at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Truflees fhall direft, deliver to fuch Truftees, or as thi y fhall appoint, true and perfeft Accounts in Writing of all the Monies which fhall have been by fuch Officers and Officers to	Perfons refpeclively received by virtue of this Aft, and how much thereof

account.	Hath been paid and difhuried, and for what Purpofes, together with the

proper Votichers for fuch Payments, and fhall pay all fuch Monies as fhall remain in their refpeftive I lands to fuch Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint ; and all the Laid Officers and Perfons fo accounting as aforefaid fhall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the faid Truftees, or any One or more of their, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by virtue of this Aft, (which Oath the laid Truftees or any One or more of them is or are hereby empowered to adminifter) verify their faid Accounts, and if any fuch Officer or Perfon fhall not make and render or fhall refufe to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or fhall not deliver to the laid Truftees within Twenty-one Days after being thereunto required by the laid Truflea&palhthe Books, Papers, and Writings in the Cullody or Pc ver of fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid.

33r

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 17.

raid, relating to the Execution of this A£l, in each, any, or either of the faid Cafes, any One or more of the Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Officer or Perfon (had be or refide, ffiall make Inquiry concerning fuch Default, either by Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witnefies upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juflice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without any Fee or Reward) and if any fuch Officers or Perfons fhall be convifled of any or either of the Offences aforefaid, fuch Juflice or Juftices ffiall commit every fuch Offender to the common Gaol for fuch County cr Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprife, until fuch Officer or Perfon ffiall give and make a true and perfect Account as aforefaid, or until fuch Officer or Perfon (hall have compounded w'ith fuch Truflees, and ffiall have paid fuch Compolition in fuch Manner as they ffiall appoint, (which Compofition fuch Truflees are hereby empowered to make) or undl fuch Officer or Perfon ffiall have delivered up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or given Satisfaction in refpeft thereof to the faid Truflees.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treafurer or Trea-furers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Colledlors, to be appointed as aforefaid, ffiall, before he or they enter upon the faid Office, give fuch Security for the due Execution thereof to the faid Truflees, as to the faid Truflees ffiall feem meet; which Security the faid Truflees are required to take, and fuch Security ffiall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace tor the faid County of Chcjier.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truflees ffiall hold One Annual Meeting at fome Public Houfe in the Town of Frodjham, or at Prejlon on the Hill, Darejhury, or Wilder [tool, in the faid County of Cbcjler, upon the firfl Tuefday in July in every Year, which Meeting ffiall be called The General Annual Meeting of the Truflees, the Firfl of fuch Meetings to be held at the Sign of the Saracen's Head, at Wilderfpool aforefaid, and every fucceeding Meeting ffiall be held there unlefs fome other Place for the fame Meeting fhall have been appointed at the preceding Meeting, and entered in the Book of Proceedings of fuch General Meeting ; and at every fuch Meeting it ffiall be lawful for the faid Truflees to audit the Annual Accounts of the Clerk, Treafurer, Surveyor, and Collector of Tolls, employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies belonging to the Road within the faid Frodjham Diflricl, and to examine any fuch Clerk, Treafurer, Surveyor, or Collector, relating to his Accounts, upon Oath, (which Oath the laid Truflees or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to adminifter) and then, and there to pafs fuch Accounts, or fo much thereof as they fhall think proper, and to choofe new 1 ruflees in the Room of fuch as ffiall be dead, or have refufed to a£t in

.Manner hcrein-beforc mentioned, and to do fuch other Matters and Things in the Bufinefs of the Truft as ffiall at any fuch Meeting occur.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the faid Truflees at their firft or at any General Annual Meeting, to app, int a Committee of Truflees, if they ffiall think fit, to tnfpecl. examine, and fuperintend all the Accounts belonging to the faid Truft, and alfo the Application of the Money to be expended under the

•	Direftion of the faid Truflees, which Committee or any Three or more of

•	them

Treafurer, &c. to give

Security.

AnnualMeet-ings of the Truftees to be held for au iting the Accounts.

Truftees may

appoint Committees for examining Accounts.

33?	47°	GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 17.

them, (hall meet as often as they (hall think fit, and fuch Committees fhall nave full Power to call for all Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, and to re. quire the proper Officers to appear before them as often as they (hall think proper, giving fuch Officers Seven Days Notice of the Time and Place of their Meeting; and the faid Committee (hall report their Proceedings and Obfervations at every General Annual Meeting of the Truftees, and if fuch Committee (hall be appointed the faid Accounts (hall not be called for, examined, o infpecledat any other Meeting of the Truftees than at fuch Meetings of the Committee, and at fuch General Annual Meeting as afore, faid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding,

Tmftees may	XVI. And be it further enaQed, That the Truftees for putting this Aft

cre£t Turn- in Execution (hall and may continue or caufe to be erected, fet up, and pikes.	provided,	One	or	more	Toll-gate	or	Toll-gates,	Turnpike	or	Turnpikes,

Toll-houfe or Toll-houfcs in, upon, or acrofs any Part of the faid Road between the North-Eaft Boundary of the Townfttip of Acton Grange, and the Village of Prejlon on the Hill, in the faid County of Chejler, as to the faid Truftees (hall feem moft reafonable and convenient; and alfo fuch Toll-gates or Turnpikes and Toll-houfes at or near the Sides of the faid Roads, acrofs any Lanes or Ways leading out of the fame, not exceeding One thoufand two hundred Yards from the Sides of the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees (hall think proper and convenient, fave only that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid Truftees to ereft any Turnpike or Gate over or acrofs any Part of the Road between the Market-houfe in Frodjham aforefaid, and the prefent Bridge over the late Duke of Bridgewater’s Canal at Prejlon on the Hill aforefaid, or over or acrofs any Road or Way on the Sides of the faid laft mentioned Road.

Vetting Turnpikes and Toll-Houfes in Truftees.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the Property of all the faid Turnpikes, Toll-houfes, and Gates erected or to be erected as aforefaid, and of the Materials for building the fame, and for repairing the faid Roads, (hall be vefted in the faid Truftees, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, or to prefer Bills of Indictment againft any Perfon or Perfons who (hall difturb them in the Poffeffion thereof.

Granting XVIII. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That the feveral Tolls herein-new Tofts. after mentioned (hall be demanded and taken by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees (hall from Time to Time appoint to receive the fame at the feveral and refpective Turnpikes and Toll-gates herein-before mentioned, before any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame; (that is to fay).

Tolls.	For	every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any

Coach, Barouche, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaife, Curricle, Caravan, Chair, Calafh, or other Carriage, Hearfe, or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beall, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, Tumbril, or other fuch like Carriage, the Sum of Five-pence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, laden or unladen, ar.d not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For

3:3

4.7* GEOR011 U\. 'C' i ;■ 17.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum <if Ten* pence perScore, and lb in proportion for- any greater or L-fs Number t

For every Drove of Calves, -Hogs, Sheep, or-Lambs*.the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo iu proportion for arty-.great** cy lalb'Numbfft

Which faid feverat and refpcftive Sums of Money fjiajf be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and if any Perl'on or Perfons fubjeiff to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fliall after Demand thereof made, negleft or refufe to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it fhall-and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid for collectingi'uch Tolls, to feize and diftrain any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead upon which anv : fuch Toll is by this Att impofed, or any of the Goods and Chattels offiren Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing to pay the fame, and if iuch Toll, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Diftrcfs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, fhall not be paid within Twelve Days next after fuch Seizure andDidrefs made, the Period or Perfons fo, dillrairiing fhall and may fell the Horfe, Cattle, Bead, Goods, and Chattels fo didrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand tq the Owner thereof, after fuch Toll and all reafonable Charges fliall be deduced, and that all the Tolls cqllefted or levied or to be collected or levied by virtue of this ACt fliall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Trultees for putting this Act jn Execution, and fliall be applied or may be afiigned in fuch Manner as hereinafter mentioned : Provided always, that no 'lolls fliall be taken in refp^ct No Tolls for of any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage which fliall only crofs the laid 01'*y eroding Roads, or which fliall nofpafs mole than One hundred Yards thereon. the RoaiJs-

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Horfe, Mafe, D;re^in Gelding, Mule, or other Beall, Cattle, or Animal whatfoeyer, fhall be how often fubjeCf to or charged with the Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted. Toll to tw-more than Once in any One Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Paldm a Clock at bfight till Twelve of the Clock in the fueeqeding Night), for palling r' and repalTing any Time or Times through till or anj of the Toll-gate? ior

't urnpikes ereCted pr to be ereCted upon, aero's, or at1 or'near the Sfde of fuch Part of the laid Roads as lies between the faid ToVn of Fredjhcnh ajid Wilder/poel Caufevjay aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the fail* Tru flees may from .Time to Time, as they lhali fee convenient, compound and ^gfee For any Term

not exceeding Two Years at any One Time, with any pJe -fori orT’effdfts, fof Told, for any Hori'es, Cattle, or Beafts, travelling upon am Part cf the faid Roads, for all or any of the faid Tolls to be paid for or in refpcCt of fycli Horfes, Cattle, or Bealls, fo that no fuch Compofttibn fliall be made for any Horfes, Cattle, or Beafts, travelling for Hire, iior for any other Horfes, Catile, or Beafts, without the Confent of the Perlbn-or Perfons who fliall be entitled to Two Thirds at lead of the Money which fliall have been lent on the Credit of the faid Tolls; and all fuch Conipofition Money fliall be paid It early in Advance to the; Treafurer of the faid Frodjham Pilhidt, and in Default thereof the Conipofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default fliall thenceforth be void ; and all fuch Compofition Monies fhall be applied in fuch'Manner as the Tolls in refpedt whereof fuch Compofition is made are herein directed to be applied.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall. Penalty on Wfth any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or other Animal, in relhect of which Toil evading ti-e

[Lee. & Per.]	4 P is ToU. S

334

47° GEORGII III. Sefi*.2. Cap. 17.

is to be paid, pafs through any Land, Ground, Place, or Hereditament, lving near any .of the Turnpikes which fhall be erccJbd by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a pub ic Highway) with Intent to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls ; or if any Owner or Occupier of any fuch Ground, Land, Place, or Hereditament, fhall knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons with any Ilorfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Animal whatsoever, in refpeft of which Toll is to be paid, to pafs through the fame with fuch Intent as aforefaid ; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall forcibly or wilfully pafs through anv fuch Turnpike with any Horfe, or other Cattle, Beaft, or Animal, in refpeft of which Toll is to be paid, without Payment of I’oll, or fhall take oft or caufe to be taken from any Carriage any Horfe or other Cattle, or Beaft, or having paffed through any Turnpike Gate on the faid l'rodjham Diftrift fhall afterwards put an additional Horfe or Beaft to fuch Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part therof, or fhall with fuch Intent unload any Goods from any Carriage liable to be weighed under the Provifions of this Aft, every Perfon fo oifending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; whereof One Moiety fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety fhall be applied in fuch Manner as Forfeitures and Penalties are herein-after direfted to be applied.

Exemptions XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll fhall be from Tolls, taken for any Carriage, Horfe, Cattie, or Beaft, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Sand. Gravel, Stone, Bricks, Timber, Wood, or other Materials for repairing the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, or any of the Highways in the Townfhips in which fuch Roads lie, or any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw', Potatoes, or other Produce of Land not bought, fold, or difpofed of, but paffing to be laid up in the Out-houfes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from earn ing or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Marie, Compoft, Grey Salt, or other Manure of any Nature or Kind whatloever, or Lime, to be employed in Hufbandry only, or for manuring or improving of Gardens or Lands, or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or from Palture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fhoed, or for any Horfeorother Cattle going to or from any Mills fituate within the Diftance of Four Miles from the faid Road in the faid Fradjham Diftrift, with or for any Corn, Grain, Malt, or Flour, for the Owners own Ufe and Confumption in his own Dwelling houfe and not for Sale, and not exceeding One Horfe or Beaft in one and the fame Day; or for any Horfes or other Cattle employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Paffes, or from any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worfhip tolerated by Law, on any Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes or Townfhips wherein the faid Roads lie ; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day

on

/

47° GEOR.GII III. SdT. 2. Cap. 17.	.	33	5

on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or foi any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Deferiptiori, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majedy’s Pollmaiter General, cither when employed in fetching, conveying, or guarding fucb Mails or l.xpretL's, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horie, Lead, Cattle, or Carnage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or re' urning from the Place appointed for and on the Days ol'Excrcife: Provided always, that fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations pro. vided for fuch Corps respectively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid; or for any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Perfon going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, Citizen or Citizens, to llrve in Parliamettt for the County Palatine of Chejler, or for the City of Cbcfier, or for the County Palatine of Lancejler, during the l ime of futli Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election (hall begin aud be concluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fliall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, fuch Perfon lhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Half whereof lhall go to the Informer, and the other Half lhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Dif- D;fpUtrs con. pute lhall happen about the Amount of Toll due or the Charge of keep- ceming Tolls ing any Diftrels, it lhall be lawful for tae Colledcr or Perfon didraining, ho"'to be to retain the fame or the Monty aridng from the Sale thereof (as the f"eu'cJ'

Cafe may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and Charges of ieizing, didraining, keeping, and felling (as the Cafe lhall happen) lhall be afeertained by One or more Judice or Judices for the County of Cbejlcr, who, upon Applicadon made to him or them for that Purpofe, lhall examine the faid Matter on Oath of the Parlies, or other Witnefs or Wttneffes, and determine the Amount of the Toll due, and alfo alfefs the Charges of fuch Seizure, Didrefs, Keeping, and Sale, and a'fo of the Colledor's Attendance for that Purpofe on the faid Judice or Judices; all which Sums fo determined or addled lhall be paid to the laid Collector or other Perfon before he lhall be obliged to return the Didrefs, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, ColJ _

or Litigadon lhall arife touching or in any wife relating to the faid Tolls" &c° Tolls, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the lame, or any competent other Perfon or Perfons a fling by or under the Authority of the faid Witneffes. Truflees, lhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute,

Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being appointed to colled fuch Tolls, or by reafon of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the faid Trudees.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Farmer, Renter, or Penalties on Collcw.or of any of the faid Tolls, fliall demand and take or caufe to Colle&ors

be taking great-ei or leis

33<>

Tolls than allowed.

No Exemption for Carriages with narrow Wheels, tic.

Carriages may be weighed at Weighing-Engine at Erodfham Bridges, and at other Weighing Engines.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 17.

be demanded and taken from any Perfon or Perfons any Toll not hereby authorized to be taken, or a greater or left; loll than fo authorized, fuch Fanner or Renter (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and alio his Contract for renting the 1’olls, if the faid Truftees (hail think fit to vacate the fame, and every fuch Col-lector not being the Farmer or Renter, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, fuch Forfeitures refpec-tively to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that if the Juftice by or before whom the Matter of Complaint (hail be heard, (hall be of Opinion that the Offender had probable Grounds for fuch Demand and Taking, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice either to mitigate the faid refpe&ive Penaldes, or wholly to exonerate the Offender therefrom, as fuch Juftice (hall think fit; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftauding.

XXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That no Perfon (hall have or claim any Benefit or Exemption from Toll for or in refpedt of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage having a Wheel or Wheels of left Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, or having a Wheel or Wheels the Tire of which (hall not lie flat, or fo as not to deviate more than a Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or having a Wheel or Wheels without Nails counter-funk, or other Contrivance, fo that the Nails or Faftenings of the Wheel or Wheels may not rife above the Surface, or for or in refpeft of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage which together with the Loading thereof (hall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prel'ent Majefty, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the fame Kind refpeftively, and laden with fuch Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Toll thereby impofed; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees to order all fuch Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are directed for the weighing of Carriages by the faid Aft made in the faid Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Truftees for putting this Act into Execution, upon making an Agreement with the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Weighing-Engine now erefted and made at or near Frodjham Bridge, to caufe to be weighed at fuch Weighing Machine all or any Carts and Carriages palling on or over the Turnpike Road adjoining to fuch Weighing-Engine, and alfo to caufe the fame to be weighed at any Weighing Machine or Machines now erefted or to be eretted by the faid Truftees on any Part of the Road within the faid F/odJham Difcrici ; and it lhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons employed by the faid Truftees at any of fuch Weighing-Engines refpecrively, to caufe any Carriage liable to be weighed as aforefaid, which may have palled by any of fuch Weighing-Engines refpecrively, to any Diftance not exceeding Three hundred Yards from the fame, and which there may be any reafon (o fufpect is Over-weighted to return to any of fuch Weighing-Engines refpecrively, to be weighed with the Loading, upon requiring the Driver thereof to drive fuch Carriage back to any of fuch Weighing-Engines refpecrively, and upon paying or tendering to him the bum of One Shilling for fo doing, which Sum of One Shilling (hall be returned to the Perfon

11	paying

33

GEORG 11 III. Sell. 2. Cap.ij.

paying the fame, if upon weighing fuch Carriage and loading the fame fhall be found above the W eight hereby allowed; and if on any Cart or Carriage being weighed at any of fuch Weighing-Engines relpeftively, it (hall appear that fuch Cart or Carriage is loaded with a greater Weight than is allowed by Law, it fnall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons employed by the faid Truftees for the weighing of l'uch Carts or Carriages to demand the additional Toll or Duty incurred under any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force by reafenoi fuch Over-weight from the Tobereco-Perfon driving fuch Carriage, and to enforce the Payment of fuch addi- j«red as tional Toll or Duty, by the fame Means as the Payment of the Tolls 0 * impofed by this Aft may be recover d or enforced.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafh d, That the faid Truftees at any Truftees may Meeting or Meetings to he holden h r that Purpofe, whereof Twenty borrow Mo-Days Notice fliall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon One or more ney‘ of the Turnpikes in the faid Frodjham Diftrift, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Inftrament under their Hands and Seals, to affign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be colkfted and levied within fuch Diftrift, and alfo the Toll-houfes and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, (the Charges of affigning or mortgaging the fame to be paid out of fuch Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Aft, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed by the faid Truftees upon the Credit of fuch Tolls, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his, her, or their Truftee or Truftees, who fhall advance and lend the fame, to fecure the Repayment thereof, with fuch Intereft, not exceeding legal Intereft, as the faid Truftees fliall think proper; which faid Money lb to be borrowed fhall be applied and difpofed of in fuch Manner, and according to fuch Proportions refpeftively, as the lolls to arife or be collefted at the faid Turnpike are hereby intended to be applied and difpofed of, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever; and that fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, Aflignment or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or fuch other Form as the Truftees making the fame fhall think proper :

‘ T2 Y virtue and in purfuance of an Aft made in the Forty-feventn Form of

*	Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, Mortgage.

‘ \Jnfert the Title of the AEF\ and in Confideration of the Sum of

‘	to	A. B. the Treafurer appointed by the Truftees

*	for putting the faid Aft into Execution, having been this Day paid bv

« C. D. of	;

‘ We whofe Flands and Seals are hereunto fubferibed, being

*	of	the	faid	Truftees, do grant and affign unto the faid

‘ C. D. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, fuch Proportion of ‘ the Tolls arifmg upon the faid Frodjham Diftrift, and of the Turnpikes ‘ and Toll Houfes for collefting the Money, as the faid Sum of

*	doth	or	fliall bear to the whole Sum due and owing,

‘ which from Time to Time fliall be due and owing on the Credit of the fame Tolls arifing on the fame Diftrift for the Term of

‘ this Aft, to have, hold, receive, and take fuch Proportion of the ‘ faid Tolls, Toll-Houfes, and Premifes, with the Appurtenances, unto ‘ c^e fa'd C. D. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for the ' Refidue and Remainder now to come of the Term of [Loc. & Per.]	4	Q

for

33^	47°	G E O R G11 III. Seff.2.	Cap. 17.

c for which the faid Tolls are granted by the faid Ad, fubjed to the ‘ Provife following, (that is to fay): Provided always, that if the faid ‘ Sum of	inall be repaid to the faid C. D.

‘	his Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, together with

*	Intereib for the fame, after the Rate of	per Centum

* per Annum, without any Deductions whatfoever, on or before the 4	Day of	now next enfuing, then this

4	A Alignment fhall be void, or elfe fhall remain in full Force. In Wit-

*	nefs whereof, we have hereunto fet our Hands and Seals this ‘ Day of

And the faid Mortgages or Affignments fhall be good in Law, and the Proportions of each Mortgagee rtfpedively fhall vary from Time to 1 ime according to the Amount of the Sums due on all fuch Mortgages, and fuch Mortgages may be from Time to Time affigned over by any Perfon. or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be refpedively made, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, to any Perfon or Perfo-ns whomfoever, and that all the Mortgages and Affignments fo to be made as aforefaid fhall be entered at Length in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurcrs to the faid Truflees, which faid Book fhall and may be perufed at all feafona-ble Times by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, without Fee or Reward.

Application XXIX. And be it further enafted, That out of the fir ft Money arifing by

of the Morey the Tolls hereby granted, or out of fuch Money as fhall be borrowed upon

borrowed. the Credit thereof, the faid Truflees fhall in the firfl place pay and difeharge all the Expences and Coils of procuring and palling this Aft, and that after Payment, Satisfaction, and Difeharge of the faid Expences and Colls all the Tolls which fhall be collefted or received by virtue of this Aft, and all Money which fhall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, fhall be laid out and applied in anfwering and keeping down the Interefl of the Money borowed and to be borrowed as aforefaid, and which from Time to Time fhall remain due and unpaid, and afterwards in repairing and widening the Frcdjham Diftrift of the faid Roads, and in paying and difeharging all Salaries, Wages, and other Charges and Expences of putting this Aft in Execution.

Tails may be XXX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it lhall and

va ied. may be lawful to and for the faid Truflees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice fhall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that fhall be flanding on the faid Roads in the faid Frodjham Diftrift, from Time to Time to leffen or reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Aft, and alfo any additional Tolls payable by any Aft or Ads of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in fuch Manner as to them fhall feein fit and convenient for and during fuch Time as they the faid Truflees lhall think proper, and afterwards at a Meeting to be holden as aforefaid, from Time to Tim; as they lhall fee Occafion, to advance all or any of the Tolls fo leffened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the feveral Rates granted by this Aft, or now made payable by any A ft or Acts of Parliament now in force and effeft with refpeft to Overweights : Provided neverthelefs, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the faid recited Aft (fo far aa the fame may relate to or in 11	any	wile

.339

47° GEOR GII III. Self. 2. Cap.i7.

anvwlfe concern any of the Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by*this Act) and of this Aft, or either of them, (hall not have been paid or difeharged, the Tolls hereby granted (hall not be lefl'ened or reduced without the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the find recited Aft or of this Aft.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall lie lawful for the laid Tvullees, afTembled at a Meeting or Meetings held for that Purpofe, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands anti Seals, to leafe the Tolls arifing within the faid Fro'Jham Diftrift, or any Part or Parts of fuch Tolls, unto any Perfon or I’erfons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Two Ytars, for the beft Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at fuch Times, and under fuch Covenants and Conditions to determine fuch Leafe of fuch Lelfee, and for reluming the Pofleffion of the Toll-Houle, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they the faid Truftees {hall direft or appoint, and the Monies arifing thereby fhall be applied in fuch Manner as the Tolls to be fo leafed are hereby intended to be applied.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe all or any of the Tolls arifing by virtue of this Aft fhall be demifed or let to farm to any Perfon or Perfons in any Manner whatfoever, and the Leflee or Lcffees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, fhall negleft or refiife to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the fame lhall be fo demifed or let, or in cafe the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by fuch Lelfee or Leflces, Farmer or Farmers fhali be in Arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any one of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid purfuant to the Agreement for demifing or letting thereof; and in cafe the Toll-Houfeor Toll-Houfes fhall be in the PofTeffion of any Collector or Collectors who fhall be removed or difeharged from his or their Office of Colleftor, or fhall depart this Life, then and in either of thofe Cafes the laid Truftees, or their Clerk or Treal'urer, or any other Perfon authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, lhall be at liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter upon and take Pofleffion of any Toll-Houfe or Toll-Houfes, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out fuch Lelfee or Lelfecs, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arifing thereat refpeftively, or fuch Colleftor or Collectors, or other Perfon or I’erfons having the Pofleffion of the faid Toll-Houfe or Toll-Houfes, from the Pofleffion thereof, and from the Colleftion of fuch Tolls; and that thereupon it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, (if they fhall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement (if any) for demifing or letting the faid Tolls to fuch Lelfee or Lelfecs, Fanner or Farmers, and the fame lhall be from that Time utterly void to all Intents and Purpofes (faveas to the Covenants or Agreements for Pay. ment up to that Time of the Rent or Rents thereby referved, or other Covenants or Agreements on the Leffee’s Part which lhall have been broken) as if fuch Demife or Agreement had never been made; and it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees in every fuch Cafe to demife or let to farm the faid Tolls agam to any other Perfon or Perfons, or caufe them to be collefted, as if no former Demife, Contraft, or Agreement had been made relative thereto ; any Rule of Law or Right to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII, And

Truftees may lealc the Tolls.

Enabling the Trufteer to take Pofllef-fion of Toll-houfes. Stc. when let to Farm, or held by Collectors for the Trultee*.

34°

Surveyors may eet Gr: vel.

Penalty on

taking away Materials railed by Surveyors.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances, &c.

470 GEORG 11 III. Seit.2. Cap. if.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be from Time to Time appointed bv the faid Truftees and fuch other Perfons as fhall be employed by fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, is and are hereby empowered to l'earch for, cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, 1 Teath, Stones, Chalk, Flint, Gravel, Sand, or o; her Materials proper for repairing the faid Roads, out of and from any Wafte Grounds, Com-mons, Rivers, Brooks, or Watercourfes in or running through any Parifh, Town, or Place in which any Part of the faid Roads lie, or in or running through any other Parifh, Town, or Place, where the fame can be molt conveniently had or found, without paying any Thing for the fame, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons filling up the Pits, or Hoping the Sides thereof and levelling the Ground from whence fuch Materials fhall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paffengers or Cattle, and alfo by Order of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, made at any Meeting, to fearch for, dig, gather, take and carry away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, upon, er out of, from and over the Stone Quarries and Lands of any Pei fon or Perfons, fo as fuch Lands and Grounds fhall nor on the Day on which the Order fhall be made for fearching for fuch Materials be a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Houfe, or any inclofed Grounds planted orfet apart as a Nurfery for Trees, paying or tendering Payment of fuch Rates for fuch Materials, and alfo for the Damage done to 1'uch private Lands over which any Materials gotten in any Wafte Grounds, Stone Quart ids., Common, River, Brook, or Watered,urfe, or private Grounds fhall be conveyed, as fhall be fettled and afeertained in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon whomfoever fliall take away any Materials which fhall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Ufe of the faid Road, or fhall raife or carry away any Materials out of or otherwile interfere with or obftruft the working of any Pit or Quarry which fhall have been made or opened for the Purpofe of getting Materials for repairing the faid Road in the faid Frodjham Diftriri, before the faid Surveyors or their Workmen fhall have dilcontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which fuch Pit or Quarry fhall be made, as to Materials for his own private Ufe only, and not for Sale) every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall appoint from Time to Time (fuch Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpofe from the faidTruitees) to remove all Annoyances on any Part of the faid Roads, by Filth, Dung, Afhes, Rubbifh, Stiaw, or otherwife, and to convert the fame to his and their own Ufe and Ufes, and to turn any Watercourfe, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or make deeper any Watercourfes or Ditches adjoining thereto, and make the fame as deep and large as he or they fhall think neceffary, and at proper Seafons of the Year to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bufhes growing in the faid Roads, or hanging over the lame, and to take and carry away the fame, ia cafe the Owners or

11	Occupiers

47° GEORG 11 III. Soff.2. Cap. 17.	34*

Occupiers of the Premifes fhall negkft to lop, or top, cut down and remove fuch Trees Shi ubs, or Buihes, or to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or deepen fuch Watercmrfes or Ditches, or remove luch other Annoyances in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall direft or require, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, under the Hand or Hands of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, and the Charges attending fuch Work to be fettled by the faid Trullecs, (hall be reimburfed to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, by fuch Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in luch Manner as the Penalties and forfeitures given and impoled by this Aft are hereinafter direfted to be recovered and applied; and if after removal of the faid Annoyances any Perfon lhall offend again in the like Kind, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fecond or fubfequent Offence forfeit and pay the Expeace of removing fuch Annoyances and any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid £anudfe™*^* Surveyor or Surveyors, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they lhall direft arJd XJraim ; or appoint ffuch Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpole

from the faid Truftees) to make Caufcwajs, and alfo Ditches or Drains, and Arch s and Bridges in or upon, or on the Sides of, th; faid Reals, and alfo through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduft the Water off the faid Roads, and alfo to make a Road through the Grounds adj lining or lying near to any hollow Way or narrow or ruinous Part ot the faid Roads, fuch Grounds refpeftively not being the Grounds whereon any Houfe or other Building Hands, or a Yard, Garden,

Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Houfe, or any inclofed Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees, fuch Yard, Garden, planted Walk, Avenue, or inclofed Grounds, not having been made or planted within the Space of One Year immediately preceding the palling of this .ift, to be made ufe of as a public Highway; and alfo by Order of the faid Truftees to ereft, repair, and keep in an(j ere& Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts Badges; of the faid Road, and acrofs any Stream, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Dra:n therein, or contiguous thereto, making fuch Recompenfe to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds refpeftively for the Damages they fhall or may thereby fullain, as fhall be judged reafonable by the faid Truftees, wherein or in relation whereto fuch Works, Matters, and Things lhall be done or performed, but no Satisfaction lhall be made for doing or performing any of the Works afoiefaid upon or through any Common or Walle Ground.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, 'that the faid Truftees fliall and and turn and are hereby fully empowered to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter the after the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads through any Common or Walle Grounds without making any Satisfaction for the

fame, and alfo to widen any narrow Paths of the faid Roads fo as ,to make the fame Forty Feet in Width, by laying into the fame the Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons lying contiguous thereto; and alfo to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter the Courfe or Path of any othtr Part of the faid Roads, by carrying the fame through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, firft making Satisfaftion to the Owners thereof and Perfons intcrefted therein refpeftively for the Damage they may thereby fuftain, and for that Purpofe it lhall be lawful for fuch Truftees, to contraft and Truftees may agiee with the Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Lands or Heredi- agree with IL°c> & Per.~\	4 R	taments

342

the Owner* of Lands.

Bodies Politick empowered to con-traft with Truftees.

If the Parti-i

difagree, a Jury to enquire into the Damage.

Verdidt of the Jury to be final.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 17.

taments for the Purchafe or Exchange thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage which iuch Owners or Perfons may fuftain by making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads through fuch Lands or Hereditaments ; and it fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees and Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, or Adminiitrators, and all other Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeifois, but alfo for and on Behalf of their Cefti'que Trults, whether Infants or Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and to and for Femes Covert who are or fhall be feifed or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons who are or fhall be feifed, poffelfed of, or interefted in anv fuch Lands or Hereditaments for any particular Eftate on Behalf of themfelves, and all Perfons in Reverfion, Remainder, or Expectancy, or entitled by way of executory Devife or Bequeft to contract with fuch Truftees for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages as aforel'aid, or to exchange with, fell, or convey to the faid Truftees all fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof for the Purpofe aforefaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made, fhall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter whatfoever, to the contrary notwitnftancling ; and all fuch Bodies Politick, Corporate cr Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons, fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue of this Ad ; and if any fuch Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, L xecutors, Adminiftrators, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-Houfe or Houfes, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Poffeffion of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of fuch Roads are intended to be made, widened, diverted, or altered, fhall for the Space of Twenty Days next after fuch Notice given or left, negled or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premife , or by reafon of Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees fhall caufe fuch Damage and Recompenfe to be inquired into and afeertained by a Jury ofTwelve indifferent Men of the County of Chcjler, and in order thereto the faid Truftees are hereby required and empowered, from Time to l ime as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before fuch Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who {hall be thought neceifary and proper to be examined concerning the Premifes, which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are empowered to adminifter; and the faid Truftees fhall, by ordering a View or otherwife, ufe all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the laid Jury’s Information in the Premifes, and after the faid Jury fhall have inquired of and affeffed fuch Damage and Recompence, they the faid Truftees (hall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owner or Owners, or other Perfons interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquifition of fuch Jury, which faid Verdift or Inquifition, or Judgement, Otder, or Determination

343

47'GEORGH III. Self; 2. C4.VJ,

inination thereupon, (hall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpole , againft all Parties or Perfons whomfoever claiming or to claim in Poffeffion, Reverfion, Remainder, Expectancy, or by Way of executory Devife or Bequeft, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succctiors, as well prefent as abfent, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Perfons under any other Difabdity whatfoever. Bodies Politick, I orpo-rate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and for the Purpole of having fuch Jurors fummoned and returned the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to iflue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County i-f Cheji, r, commanding him to impannel, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty four Perfons, qualified to ferve upon Juries, to appear before the faid Truftees, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants fhall be appointed, and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly; and out of the Perfons fo fummoned, impanelled, and returned, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons, the Truftees aiding in the Premifes, fhall and arc hereby empowered and required to fwear, or caufe to be fworn, Twelve Men, who fhall be the Jury for the Purpofe aiorefaid, and in Default of a fuflicient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, fhall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers, by, or that can fpcedily be procured to attend that Service to make up the Number of Twelve Jurors, and all Perfons concerned fhall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fworn; and the faid Truftees*, acting in the Premifes, fhall have Power from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines upon fuch Shei iff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons who fhall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and fhall not appear, or that fhall refufe to be fworn • n the faid Jury, or being fworn fhall refufe to give, or for not giving their Verdidt, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adt, and upon any of the Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury fhall refute or negledt to appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined, or give Evidence, and which Fine or Fines fhall be levied and applied in fuch Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures given and iinpofed by this Add are herein-after directed to be levied and applied, fo that no fuch Fine be more than Ten Pounds on any one Perfon, for any one Offence.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That if the faid charges of Jury upon fuch Requeft fhall find or affels an equal or lefs Sum of Money Jury, &c. for fuch Damage and Recompence than hath been by the faid Truftees, or their Treafurer, or o:her Perfon or Perfons by virtue of their Order, tendered to the Party or Parties fo refuting or negledting to treat as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Peri n or Perfons fo negledting or refufmg to treat fhall pay the Colls occalioned by fuch Refulal or Negledt, which Cofts fhall be fettled and afeertained by the faid Jury, and fhall be deducted out of the Sum of Money by them affefied for fuch Damage and Recompence; but if the faid Jury fhall find or affefs a gieater Sum at Money for fuch Damage and Recompence than hath been by the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, or other Perfon or Perfons by virtue of their Order tendered to the Party or Parties fo relufing or negledting to treat as aforefaid, then the Cofts occaficned by iuch Relufal or Negledt

(to

344

47° GEORGII

III. Sefr.2. Cap. 17.

Damage* to

be paid out

(ti be fettled and ascertained as aforefaid) fhall be paid by the faid Truftees out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Aft: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perlon or Perfons fliall by reafon of Abl'ence have been prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Cofis and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the laid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That every Sum of Money or Reeompenfe to be agreed for or aifefied as aforefaid fhall be paid out of cUhe 1 oll», tq'0[|s arifing within or upon account of the laid Roads, or out of the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of the laid Tolls, to the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively entitled to fuch Money; or to his or their Agent or Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the feme, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Ttuftees for the Time being, for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons; or in cafe of Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy, Abfence beyond the Sea, or other Difability in any Perfon or P'erfons who may be entitled to or in-terefted in the Lands or Hereditaments thiough which any Part or Parts of the faid Roads fhall be ordered to be made as aforefaid, or in cafe the Perfon then entitled to the PofTeflion or Receipt of the Rents of the fame Lands and Hereditaments, hath only a particular Eftate, then (upon inveft-ing the Confideration Money or Recompence to be agreed for or allelfed as aforefaid in the Purchafe of Stocks or Annuities in any of the Public Funds, in the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid 1 ruftees fhall think proper, lor the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, until fome convenient Purchafe or Purchafes can be made of other Lands or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the laid Lands or Hereditaments through which the faid Roads fhall be ordered to be made as af refaid fhall hand or be fettled at the Time or Times when the fame fliall be taken for the Purpofe or l’urpoles hereinbefore mentioned), it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons authorized ty Writing under the Hands of the faid Truftees, to make, widen, divert, turn, or alter fuch Roads, cr any Part thereof, through fuch Lands or Hereditaments, as fuch Truftees fhall think fit, and fuch Truftees fhall cauie iuch Parts of the faid Roads as fliall be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, through any inclofed Grounds to be ditched and fenced from the adjoining Lands, and all Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be made a Part or Parts of the faid Roads by virtue of this Aft, fhall for ever thereafter, to all Intents and Purpofes, be a common Highway, and fhall be repaired and kept in Repair in fuch Manner as the Roads hereby appointed to be repaired, or as the common Highways lying in the re-fpeftive Townfhips through which the Roads hereby appointed to be repaired fliall or may be turned or diverted, is or are by this or any other Law to be amended ; and from thenceforth all Parties and Perfons whom-foever fhall be diverted of all Right and litle to fuch Lands and Hereditaments fo taken into and made Part of the faid Roads; and after fuch new Roacls fliall be completed, the Lands cor.ftituting the former Roads, unlefs leading over fome Common or Walle Ground, or to fome Village, Town, or Place to which fuch new Roads do not lead, fhall be vefted in the Truftees for the Time being of this Aft, and fliall and may be fold and conveyed by the laid Truftees for the belt Price that can be gotten for ti lie lame, or may be exchanged for other Lands ufed for the Puypofes of this Aft. and the M ney arifing by fuch Sale, fhall be applied to the Repair of the faid Roads.

XL. Provided

47° GEORGII Iir. Seff.2. Cap. 17.	345

XL. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That when any Grounds Pcr.ont from /hall be loli in purliiance of this Ad, the fame /hall be f-i'ft offered, at a " ur_a“ ' fair and reaionable Price, to fuch Perfon or Perl- ns as /hall have Lauds ci-afc-a to contiguous to or lying intermixed therewith, and to w hom the Put chafe tn-.c the Pie-thereof/hall appear to be mod; reafonable ; and in cafe f ch Perfon or tf’ f ucou Pcrfons refpedively fliail not then and thereupon agree, or /hall refufe to ' e* .purchafe the fame, any Affidavit, to be made and fwom before a Mafler Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County where fuch Grounds /hull lie, by feme Perfon or Perfons no Way interefted in the faid Grounds,

/f ating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Truftees and that fuch Offer was not then and there agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was offered, (hall, in all Courts whatfoever, be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made .r.nd was not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made [as the Cafe may be] ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons {hall be defirous of purchafmg the fame, and he, file, or they,

,and the faid Truftees cr any Five or more of them, lhall .(differ and not agree with rc.fped to the Price thereof, in fuch cafe the Price or Price* thereof ftall be afeertained by a Jury, in Manner hercin-before directed -with refpecl to difputed Value of Premifes to be purchafed by the faid	,

Truftees in purfuance of this Ad, and the Expence of heating and determining luch Pifference /hall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before direded with refptd to inch Purchafe made by the laid Truftees, nuitatis mutandis.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Truftees p.ot Ad /hall extend to authorize the faid Truftees, or any of them, or any v other Perfon or Perfons, .to take down any Dwelling-Houfq, or other nor Building, or to takein any Ground which at the Time of the Order made take in any lor turning, diverting, or widening fuch Road, fttall be made, planted, or Gardens, &c. let apart as a Vard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Conlent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof refpedively,

.any Thing herein-befdre contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XLIT. And be it further, enaded, That if any Money /hall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, of Compcn-tuken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Ad, for the Purpofes hmon. thereof, which /hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant,

Lunitick, or Perfon or Perfons under any DifabiLt/ or Incapacity, lech Money /hall, in cafe the fame /hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the Truftees tor executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignilied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe (■1 the Land-lax, or towards the Efffcharge of any Debt cr Debts, cr luch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faid Court fiiall authorize to be paid afteding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affed-ing other Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money Hull not be fo applied, then the fame /hall be laid out and invefted under [Loc. fcf Per.]	4 S	the

$46

If under 2Col. arid exceeding

If under sol.

In cafe of not making out

^Titles.

470 GEORG 11 III. Self. 2. Cap. 17.

the like Direction and Approbation of the laid Cobrf, in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufcs, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at rhe Time of making l'uch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exiiting undetermined and capable of taking el Fed ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch : urchafe (hall be made, the laid Money (hall, bv Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Laid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall Irem Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe cr Settlement were made.

XI.III. Provided always, and be it further ena&rd, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Pert-ms under Difabiiity or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafe3 the fame fhalh, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their reipe-flive Hands, be paid into -the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other wife the fame fhall be paid at tile like Option to Two Truflees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving; Parties), in order that fuch Principal Motley, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XL1V. Provided alfo, and be it further enacled, That where fuch Money fo agreed cr awarded to be paid as laft before mentioned fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo pur. chafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

XLV. And be it further enafled, That in cafe ihe Perfon or Perfons to whom any bum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of anv

Lands,

347

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2.* Cap. 17.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purcliafed by virtue of ibis Ad, fhall refufe to accept the fame or fhall rot be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Saiisfadion of the faid Trtiftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be lb awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if tire Peribn or Perfon* entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difcovered, then and in every' fuch Cafe it fhall and may' be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money i’o awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and w ith the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defcribing them'] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Chum to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is herebv empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or , otherwife, as to the lame Court ihall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftributien thereof,, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftivc F.rtate or Ertates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or i’erfons making Claim thereunto, or to make fuch other Order in the Premiles as to the feme Court Ihali feem juft and reafonable, and the Cafhicr or Cafhiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and fer whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That where any Oueftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfc-n to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuar.ee of this Act for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any Kit ate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perlb.o or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary Ihall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancer/, and the Dividends and Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fnall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unicis it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLVII, Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when by rcafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation,

Or if rcvfonJ

cannot I c found, Pur-

chalc Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject to the order of the Court of Chancery, om Motion or Petition.

Where any Queflioa (hall arife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Perfon who (hail be in PoficC. lion of the Lands, Szc. at the Time of fuch Pm-chai’t* Ihall be deemed entitled thereto according to fuch Poffeflion only.

The Court cfCl lancery may order reafonable

348	47°	GEORGII	III.	Seff.2.	Cap.	17.

F'xncnces of Purdiafcs to be paid by li.C iiuail.

'K.o greater

Dcvialii n than 700 Yards be. tue. n WiS-ilerfpool and Frodfliam.

T niftees, etc. may mnr

Lands to make the Koad-.

ration, entitled to any Lands, Teneirr its, or Hereditaments to be ptir-chaied under the Authority of this Ait, the Pure hale Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Ait, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expenccs of all Purchales from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Ait, cr fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Ait, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpoles as the faid Court fhall direct.

XLVI1I. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no further Deviation than Seven hundred Yards from the Line of the prefent high Road between Wtldcrfpool and Frocijham aforefaid fhall be made, unlefs the fame be ordered and direiled by a Majority of the then Truflees of this Ait affembled at their Annual Meeting herein-before directed to be held within the Lid Frodjham Diftrict.

XI.IX. And be it further enaited. That it fliall be lawful for the faid Trutcecs or anv of diem, and for their Surveyor and Surveyors and Workmen, with cr without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the new Reads herehy authorized to be made are intended to be made, anil to flake out and make the fame in fuch Manner as the laid Trultees (hall think reccliary or proper, without being liable or fubjeel to .be deemed n Trefpafler or Treipalfers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punifbment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of lucli Lands or Grounds refpeftively for any of the Purpofes of this Add, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of fuch Lands and Grounds for the Damage that {hall be done to the Land or Ground on the Sides of any new Road whilft the fame fhall be making, in cafe fuch Damage fhall exceed the Sum of One Shilling; and if any Perfon fliall wilfully pull up, remove, or deflrov any of the Stakes or other Maries ufed in laying out or making any fuch Road, everv Perfon fo offending fliall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, to be recovered in the fame Manner as other general Penalties and Forfeitures impeded by this Aft are to be recovered.

Cod and Or? L. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if anv Coal, referved to Lead Ore, or Copper Ore, or any other Ore or Mineral vha’tfoever, the Perfons fhall be difeovered or found out in or upon any Part of the Lands fo interdict!.	purchafed as aforefaid, in that Cafe fuch Coal, Ore, or Mineral fo found

fhall be referred to the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be entitled to fuch Coal, Ore, or other Mineral, with Liberty for him, her, or them, or their refpeftive Agents or Servants, to dig or profecute the faid Mine or Work in fuch Manner as is ufual for carry ing on Works of the like Kind in that County, in as full and ample a Manner as if the faid Land had not been fold for the Purpofes aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons, their Agents or Servants refpeftively, fo working for the faid Coal, Ore, or other Mineral, cauftng as little Damage and Inconvenience to the laid Roads as poflible, and filling up all Pits and Holes, and removing and levelling

?49

Arf GEORG 11 III. SclT. 2. Cap. 17.

all Batiks and Hillocks that fhall be made on account of the Works or Mine aforefaid: Provided always, that no Perfcrt fli-ill act as alruftce in anv Cafe relating to the contracting For or ptircfefmg of any Lands or Hereditaments wherein he fhall be particularly concerned or intercfled.

Id. And be it further enacted, That if any Ilorfe or Horfes, Afs or Afies, Mule or Mules, Cattle, Sheep, or Swine flvall be found wandering or depafluring upon or on the Sides of any Part of the laid Road, the Owner or Owners of iuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or AiTes, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, fhall refpeftivelv forfeit and pay for every fuch Oituice any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recovered in iuch Manner as the other Penalties impofed by this aft are herein direfted to be recovered and levied; and the Surveyor and Surveyors of the laid Roads, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons are hereby authoiifed to cauie all fuch Horfe or Horfes, Als or Aides, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, as fhall be found wandering or depafluring upon the faid Road, or on the Sides thereof, to be impounded, until the Complaint againlt the Owner or Owners thereof can be heard before fome one of the Jufhces or the Peace afting for the County of Chejier, or until the Owner or Owner; of fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or .rifles, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, fhall pay the faid Penalty, without having fuch Complaint heard before fuch Juftice of the Peace; and in cafe fuch Complaint fhall be heard before fuch Juftice of the Peace, and fuch Juftice fhall convift fuch Owner or Owners, and order fuch Penalty or Penalties to be pa d, then fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or A lies, Mule or Mules, Cattle or Swine fhall remain impounded until the Penalty or Penalties fhall be paid, over and above the ufual Fee to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound In which fuch Horfe or Horfes, A s or Afies, Mule or Mules, Caitle, or ' wine, fhr.ll be fo impounded; and if any Proprietor or Keeper of any fuch Pound fhall releafe any fuch Korfe or Horfes, Afs or Al!'e=, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine, which fhall be fo impounded as aforefaid, without the Confent of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons fo impounding, every iuch Proprietor or Keeper fhalt for every iuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Iwenty Sh lliugs; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall difturb or molett fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Heading or driving fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Afies, Mule or Mules, Cattle, or Swine to Pound as aforefaid, he or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfet and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, which faid feveral Penalties before mentioned fhall be -applied towards the repairing of the faid Roads, and to and for no other Purpofe whatfoever.

I-II- And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhall bring or lay, cr caufe, permit, or ftiffer to be brought or laid any Allies, Rubbifh, Soil, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Dirt, Dung, Fifth, or other Annoyance, Nuiiance, or Obllvuftion whatfoever, within the Diltance of Fifteen Feet from the Centre of the faid Roads, or any of them, every fuch Perfon fhall fnrf it a Sum not more than Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence, whereof One Moiety fhall be allowed to the Informer or Informers, and the o:her Moiety to be employed by the faid Truftees for the Benefit- of the faid Roads, fuch Penalty and Forfeiture to be levied and recovered in the lame or the like Manner, and f y the fame and the like Ways anil \_Loc. cr Per.J	4 T	Means

No intcrelled Perfoo to act.

Borlrf,

AiTer, ire. wandei

and depaftur-inir, may brr ftiztd and impounded.

Allies, Sro. r.ot to be laid within 15 Feet of tlier Centre of the Rood.

3-°

-For fecuring

tranfient

Offenders.

Perfons chargeable to Statute Work, to continue To.

Jufiices to

determine

Diff rcncrSj

touching

Statute

Wcrk.

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. f7.

Means as is herein-after contained with refpeft to the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be impofed.

LIII. And whereas Offences may be committed rgai.tft this Aft ty Perfons unknown to the Collect irs, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Aft in Execution ; be it therefore crafted, rl hat it (hall be lawful for any of the faid Collectors, Surveyors, or ether Officers refpeftively, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they fliall call to his or their Affile tnce, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft, to feize and detain any unknown Perfonor Perfons who fliall commit any fuch Offence dr Oil .tees, and take him to feme Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Chrjfcr, near to thePlace where the Offence or Offei ices fliall be committed, and fuch jultice is hereby empowered and direfted to proceed immediately to the Hearing and Determining of the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons f > offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Seffion to be holden within and for the County or Dift.ift i 1 which fuch Offence or Offences fliall have been committed, to anfwer the faid C mplaitit, and the Juffices prefent at fuch Petty Seffi >n, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the faid C mplaintjn a fummary Way, and upon Conviftion of the Offender or Offender--, either by the Juftice before whom he, flic, or they fliall be firft taken, or by the Jufiices at fuch Petty Seffion as aforefa d, it fliall be lawful for the faid Juftice or Jufiices refpeftively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion of the fame County, Riding, or Di.trift, there to remain for anv Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unlefs he, fhe, or they fliall fooner pay the reipeftive Penalties by him, her or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offer,ces, together with the Ccfts arid Charges attending the Conviftion and Complaint.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That all Perfons who by Law are or fliall be liable to do Statute-Work, or are or fliall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby direfted to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part there f, /ball (till r.main liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fliall and m y be lawful to and for'any Two or more Jufiices of the Peace for ihfeff tid County of Chcjter, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the f id Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what lkn t or I roporrion of the Statute-Work fliall ev. ry ve«r be done upon the faid Koadsby the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Purifhes, Townfhips, or Places in which the faid Roads do l:e, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifli or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute-Work as aforefaid, fliall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftee- or to their Trei-furcr ; and in order thereunto it fliall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftlccs from Time to l ime to fumffion the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Idig' ways for every fuch Parilh, Townfliip, or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Jufiices at fome Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons (within Ten Days' after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the fevcral Perfons who within fuch Parifli, Townfliip, or Plate are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute-Work for that Year, ot to the

Payment

35*

4.70 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 17.

Payment of any Money in lieu of or as ^.Compofition for fuch Statute-Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife ; and alto the Amount of the refpec-tive Sums to be paid, which Lilts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under luch- Regulations and ReltricHons as is or are or rnay be directed by any Law cr Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and cut of fuch Lilts the laid Jultices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Ferfons who (hall appear to be fubject and liable to Statute-Work as aforefaid to do luch Number of Days Statute-Work in every Year upon the faid Roads, as the faid Jultices lhall think reafcnable, and the fame lhall be done on fuch Days, and at fuch Times, (not being Hay-time or Harvelt) and in fuch Parts <-f the faid Roads, as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Jultices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lift (hall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compefition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Jultices lhall think proper to the faid Trultees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Jultices fhall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refoeflive Perfons liable to the Payment theieof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act r.uthoiized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute-Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their kill or ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Trultees. fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer, or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubject and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeituies as iuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or li. ble to by any Law or Statute in Force and Eft'eft for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who (hail come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be lent with any leatn or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Trultees, fuch Surveyor is-hereby empowered to remove and tu n off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, turd in that cafe every fuch Perfon fhall befubj:ct and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments afore aid. as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent.to work on any Parts of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the laid Roads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the fait! Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places fli 11 refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lilts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Survey; r lb offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

L V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the laid lrultees to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwife, with the Poffed'ots, Occupiers, Grantees, Truftees, Feoffees, and Com-muicc; of Lands, tenements or Hereditaments, or other-Property which 2ie or Cull be liable to or chargeable with tile Repair of any Part of the

Truftees may compound for Stauiie Wovk.

352

Truftees may contrail for Repairs.

Penalty on Perfons drawing Timber, &c.

And for riding upon Footways,

<] Tiring Catilt, fkc. and damaging Horfe Caufeways, fcc.

4/ GEQRGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 17.

faid Roads, or with any Perfon or Perfons for the Performance of his* her, or their Statute Work thereon; and ail'o that it fhall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the fald Parities, Tov/nfhips, or Places, or fuch Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor refpedivoly as aforei'aid, by and with the Confent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of fuch Parilhes, Townfhips, or Places, ft Hi; had at any Vcfiry or other public Meeting of fuch Inhabitants, to compound and .agree by the Year, or othenvife, with the faid Truftecs, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by all the Inhabitants of fuch Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places refpedivcly, upon any Part or Parts cf the laid Roads, and fuch Compofuion Monies (hall be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and fhall be applied in repair of the faid Roads, and all fuch Sur-vevors, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor fhall be reimbursed the Money to by them paid, in fuch Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by the Laws now in being to be reimburfed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it find! be lawful for the faid Truftees from Time to Time to con;tact and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the repairing the faid Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in purluauce or execution of this Act, in fuch Manner, and or fuch Sum or Sums of Money annually, or odicr-wife, as the faid fruitces fhall think proper.

LVII And be it further enacted,' That if any Perfon fhad hale or draw or eaufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone othenvife than upon Wheel Carriages, or fhall fsffer any Tree or Piece of Timber which lhall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages to drag upon any Part of fuch Roads to die Prejudice thereof, or fhall wilfully drive any loaded Waggon along any Foot or Horfe Caufeway, being Part of cr adjoining to the laid L oad.-, or fhall withuuf being thereto authorized by (he Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being acting under this Act, fhovd up, ferape, gather, take, or carry away iany Stones, Gravel Sand, Slutch, Mire or Soil, from or oif any fuch Caufeway, or any other Part of the laid Roads within the Fradjham Difirict, or fhall wilfully lay any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh, or other Matter or 1 iiing whatfoever on die faid Roads or Cauiev.ays, or any of them, to the Annoyance or Ob-flruction thereof, or if any Perfon fhall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the faid Roads, or fhall wilfully drive any Horfe or other Cattle, Sheep, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon or fhall wilfully or carelefsly eaufe any Damage to be done to fuch Footways, or if the Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other fuch Carriage fhall wilfully or carelefsly pull up, break, or damage any Puffs or Stones ereded for the Security of the faid Horfe Caufeways, or wilfully or carelefsly drive the Wheel of any Carriage againfl the fame, or fhall wilfully or carelefsly drive the V\ heel of any Carriage upon any Horfe or Foot Caufeway made or to be made in any Part of the faid Roads, or againft the Side thereof, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit a Sum not more than Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence, to be recovered as other Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad may be recovered. One Moiety or Half Part whereof lhali be allowed to the Informer.

8

LVIIT. And

47r GEORG II III, Seff.a. Cap. 17.	353

LATH. And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees fhall iicreifter continue or caufe to be fet up, whenever the fame fliall be wanted, Stones ™ s t“‘, or Polls in, upon, or near the Sides of the faid Road, at the Diltance of continued One Milt from each other, with Infcripiions thereon, denoting the Num* and let up ber of Miles and Diflance of Places, and alfo ereCt fuch Guide or Direction- when wanted. Polls with fuch nferiptions thereon as they the faid Truftees fliall think proper; and if any Pcrfon or Pei Ions lhall wilfully pull down, break, or damage any I'uch Stone or Poll, or deface or obliterate any of the Letters,

Figures, or Marks inferibed thereon, or lhall caufe or procure the fame to be done, every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall for every iuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the far,ie Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad are recovered, One Half whereof fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half fliall be applied in fuch Manner as the Penalties are hereinafter direded to be applied.

LIX And be it further enaded, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or author zed to be impofed (if the Manner of levy- ho^ t * bt; re_ ing and recovering thereof is not herein otherwife direded) fhall upon covered ai.d Proof of the Offences refpedively before any Juft ice of the Peace for the applied. County of Cbffer, or for the County or Place wherein the Offender fliall be and refide, either by the Conftflion of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any Witnefs or Witneffes, be levied by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels ot the Party offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, (which Warrant fuch Juftice is herebv empowered and required to grant for thofe Purpofes) and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrels and Sale are recovered and deducted, fliall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines when paid or levied (if not otheru ife direded to be applied by this Ad', fhall be from Time to Time paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid I ruftees, and applied in tile Repair of the faid Roads, and in cafe fufficient Diftrcfs fliall not be found, or fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines fhall not forthwith be paid, it fliall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender to be committed to the common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offender lhall be and refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reafcnable Charges, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

LX. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders agair.fl this Aft, Be it further enacted, That every Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fliall be convicted of any Offence againft this ACt, fhall and may caufe the Conviction to- be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame LffeCt, (as the Cafe fliall require), videlicet,

‘ gE it remembered. That on the	in	the Year of Form of

‘ our Lord	A.	B.	is	convicted before me C. D. Conviction,

‘ one ot His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace for the County of

specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place -when and where thefame ‘ was committed, and the Penalty or Forfeiture, as the Cafe fhall require].

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year firft above mentioned.

[Loc.&Per.]	4	U—X	LXI.	Provided

354-

Appeal to the Quarter Selfioas.

Proceedings not to be quart) ed for want of Form.

Tender of Amends may be made.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 17.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further emitted. That if any Perfon lhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any Act or Thing done in pur-fuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, fuch Perfon may appeal to the Jultices of the Peace at any General Quarter Selfions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Cheftcr, within Six Calendar Months after the Caufc of fuch Complaint lhall have arifen, fuch Appellant firlt giving or caufing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treafurer to the laid Truftees of this Act, and within Four Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Chejler with Two fufficient Sureties in the Sum of Forty Pounds for each fuch Perfon, and his or her Sureties jointly and feverally conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay fuch Colts as flirdl be awarded by the Jultices at fuch Quarter Seiiions, and the Jultices of fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, lhall hear and determine the Caufes and Matters cf fuch Appeal in a luminary Way, and award fuch Coifs to the Party appealing or appealed againlt, as they the faid Jultices lhall think proper, and the Determination of the Jultices at fuch Quarter Selfion lhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes.

LXII. And be it further enacted. That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders againlt this Act fnall be qualhed for want of Form, or removed or removable by Ce tiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any cf His Majeltv’s Courts of Record at Wcjiminjlcr, or into the Court of Seffion, or the Court of Exchequer, or any other Court for the faid County Palatine of Cbcjlsr; and that as often as any Diltrefs lhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diltrefs itfelf lhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaifer or Trefpaffers on account of any Deleft or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diltrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor lhall the Party or Parties diltrain-ing be deemed a Trefpaifer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which lhall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggreived by fnch Irregularity lhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fnecial L'amage (if any) in an ■ Action upon the Cafe.

LTIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall recover in any Aftion lor any Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Proceedings under or by virtue of this Aft, if Tender of fufficient Amends (hail be made by or on behalf of the Party or Parties who (hall have committed or caufed to be committed any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceeding before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender lhall have been made, it lhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court in which any fuch Aftion lhall depend, at any Time before fuch Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, hie, or they lhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, or Order, and Judgement lhall be had, made, and 6	given

355

47rGEORGlI III. Seif. 4. Cap. ij.

given in and by filth Court, as in ether Actions in which the defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained fliall extend or be conftrued to extend to fubject or make liable to the Tolls impofed by this Act, any Horfe, Mule, or other Bead which fliall be employed in drawing Boats on the Can. I or Navigation belonging to the Truftees named in tne Will, or other Reprefentatives, of the late Molt Noble Francis Duke of Bridgcwatfr, but fuch Horfes, Mules, or other Beads (hall from Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Aft, pafs and repafs Toll-free to and from the Towing Paths belonging to the faid Navigation*

LXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Aftion (hall be brought by the Order of the faid Truftees again ft any Perfon or Perfons by virtue of or in purfuance of this Aft, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, or in the. Names of any Five of the faid Truftees on behalf of the faid Truftees, and no fuch Action (hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon or Perfons in whole Name or Names the fame (hall be brought; but no fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or Truftees, or any or either of them, fliall be fubjeft to the Payment of any Cofts or Expences on account thereof, but all fuch Coils and Exptnces (hall be defrayed out of ihe Monies avifing by virtue of this Aft.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, until Twenty Days Notice in Writing fhall have been given thereof to the Clerk or Clerks to the Truftees of this Aft, nor after fuflicient Satisfaftion or Amends, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed ; and every fuch Aftion or Suit fliall be laid, brought, and tried in the County of Cbefcer, and not elfe-where, and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Aftion or Suit fliall and may at his, her, or their Elcftion plead (penally, or the General Ifl'ue not Guilty, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfu-arce and by the Authority of this Aft, and if the fame fliall appear to be fo done, or if fuch Aftion or Suit fliall be brought before Twenty Days Notice (hall have been thereof given as aforefaid, or after a fuflicient Satisfaftion or Amends made or tendered as aforefaid- or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fliall be brought in any other County, then the Jury fliall find a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion ; and in cafe of a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or eftfeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fliall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants fliall recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cafes by Law.

LXVII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fliall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, and other Perfons wfcomfoever, without fpe-cially pleading the fame.

Exemption for the Horfes, Sec. drawing Foats on the Duke of B:idgewater's Canal.

Actions may be brought in the l\ame of the Tica-furer or Clerk.

Limitation 01 Actions.

Treble Cofls.

Publick A3.

LXVIII. And

356

Term and Continuance of tke Att.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 17.

LXVIII. And be it further enabled, That this A£t fhall commence on the paffing thereof, and continue in force for the Refidue of thG faid fubfiiting Term, and for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majcfty. 1807.

—3 *,«e T f

: ,*Tl- v

rtX/J tF tbkH - '

77 join A

ft lo u. ':







ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff! 2.

Cap. 18.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, palled in the Fifth and Twenty-hxth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Crofs, in the Parilh of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to Wiljley Green, in the Parilh of Cranbrooke, and lroma Place near Goudhurft Gore to Stilebridge, and from Underden Green to Wanputt's Green, in the County of Kent.	[25th	July	1807.]

WHEREAS an A3: was patted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled, An An Aft 5 G. 3; for repairing and widening the Reads leading from the Turnpike c. 63.

Road at Kipping’s Crofs, in the Parifh of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parifhes of Brenchley, Horfmonden, and Goudhurft, by the left hand fide of lden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilfley Green, in the Parif]} of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurft Gore, through the Parifh, of Warden to Stilebridge, in the faid Parifh and from Underden Green in Marden aforefaid, to Wanfhutt’s Green, in the County of Kent:

And whereas another Act was palled in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi for enlarging the i6G.},e.84. Term of an Adi of the Fifth Tear of His prefent Majcfy, for repairing and widening the Reads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping’s Crofs, in ILoc.&Per.]	4 T	fa

3O2	4/c	GEORGII	III.	Sefi.2.	Cap.	18.

the Pe?ifh of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parifi.es of Brenchley, Horfinonden, and Goudhurit, by the left hand fide of Idea Green to the Turnpike Road on Wililey Green, in the Parifh of Cran-brooke, and froina Plate near Goudhurit Gore, through the Parifh of Mar-den, to Stilebridge in the faid Parifh, and from Underden Green, in Mar-den aforefaid, to Wanlhutt’s Green, in the County of Kent: And whereas the Truitees appointed in and by virtue of the laid Afts, have proceeded to put the fains into Execution, and have borrowed a confnlerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on tire laid Roads, which Money ftill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, or even the Intereft difeharged, of which there is a confiderable Arrear ; ncr can the faid Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Acts be further continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is neceffary that the Tolls granted by the faid Afts, fliould be encreafed on Part of the faid Roads; May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and Tl.c faid Afts ky Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Afts paffed refpec-furthercon- tively in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of the Reign of His faid pre-tinued. fent Majefty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein refpeftively contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) lhall be and they are hereby further continued lor and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft; but Tubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which fli'all commence and take effeft immediately upon the palling of this Act ; and this Aft, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, lhall be and they are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the faid recited Afts, and alfo of fuc ■ other Sum and Sums of Money as lhall or may be borrowed for the Purpofe of the faid Afts and this Act, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpectively.

Three Truf- II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things, au-tees to be a thorized or required by the faid recited Acts and this Act, or either of Quorum. them, to be done and executed by theTruftees for carrying the lame into Execution, {hall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of the faid Truitees prefent at any Meeting, being the Majority of fuch of them as lhall be then prefent, and the fame when fo done and executed, lhall be as good, valid, and effectual, and (hail have the fame Force and Effeft as if fuch Afts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Three of the Laid Truitees.

No Order to BE And be it further enafted. That no Order made for carrying the be revoked faid former Afts or this Act into Execution by any Five or more i ru!-nu\eh a great- tees, (hall be revoked or altered unlefs a greater N umber of Truitees lhall Truitts'are be prefent, and concur in revoking or altering fuch Order, than werepre-prefeni than fent when fuch Order was made; nor (lull any Order be revoked or made the	altered

Order. OOA

3^3

47°GEORGII III. SclV.2. Cap.iS.

titered ss aforefnid, unlefs at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, public Notice of which Meeting (hall be given by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erected or to be erefted in purfuance of the laid former Acts or this Act. declaring the Intention of repealing fuch Order or Orders at leall Ten Days before luch Meeting.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Tolls in and by Additional thefaid recited Acts granted, or authorized to be taken between Goudburjl Tolls-Gore and Stikbridgc, and alfo between Underden Green and Wanjhutt’s

Green, being in the faid firft recited Aft called the Second Diftrift of the faid Roads, there lhall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be demand* cd and taken at all and every the Gates and Turnpikes erefted or to be elected or continued by virtue of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, between the refpefiive Places lalt aforefaid, the feveral Tolls following; (that is to fay).

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft:, drawing any

arriage, the additional Sum of Two-pence :

For every Ilorfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the additional Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the additional Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Pigs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the additional Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in ptoportion for any greater or lefs Number.

V.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Trultees fhall and may. Double Toll* and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to caufeto be demanded »» Sundays, and taken at all and every the faid Gates and Turnpikes, on each and

every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the preceding Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next fucceeding Sunday Night) Double the Tolls which fhall for the Time being be authorized to be collefted on any other Day, under or by virtue of the faid recited Afts or of this Aft.

VI.	And whereas by the faid recited Afts all Perfons are exempted Four Tolls t* from the Payment of more than Three Tolls in the whole for paffing and *3e taken. repaying the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages,

through all the Toll Cates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of the faid Acts, in the Second Difttict of the faid Roads: And whereas, in confequence of the large Sum of Money due and owing on the Credit of the faid Tolls it is expedient that the faid Truftees fhould be empowered to caufe more than 1 hree Tells to be taken in the faid Second Diftrift ; be it therefore enafted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe Four Tolls in the whole to be demanded and taken from any Perfon or Perfons for parting and repafling	'

the fame Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to i welve’af the Clock in the next fucceeding Night) with the fame Horfes,

Bealls, Cattle, or Carriages through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted by virtue of the laid recited Afts or this Aft, in the faid Second Diftrift of the faid Roads; any Thing in the faid recited Afts ct either cf them contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And

36+

Addit’onal Tolls veiled in theTruf-tees.

Collector of Tolls lo lie competent Witncfs.

Exemptions from Toll.

47® GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 18.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid feveral Tolls by this Aft authorized to be taken, fhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Truitees, and the fame and every Part thereof (hall be colle&ed, recovered, paid, applied, and difpofed of in fuch and the fame Manner, and by fuch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Remedies for Nonpayment or Evafion thereof, as is or are mentioned and contained in the faid recited Acts refpe&ing the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

VIII.	And be it further enafred, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation (hall arife touching or in anywife relating to the Tolls by the faid recited A£ls or this A£l authotized to be collected, or any of them, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid Truitees, Ihsll not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colled the fard Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the faid Trullees.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the palling of this Ad no Toll fliall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or teturning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parilhes or Places in which the Ronds hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoll of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted j for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor Ihall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or returning from plowing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the traw, or Wood not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfcs, Out-houfes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Hufbandry ; or for any Horfe, or other Beall or Cattle, drawing or car-rving the feme in order for the repairing thereof, or uftng the fame in Hufbandry ; or for any IIorfe|or other Bealt’or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or farried ; or for any Hories, Cattle or Carriages of whatfoever Dcfcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Express under the Authority of His Majelty’s Pofttnafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the (ante, or in returning back from convey ing“the fame, or for the Horfcs of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Iiorfes or other Bealls employed in carry ing the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Day s of Exercii'e, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their rs-fpeflive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeclivrfy at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or oiher Bead employed m the Conveyance cf Vagrants travelling wiin legal PalDs; nor Ihall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parilh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth Tie, who fliall pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes to or

3	from

47° GEORG 11 III. Seflr.2. Cap. iB.	36$

from his, her, or their relpeftive Pari(h Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Chrijlmas Day,

Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who (hall attend the Funeral of any Per-ion dying and to be buried in any cf the faid Parifhes ; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifitiag any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty, on a Sunday or on Chrijlmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpeft of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Paftenger or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Eleftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament tor the faid County of Kent, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleftion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election (hall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon (hall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or (hall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Toils granted and continued by the faid recited Afts and this Acf, or any Part thereof, (hall be evaded, every fuch Perfon (lull for every fuch Orfence, forfeit ?.nd pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpofes of the laid Afts and of this Aft.

X.	And be it further enafted. That all Perfons who by Law are or Statute (halt be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable to- Labourj wards repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thtreof, (hall full remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County in which fuch Roads ate fituate (as the Cafe may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truf-tees, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads, by the Inhabitants of the relpeftive Parifhes or Places in which the fame do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it lhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Pariih or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Pariih or Place are by Law fubjeft: and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Statute Work, diftinguiftiing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draught or otherwife, and alfo the Amount ot the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in luch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or may be direfted by any Law or Statute\in Force or Etfcft for the Repairs of the publick Highways ; and out ot fuch Lifts the fan! Juftices (ball and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear fubjeft aud liable to Statute Work as alorefaid, to do [Loc.&Per.]	4Z	fuch

366

Application cf Compensation when amounting to 200I.

470 GEORGII III. Sefr.2. Gap.tB*

fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road* as the faid Juftices (hall think reasonable, and the fame lhall be done at fuch Da\s and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harvell) and in fuch Pans of the faid Road', as the faid Truitees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors (had from T:me to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by luch Lifts lhall appear to be fubject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay luch Proportion thereof as the laid Jufttces lhall think proper, to the laid Truftees or their Trcalurer, at luchTime or Times as the faid Juftices lhall oiredt; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame lhall and may be recovered bv Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels ofthe refpedtivel erfons, liable to the Payment thereof in like Manner as any Penally is b; ;he laid A£ts authorizedor directed to be recovered ; and each and every Per Ion wholhall negledtor refufe to do fuch StatuteWork as alortfaid, a teiNmice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or thei uiual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Trufttes Shall for every Day of his, her, or their Delault, or tht Default ot any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or taughts, Hwrfe or Horfts, Beaft o. Beafts, to be provided by him, her, or them be fub-je£t and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as 1 ch Ptrl'on or Perlbns may be fubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in Foict or Effed for the Repair of the Publick Highways ; and it any P*rfon wtio lhall ccme to work as a Labourer, ot lhall be lint with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, lhall be found idle or negligent by any Su veyor to the faid Truftees, futh Surveyor is htrtby empowered to remove and difmils the Perfon who lhall be found idle or negligent as aforelaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjtdi and liable to the relp dive Forfeitures and Payments as aforelaid, as if lie had ntg-leded or refufed to cotne, or fuch Team or Draught had not been f nt to work on any Pa t of the faid Roads ; all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Tre fur r to the lad Truftees and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or S rveyors cf theH'ghways for any ot the laid Parilhts or Places, lhall .elule or wiliully neglect to give in lurh Lifts as aforelaid, or Goal 1 knowingly and wi'fully give in falle aud impeded Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending lhall for every fuch Oflence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Money lhall be paid or agieed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchale of at.y I. mds,Tenements, cr Hereditaments purchaled, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ads or this Act, for the Purpofcs theieof, which lhall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminillrator, Hulband, Guardian, Committee or other Tiultee for and on Behalf of any Infant, l.unatick, leiiot, Fitne Coeert, or other CeftuiqueTruft, or to any Perfon whole Lands, 'tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in Uriel or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Dilability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Monty lhall, in cafe the fame lhall amount to-rhe Sum of Two hundred Pi unds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Lngland, in the Name and with the Privity ol the Accountant Gtnerai ot the High Court of Chanctiy, tc fee placed to hisAccount there ex parte the

t..	.	:	j.ov	■	tit	c r>(Tsuftte#“

367

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 18.

Truftees for executing the faid Afts and this Ad, to the Intent that (uch Money (hall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid af-fe&mg the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or H reditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredion and A| probation of the faid Court, in the Pur-chafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament^, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts,

Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aiore-fud. flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be rxilting undetermined and ca-pao'eot taking Kffed ; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the laid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or T hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the meantime and until the laid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce o the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon orPerfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the faid l.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited aids and this Adt, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That if any Money Application fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ot Compen. laments, purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belong- fation whcn ing to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difabi- 2eooltljmd lity or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be Ids than the Sum of Two hundred exceeding Rounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then aof. and in all (uch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Peifon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in cafe of Infancy Idiotcy, or Lunacy, fo b' fignified in Writing under their re!p' £tive Hanus, be paid into the Bank ot England, in the Name and V'ith the Privi'v of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and he placed to his . Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hercin-before diiecftd, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid at the iik- Option, to Two Trultees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five of the irufhes for executing the faid recited A£ls and this A£l (fuch Nomination and Approoation to be fignified in Wilting under the Hands of the nominauug and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money,

and

£6$

Application of Compen-fation if Ids than jfe'20.

In cafe of not making out Tideaf

Where any

Queftion fhall ante touching the Title* to the Money to be

47° GEORGII m. Mia. Cap. 18.

and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore direrted fb fa as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being requ red to obtain the DiteQaon or Approbation of the Court of

Chancery,	\	s

XIII.	Provided aHb, and be it further enacted. That where fucb Monev fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned lhall be lei’s than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfnns who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits < f the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Pur poles of the faid redited Acts ai.d this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Trufte s lhall think fit, or in Cafe of Infancy, Idiotcv, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fb entitled refpertively.

XIV.	And be it further enarted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to vtiom any Sunt or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purehafe of any Linds', Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaled by virtue of the faid recited Arts and this Art, {hall refute to accept the Lute, ox fhall nor be ab)t to make a good Title to the Presinks to the Sadid-ichon of the faid Truflees y or in cafe fuch Perfon or Peilons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded as atbrefaid,cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perf ns entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or cKl’acvered, then and in every fuch Cafe it Ara l and mav be lsrwfuTto and for the faid Trultees to order the faid Sun* , or Si ms of Money fo awarded as afottliiid tiiibe paid into the Bank of England, in the tvhme and with the Privity of tbi&.Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parries interefttd in the faid Landsj Tenement, or Her*, ditamcnb fdcfcriblng them] fubjtft to the Order,Controul, and: Difpofition of the laid Court ql Chancer', which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of a'hy Pirfon or Perlons making Claim to‘luch.Sum or Sums of Money, of any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, Ihill be and is hereby empowered in a lommary Way ol Proceeding, or otherwiie as to the faid Court lhall feem meet, to order the fame to be iaid out, and invefted in the Public Ponds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment o£ the Dividends thereof, recording to the tefpertive Eftatc or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Preci fea as to thcTaiJ Court lhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England who lhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Mosey, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ule the fame is or are re-ce ved, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay aay fuch Sum or Sum* of Money into the Bank as aforefuid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enarted, That where any Queftion lhall arife touching the Title of any Periem to any Money te be paid in o the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity ol die Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuaqce of

;-i L _	9	this'	•

47*GE0RGI1 III. SeU. 2. Cap.i8.	369

this Aft, for thePurchafe of any Lands,Tenements,or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhali be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft;of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofedof accordingly, unlefsit (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that l'ome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Di lability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Purchafe Money of the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money ior fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, (hall be paid and difeharged out of any Money already collefted or received by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or out of the firft Monies to arife by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft in preference to all other Payments whatfoever ; and that after Payment thereof, the Tolls authorized to be collefted by the faid recited Afts and this Aft lhall, during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted, be and remain fubje t and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which (hall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid Tolls and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpeftively.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall commence upon the palling thereof, and lhall continue and be in Force, and be executed

ILoc, & Per. J	5 A	for

paid, the Perfon in Pofleflion (hall be deemed entit led thereto, unlefs, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reafonable Expences be paid by the Truftees.

For paying the Expence* of this Act.

Public Aft.

Commencement, &c. of Aft.

o

47° GEORGI1 ill. Sell'. 2. CV^.iS.

fo: and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Ads ; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majeftj. 1807.

; | 3 it > I | * 4 l! I

I

t:	•'	.	tbrriv'.-^b	.

q/Ij bifj'.'ll-hdrt- • fJl rfjj f- r‘ ►Miv/H lo jittutaid: ti*!

4

ofl 3<U

X- Tit'S"	/ >>•>
r*f>•**»	;
. ji j'i , ■/	t
«;• i# « lUilif. L	.
-t ‘Jittf V.	r-^rTl.)
sbteitW ,'t	i .i
■' !i liifirS' W? 4 *35!  ! O ' ■' Mil '0 4  * j • • . I VutUJ'J	, » t f  ii ? L *)/: r*t!f
b ill ■ . -0 Li&i dii. * .«	- -i
i.:r. ■ littniiVi •*<! fair.K .	?/:/
: bit;; t c attjt. -' 7 ^■ -il^ *	/. * -7.X
■ it ’ >» jn.,d ;.;«•/ wief’V;	
.snt  fob t. ii. i; /a sjb } 4	: •»
	r»-*
List -sfcqfcMaftttfld® ■!«»*«	IHott
	
ihsc >' | ntfUrM a £P	
i > ill :> v if	
ity -Tti bdi)1* A	■ .
l-'JtrX ti-.	P!fa*K»*
bit..: «pi|lgfbi| .--qj,	i- r t
. uliotiqfi ahitii' tf . • v	• 11 1

.

1	.	• '	V„1	\i-Hr.1

b-At ( ./vi,7S pjil * 1

iL b ... tJ.-.-M

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGI1 III. REGIS.

SefT. 2.

**************************************** *************

Cap. 19.

An Adt.for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an A<Et, of the Seventeenth of His pre-fent Majefty, for amending the Road from the South Eaft End of Loughborough, in the County of Lei-cejler, to Derby Bridge, near The Rujhes, and from thence to the South End of CavendiJJo Bridge, in the fame County.	[25th	July	1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pa'ffed in the Seventeenth Year of the

Reign of His piefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled, I? g. 3.0.107; An Ail for amending the Road from the South Eajl End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicefter, to Derby Bridge, near The Rulhes, and from the fa id Bridge to the South End of Cavendifh Bridge, m the fame County: And whereas the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid Aft have proceeded to put the fame in execution, and conft-derable Sums of Money have been borrowed, for the Purpofe of amending and keeping in Repair the faid Road, on the Credit of the Tolls di-rtfted to be taken thereon ; which Money full remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Road be effeftually kept in Repair unlefs the Term of the faid Aft is revived and further continued, and ibme of the Powers and Provifmns thereof altered, amended, and enlarged :

May it therefore pltafe Your Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be ic enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and C.onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ? q prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That therconti- ' the faid recited Aft, pafied in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of ITis iu'td-ptefent Majefty, and all and every the Powers, Provifions, Direftions,

Penalties, forfeitures, Claules, Matters, and Things therein contained,

[Loc. if Per.'}	5	B	"	'	and





ti

374

Truflees

Proceedings finct* the former A&s to be valid, and indemm-

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 19.

and which were in force immediately before the Expiration of the faid Term (except fucb as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) ftall be and are hereby declared to be revived, and fnall remain in force, and be exercifed and executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and PurpofcS as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, for the Purpofe of repairing and rendering more commodious the faid Road from the South Eaft End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicejler, to Derby Bridge, near The Rujhes, and from the faid Bridge to the South End of Cavendi/h Bridge, in the fame County j but fubjeft r.everthelcfs to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effeft upon the palling of this Aft; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby made fubjeft to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Creditor on account of the faid Aft, or of the Tolls thereby granted,or which fhall be hereafter bonowed on the Credit of the faid Aft and this Aft, or either cf them, and the Interefl due and to grow due for all fuch Money refpeftively, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofts as if all fuch Money and Interefl had been borrowed and become due upon the Credit or on account of the faid Aft and this Aft, or either of them. y:

II. And be it further enafted. That in addition to the Truflees named in or appointed under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft, Charles Vere Dajhwood, Charles Armand Dajhwood, Edward Dcnvfon, Edward Dawfcn junior, Henry Dawfon, Richard Chejlyn, Thomas Fijlser, Charles Thomas Hudfon, John Ha//on, John Herrick, Thomas Herrick, Thomas March Phillipps, Charles March Phillipps, Samuel March Phillipps, EJward Thomas March Phillipps, William March Phillipps, Henry Cranmtr March Phillipps, John Bainbrigge Story. Edmund Richard Story, and Nathaniel Story Efquires, the Reverend Philip Story, the Reverend Philip Latock Story, and the Reverend Samuel Dajhwood, Thomas Daily, Thomas Daily the younger, Charles Ghefiyn, Thomas Chejlyn, Richard Sutton junior, John Rich, William Townley, and William Toone, together with the Reftors for the Time being of Loughborough, Hathern, Long Whatton, Kcgwortb, and the Vicars for the Time being of Belton, Cajlle Donington, D/ezvertb, Lvckington and Sheepjhead, Edward Baftl Farnham, John Alifopp, John AJlill, Jc/ph Boultbee, William Bou'tbee, Edward Boyer, John Blunt, Robert Blunt, Walter Barrs, Thomas Barrs, James Boott, John Buckley, Jo-feph Almond Cropper, William Cooper, Henry Eddowes, James Ella, Samuel Ella, Daniel Farrcw, William Hall, Henry Holland, James Holland, Jelm Hunt, Charles Lacey, Joel Marjhall, William Middleton, Thomas Middleton, Thomas Barfoot Oliver, Jofcph Paget junior, William Paget, John Paget, William Rowland, Thomas Stone, Henry Watkinfon Whatton, John Watkin-fon Whatton, fhall be and they aie hereby alfo appointedTruftees for putting this and the faid recited Aft in execution, under and fubjeft to the Qualification Oath, and Penalty for afting if not qualified as in the laid recited Aft mentioned and exprefled.

HI. And be it further enafted and declared. That all Acts, Matters, and Things, which, fioce the Expiration of the Term of the faid recited Aft, have been done by the Truflees for executing the laid Aft, or any of them, or by any Colleftor cf the Tolls, or other Officer

or

47°GEORGII IIL ^Sdflf. 2. Cap. 19.	375.

or Perfon afting under them, touching or in Stay wife relating to the amend-	for

ing, widening, or repairing the faid Roads, or in the Exercife or fuppofed ha,ins aftH.

Exercife of any of the Powers or Provifions contained in the faid Aft, (hall

be as good, valid, and eflfeftual toali Intents and Purpofes, as if the Term

of the faid recited Aft had not expired; and that the faid Truftees, and

alfo the feveral Colleftors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Perlbns

employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having afted in the Col-

leftion or Receipt of the faid Tolls, or otherwife, relating to the faid

Roads, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as

they would have been if the faid Afts had remained in full Force and

Effeft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meeting*

Truftees for executing the laid Aft and this Aft it Ihali at any Time be	d

thought neceffary that an earlier Day (hould be appointed than the Day “nciet’ea r ro which the faid Meeting (hall have been adjourned, the Clerk, by an Her than the Order in Writing, ligned by any Three or more of the faid Truftees, men- raCuo turning the Time and Place and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, lhail by Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpike or Toll Gates then erefted on the

faid Road, or by an Advertifemenc to be inferred in fome one Newfpaper publifhed or circulated in the County of Leicefier, give Notice of the Time and Place which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees for fuch Meeting (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and all Proceedings of the faid Truftees at fuch Meeting (hall be as valid as they would have been in cafe the Truftees had met in purfu-ancc of Adjournment.

V.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees may, and they Power to are hereby empowered if they (hall think fir, to raile and make a Foot A Fv0* Path by the Side of and along the laid Road, for the Accommodation

of Foot Paffengers travelling the faid Road; and that every Perfon or Perfons riding or driving Cattle on the faid Foot Path, or otherwife injuring the fame, (hall on Conviftion before One Juftice of the Peace for the laid County on Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, forfeit and pay, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence, toJ gether with the Colls and Charges attending fuch Conviftion, and it (hall be lawful for the Juftice before whom fuch Conviftion lhail be had, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Correction in the fame County, there to remain for any Time, not exceeding Fourteen Days, unlefs he, (lie, or they lhail fooner pay the refpeftive Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the Conviftion and Commitment.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may fue and be Truftees may fued, for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuance of fue a?d be this Aft, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, for the Time NameVou* being; and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the clerk. Direftion of or againft the faid Truftees by virtue of this or the faid lall-mentioned Aft, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, fhail

abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Clerks, nor by the Aft of fuch Clerk or Clerks, without the Confent of the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Clarks, for the Time being to the faid Truftees (hall be deemed to be

Plaintiff

4/*GE0RGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 19.

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants the Cafe may be~] in every fuch Action or Suit.

^ II. And whereas it is expedient that the fevcral Exemptions from Payment of Toll allowed by the laid recited Act Ihould be repealed; be l it therefore enafted, That all and lingular the Exemptions from Toll granted and allowed by the laid Aft lhall be and the lame are hereby declared to be repealed; and that from and after the palling of this Aft no Perl'cn lhall be charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by the faid Aft for any Horfe or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, which lhall be going unladen for, or lhall be then uled only in conveying or returning unladen or empty after having been employed only in conveying Stone, Gravel, or other Materials ior the repairing any public Road or Highway ; or any Lime, Dung, Mould, or Comport for the manuring of any Garden, Land, or Ground; or for any Horfe or other Bead not drawing, which (hall be going unladen for. or lhall be then ufed only in carrying or returning unladen after having been employed only in carrying any luch Stone, Grave), cr other Materials, Lime, Dung, Mould, or Comport for the Purports aforefaid ; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or Cattle going for the Purports of or returning trorh the plowing, tilling, or fowing any Land or Ground, or which lhall be uled or employed only in the Carriage of or going empty or unhden for or returning empty or unladen, after having been employed only in carrying or drawing any Hay unfold and not for Sale, or any Com in the Straw unluld and not for Sale, cr any Straw or Wood for Fuel unfold and net far Sale, or for any Carriage or Cattle -going or palling with any Sull, Harrow, or any fuch Implement of Iluftundry or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pafture within the Diftanceof Two Miles; or fur any Horles or Cattle going to be or returning from being Ihoed or tamed ; nor lhall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Perlon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other PLce of religious Worfhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated 5 cr attending the Funeral of any Perfon that (hall die and be buried in any of the laid Panflies j or from any Clergyman going to or returning from viliting any fick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or minifterial Duty on Sunday, or on any other Djy on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated •, or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Defcription employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffcs under the Authority of His Majcrty’s Portmarter-Gener.il, either when employed in conveying, tetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes,or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers or Voluntters upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms and Baggage j or for any Horle, Mare, cr Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perlons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed tor and on the Days of Exercife, provided luch Pcrfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to rhe Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively at the Time of claiming luch Exemption as aforef id j or for Horles, Carts, or Waggons, employed in

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2, Gap. 19.

the Conveyance of Vagran’s fent by legal PafTes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caiafh, Chair or other Carriage, or the Hoifes or Cattle drawing them ; or for any Perfon on Horfeback going to or returning from any Eleftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament lor the laid County of Lekejler, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleftion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledion lhal! begin or be concluded ; nor (hall any Parifhioner of any of, the feveral Parilhea or Townlhips through which the laid Road paflts, be charged or chargeable in any Manner with Toll, at any Side Gate ereded or to be erefted or placed on the Side of the faid Road, by virtue of the faid Aft or this Ad-, and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame,every fuch Perlon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who by Law are or Stati fhall be liable to do Sra'tute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards bour repairing and amending the faid Road or any Part thereof, (hail ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Leicyler [as tht Cafe may be~\ and they are hereby required and empfiwered, upon Application made to them by the faid f'rullees, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes or Places in which the fame doth lie; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch -Sratute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her or them, paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer or Trealurers; and in order thereunto it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for fuch Parifh Or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices at fome Place to be expreff-td in f- ch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of lucK Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, dift nguiftiing the Nature of the Work to be done, whetherwith Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as are or may be direfted by any Law or Stature in Force or Effeft for the Repairs of the public Highways and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and lb many of the Perlbns who fhall appear fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the laid Road, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch 1 ime (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch- Part3 of the faid Road, as the faid Truftees br any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Tin.e to Time order, direft, and appoint and the faid Juftices fhall and may allb order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of cr as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices Ihsll think nroocr [Loc. & Per.'}	5	C	V	*	t9

37*

470 GEORG! I III.	Sc It 2. Cap. ic).

to the faid Trufters or their Treafurer, at fitch Time or Times as the faid Jultices (hall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (lull and may be rtcoveted by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the relpt&ive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is bv the laid Ad authorized or direded to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who (hall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the Paid Truftees, (hall for every Dav of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaultofany Laboureror Labourers,Team or Teams, Draught orDraughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be lubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Lawor Statute in Force orEffed for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labou er, or (halt be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the laid Trudees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to few move and difmils the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as afore-laid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be lubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had negleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught bad not been fent to work on ar.y Part of the faid Road, all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Trudees, and applied towards amending the laid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Jarifhes or Places fhall refufe or ncgled to give in fuch Lids as aforefaid, or Iball knowingly or wilfully give tn falle and imperfed Lids, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for everf fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

^c'om1'0"	And	be it further enaded. That if any Money (hall be paid or

ration if agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, amounting to or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uLd by virtue of the Powers of the faid Ad or this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which final I belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminidrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Tcodec, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Coved, or other Cejiui que Trud, or to any Perfon whofc Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ate limited in drid or other Sett ement, or to any Perfon under any other Dilabtiiry or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame lhail amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Cnancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truf-tecs for executing the faid Ad and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Bircdion and with the Approbation of ihe faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Edition to be preferred in a lummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the J_,and Fax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or luch other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to he paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands or Hereditaments ftanding fectlcd therewith to the fame or the like

Ufm,

379

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap,\9<

Ufrs, I items, or Purpofes j or where fuch Mom-y fhall not be fo applied then the Line (ball be laid out and inverted under the like Direc-tion and Approbation of the laid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed and lettled to, fur, arid upon fuch and the like Ul'es, Trolls, Intents, and Pur-poles, and in the lame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as afotefaid, flood fettled or limited,, or fuch of then; as at the '5 ime of making fiich Conveyance and Settlement lhail be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effedt; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fliall be made, the Lid Money (hall by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Lid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the laid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the Lid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the Lid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from l ime to Time be paid by Older of the faid Court to the Perfon or Pcrfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid Adi and this Act, in calc fuch Settlement or Purchafe were made.

5. Piovided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchalcd, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Perfon or Pcrfons, or to any Corporation, under any Difability or Incapacity as alorefiid, fliall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame lhail, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the 'lime being e>.titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committee?, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under (heir refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the laid Accountant Genetal of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or o-therwiL the fame lhail be paid at the like Option to Two Tiufites, to be nominated by the Pc Ion or Peifons making luch. Option, and approved of by Five of cheTrurtees for executing the faid Aft and this Act (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that luch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, maybe applied in any Manner hercin-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

XI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to bepaiJas next before-mentioned fhall be lefs than Iwcnry Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ulc of the Perfon or Peifons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents ar.d Profits ot the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adt and this Act, in luch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit* or in cafe

of

Applic ation of Compenfation if Ids than zool and not exceeding zoL

Application of C om pentagon Money if lefs than toU

3§0	47°	GEORGII III. Setf.2.	Cap.' 19.

of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her’ i r their Cui dian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of fuel) Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ivcly.

In cafe of not XII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to Titles* °Ut w^or'1 any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid Adi; and this Adi, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfadlion of the laid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Peifon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounrant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties incerefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [c/^rr£/»g/i>«w],fubje£t to the Order, C ntroul,and Difpofition of the faid Court cf Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Ptrfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or orherwife, as to the faid Court fhall Lem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Pay. ment cf the Dividends thereof, according to the relpeftive Eftate or Fftares, Title, cr Intereft of the Peifon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, ai d to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft ar.d reafunable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying lor what and for whofe Ule the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money info the Bank as aforefaid.

Where ary XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any ap^touchin* Qu<?^'on	U!	touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money

the Th e to to be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the jhc aidn<th=t0 Priv“y	Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pur-

Per?ons who fuance cf this Aft, f r the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or He-fhail be in leditamenrs, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tc* fh- Lands" foments, Or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid Act fhall be and this Aft, cr to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fich Mo-entided there- nt*y* or 'iie Dividends or Intereft of any fuel) Bank Annuities, the Perfon untouiikfs, or Perfons who (hallhave been in Poffcffion of fuch Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments, at the Time of luch Purchare, and all Perfons claiming undet fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofiefliort of uch Pcrlon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofieflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft; of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alio the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (ball be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the L:d Court that fuch Pofteftion was a wrongful Pofteflibn, and thac 01	fume



47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 19.	381

fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate 01 lntereft therein,

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That where by reafon of The court of any Difabiliiy or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corp ration, en-

tided to any L.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under reatonabla the Authority of the faid Aft and th.s Aft, the Purrhafe Money for the f °u> fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be paid by applied in the Pprchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Truftees. to be fettled to the like Ufes in puriuance of the la d Aft and thi' Act, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Couit of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes fiom Time to Time to be made in pur-fuance of the faid Aft and this Aft, or fomuch of iuch Expences as the faid Court fliall deem reafonable, to be paid by the fa)d Truftees out of the M nies to be received by virtue of the (aid Aft and this Aft, who (ball from Time toTime pay l'uch Sums pf Money for fuch PurpoLs as the faid Court (ball direft.

XV.	And whereas Offences may be committed againft the Laid Aft or Coiieaor* this Aft by Perfons unknown to the Colkftor.', Surveyors, < r other Of- oihcerTrrnj fleers appointed by the Rid Truftees; be it therefore enacted, 1 hat it lhall t.ike ortend-be lawful for any of the faid Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers re- “^without fpeftively, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall cail to his before a Ma-or their Aflittance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Aft, giftrate.

to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons who lhall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take him, htr, or them before any Juftice for the County and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall have been committed; and luch Juftice is hereby empowered and di-redted to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige luch Perfon or Perfons fo offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next t’etty Seffion to be hoiden within and for the County in which fuch Offence or Offences fhall have been committed, to anfwer the faid Complaint; and the Juftices prefent at fuch Petty Seffion, or any Two or more of 'hem, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine every Complaint for Offences againft this and the faid Aft, or either of them, in a fummary way ; and upon Convidtion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Juftice before whom he, {he, or they fhall be firft taken, or by the Juflices at luch Petty Selfion as aforefaid, it (ball be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices refpeftively to commit him, htr, or them to the Lloufe of Correftion in the fame County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty Days, unlefs he, fhe, or they lhall fconer pay the refpective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the Convidtion and Commitment.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fhall arile touching or in anywife relating to the Tolls by the faid Aft of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Mnjefty authorized to be collected on the faid Road, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the fame, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo ap-

[Loc. & Per.']	5	D	pointed

CoIIe&ors of Toils, See. may be competent Wit-nelies.

382

For paying tbe E... tnces of palling Aft.

Publick Aft.

Commence* ment and Continuance •t the Aft.

47* GEORG II III. Seff.2. Cap. 19.

pointed to collect the laid Toils, or acting under the Authority of the fold

T ultces.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Cells, Charges, and Expences incider.t to and attending the obtaining and palling this Act, fliajl be paid and difeharged out of any Money already collected or received by viitue of the laid Act, oi out of the firft Monies to arife by virtue of the laid Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatloever.

XVIII.	And he it further enacted. That this Act fliail be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juilices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Aft lhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be revived, and that this Aft lhall commence upon the palling thereof, and lhall, together with the faid Aft, continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament,

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

»*#***#3!E*4|fi)E*******#«*)K****5|t****«********************

Cap. 20.

An A£l for repairing and keeping in Repair feveral Roads in the County of Perth. [25th july 1807.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from Locbearnbead towards Perth by Comrie, Monievaird, Strowan, Hojh Monzie, and Crieff, and the Road from Loch Tayftde, towards Dumblane by Glenlednaig,

Comrie, Glenlich-horn, Ardocb, and Kinbuck, within the County of Perth, have become, in many Places, fo deep and ruinous, that Travellers can* not pafs along the fame without great Inconvenience, Delay, and Danger; and it has been found, by Experience, that the Statute Labour which is applicable to the Repairs thereof is wholly inefficient to make the ne-ceffary Alterations and Repairs thereon, or to keep them in proper Condition and Repair, when fo made and repaired, and for making neceffiary Bridges thereon: And whereas it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Public were the faid Roads effedlually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the neceffary Bridges eredted and maintained thereon: but the fame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enadled, and be it enadted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Juftices TruR««, of the Peace, Commiffioners of Supply, and Heritors of the County of Perth, being in the aftual Pofieffion of Lands valued in the Cefs Books of the faid County, at One hundred Pounds Scots and upwards, of valued Rent, as alfo the Chief Magiftrate of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth, and Royal Burgh of Culrojs for the Time being, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed Truftees for furveying, ordering, repairing, and keeping in Repair the faid Roads; and for building and keeping in Repair [Iw. fc? Per.]	5	E	the

386

Penalty on aftinp, if not qualified.

TruRees not to hold any Place of Profit.

No Viflual-ler, &c. to hold any Place of Profit under this Adi. Time and Place of general Meetings and Order of Procedure.

TruRees >o appoint Officers ;

and to re. tnove them, find appoint

47e GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

the Bridges thereon; and for putting in Execution all the other Towers and Authorities in and by this Aft given and and granted.

II.	And be it enafted. That if any Ferfon not qualified as aforefaid, fiiall neverthelefs prefume to aft as a Truftee, every fuch Perfon, fhall for every fuch afting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sreriing, be-fides the Expence ol Profecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a fummary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor of the laid County, before the Juftices of the Peace at their Quarter Seffior.s, or before the Sheriffs Depute or Subftitute of Pertbjhire-, which Penalty fiiall be paid to the Truftees aforefaid, to be applied by them for repairing the faid Roads, and in cafe any fuch Complaint (hall be brought, the Proof of Qualification fiiall lie upon the Perfon complained of.

III.	And be it enafted, That if any of the faid Truftees (hall accept or hold any Place of Profit arifing out of this Aft, by reafon of any T0U9 or Duties hereby granted, he fiiall be incapable of afting as a Truftee during his Enjoyment of fuch Place of Profit; and that no Viftualler or Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors fhall be capable of holding or enjoying any Office of Truft, Profit, or Colleftion under this Aft.

IV.	And be it enafted, That the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, fhall hold their firft ftated or General Meeting by virtue of this Aft, on the Fourth Monday after the pafting of this Aft, or as fbon thereafter as conveniently may be at Perth, and their Second ftated General Meeting on the Day on which the next Michaelmas Meeting of the Freeholders of the faid County of Perth is held, and (hail thereafter hold Two general ftated Meetings at Perth in each Yejr during the Continuance of this Aft, one upon the Day on which the Commiffioners of Supply fhall meet for affeffing the Land Tax on the faid County, and the other upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the faid Country, with Power to the faid Truftees, or Majority of tholir prefent at any of the faid ftated or general Meetings, to adjourn to fuefi other Time and Place as they fhall think convenient, with Power to name a Committee of their Number, being Heritors of the refpeftivs Pariflies through which the Roads pafs, or Creditors on the faid Roads to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Sterling, to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts of the faid Roads, ar.j to give their Committees, (whereof Three to be a Quorum,) luch In-flruftions and Powers as they fhall think fit and expedient, not being in-confiftent with the Powers by this Aft given.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it fiiall and may be lawful to anil for the faid Truftees, at a General Meeting afiembled as aforefaid, to chufe and appoint fit Perfons to be Treafurer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Colleftor or Colleftors, and Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Aft; and alfo one or more fit Perfon or Perfons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Roads, or fuch other Officers as they fhall think proper; and, from Time to Time, to remove luch Treafurers, Receivers, Colleftors, Clerks, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, and tr> appoint new ones in cafe of Death or Removal 1 and all and every Perfon

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 20.	3^7

or Perfons, who is, are, or (hall be liable, by this Aft, to pay the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, are hereby required to pay the fame unto the 0 eal ’ c* faid Colleftor or Colleftors, Receiver or Receivers fo to be appointed, from Time to Time, as aforefaid; and the Perfon or Perfons appointed Colleflor* as aforefaid, for receiving the Tolls or Duties, and alfo fuch Surveyor or and Surveyors (hall on the firft Tuefday of every Month, or at any other “"^counti. Time to be appointed by the faid Truftees, during the Continuance of this Aft, give in a true, particular, exaft, and perfeft Account, in Writing, under their refpeftive Hands, with their refpeftive Vouchers, of all Money which he or they, every or any of them have received, paid and difburfcd by virtue of this Aft, by reafon of their refpeftive Offices, and verify the fame upon Oath, if required; and in cafe any overplus Money, fo received, ffiall remain in their, or any of their Hands, they ffiall pay the lame in to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they, at a General Meeting afiembled, ffiall authorize and appoint to receive the fame, to be laid out and applied for the Purpofes of this Aft j and the faid Truftees at a General Meeting afiembled, ffiall Truftees to and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the a_j|°"

Money arifing from the faid Tolls or Duties, to make fuch Allowances ficer5>

to the Officers, fo appointed by them, for and in conflderation of their

Care and Pains in the Execution of the faid refpeftive Offices, and to

fuch other Perfon or Perfons, who ffiall have been, or may be affifting in

making and repairing the faid Roads as aforefaid, by advancing or laying

out any Monies, or otherwife relating thereto, as unto them ffiall feem

good : And in cafe the faid Colleftor or Colleftors, Receiver or Re- Officers not

ceivers, or any other Perfon or Perfons concerned in the Colleftion or

Receipt of the aforefaid Tolls or Duties, or any of them, ffiall not make payment,&c.

fuch Account and Payment unto fuch Perfon cr Perfons, according to

the Order and Direftion of the laid Truftees, at a general or adjourned Truftees to

Meeting afiembled, that then it ffiall be lawful for any Two or more ‘nftulre ,nt0

Juftices of the Peace, for the faid County, to make Inquiry of and con- the DcJault»

cerning fuch Default, as well by the Confeffion of the Parties themfelvcs,

as hy the Teftimony of one cr more credible Witnefs or Witnefies, upon

Oath, (which Oath any one of the faid Juftices is hereby empowered to

adminifter,) or by other legal Evidence : And if any Perfon or Perfons antJt° levy

ffiall be convicted of the Offence aforefaid, by the laid Juftices, they the sum^e**1*

faid Juftices ffiall and they are hereby empowered to impofe and levy the

Sum of Money unduly detained or mifapplied : And in cafe fuch Perfon

or Perfons ffiall refufe, or be unable to pay the faid Sum of Money fo

detained or mifapplied by him or them, then, and in fuch Cafe, it ffiall

and may be lawful to and for the faid Juftices to commit fuch Perfon or

Perfons to one of the common Gaols of the County, there to remain

until he, ffie, or they fliall have made and rendered a true and particular

Account and Payment as aforefaid ; or until he, ffie, or they ffiall have

compounded and agreed with the faid Truftees, (which Compofition they

are hereby empowered to make,) and have paid fuch Compofition to the	.

Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, or fuch Perfon or Perfons

as the faid Truftees ffiall appoint; provided always that fuch Imprifon-

ment ffiall not exceed Six Calendar Months.

"V I. And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees ffiall, and they are	to

hereby required to take fuch Security from the Treafurers or Colleftors, ttkeSecurity Receiver or Receivers, or other Perfon or Perfons, to be appointed to

Offices rM Ufe,V

3^8

Account to be kept of the Money •tod Application thereof.

Quorum of Truftees.

47* GEORGII III. Se-ff. 2. Cap. 20.

Offices of Truft for the Purpofes of this Aft, for the due Execution of their faid Offices, as to the Paid Truftees fhall feem meet.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That the laid Truftees fhall keep an exaft Account of the Money received by virtue of this Aft, and the Ap-lication thereof, and all other their Proceedings; and enter the fame in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpole; to which Book or Books any of the Truftees above-mentioned, fhall, at all reafonable Times, be at liberty to refort and infpeft the lame, without any Fee or Reward.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Quorum of the Truftees necefiary to do Bufinefs in General Meetings Ihall be three; but if only one, or any Number lefs than three fhall be prefent at any of the ftated, or other general Meetings, fuch Truftee or Truftees fhall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and in that Cafe, Notice fhisll be given of the Day, Place, and Purpofe of fuch adjourned Meeting, by two feveral Adver-tifements, in fome Newfpaper publifhed at Perth, and in default thereof in fome Newfpaper publifhed in Edinburgh; the firft of fuch Advertife-ments being at ieaft fourteen Days before the Day of fuch adjourned Meeting; and the Clerk of the faid Truftees fhall have Power, and he is hereby required, when direfted, by a Writing under the Hands of any two or more Truftees, to call, at any Time, a General Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpofe of the Meeting; and at fuch Meetings no Bufinefs fhall be entered or decided upon, other than what is fpecified in the Notice given as aforef'aid; and it fhall not be in the Power of any ftated or General Meeting to relcind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former ftated or General Meeting, unlefs previous Notice of the Intention of fo doing, and the Time and Place of the Meeting, be given by Advertifements in fuch Newfpaper as aforefaid; and at all their Meetings the Truftees prefent fhall defray their own Expences.

IX.	And be it enafted. That it fhall be in the Power of the Convener or Prefes of any Committee, named by any General Meeting, to call, at any Time, a Meeting of fuch Committee, at any Place within any Parifh in which any Part of the Diftrift of Road committed to the Charge of fuch Committee fhall be fuuated, on giving Notice, in Writing, at the ufual Place of Refidence of each Member of fuch Committee, if within any Parifh of fuch Diftrift, at leaft eight Days before the Day of fuch Meeting.

Trulleej	X. And be it further enafted, and declared, That the faid Truftees

may fue and may fUCj or be fued, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Executive Name of t‘on t*1's ^ftj 'n Name the*r Clerk or Treafurer, for the Time their Clerk being; and that no Aftion or Suit wherein the faid Truftees fhall be •r Treafurer. concerned as Purfuers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, by virtue of this Aft, fhall abate by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Treafurer; but that the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees, for the Time being, fhall be deemed to be the Purfuer or Defender, (as the Cafe may be,) in every fuch Aftion.

For fretting XI. And be it enafted. That the faid Truftees at their firft Meeting, Turnpikes. or at any 0f the ftated Meetings afiembled, or at a Meeting adverrifed tor t J	that

Special Meetings of Committees.

3*9

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

that fptcia! Purpofe, may dirett and authorize Turnkike Gates or Toll Bars to be erected acrofs any Part of the faid Roads, and fuch Number of Toll-Houles as they fhall think fit, and may authorize their Collectors or Tackfrren, under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the faid Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, before any Paffage be permitted, the refpettive Tolls and Duties following ; that is to fay :

For each Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calalh, Chaife, Chair, Hearfe, Rates 0f th« or other fuch Carriage, if drawn by fix or more Horfes, or Beads of Tolls. Draught, the Sum of fix Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by five or • four Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of tour Shillings Sterling; and if driwn by three Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by two Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by one Horfe, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of one Shilling Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, if drawn by fix or more Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of four Shillings '

Sterling; and if drawn by five Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by Four Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by three Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling; and if drawn by two Horfes, or Beads of Draught, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and if drawn by one Horfe, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Ninepence Sterling:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with or without a Rider, loaded or not loaded, and not drawing, the Sum of Fourpence . Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or fmaller Number :

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of one Shilling Sterling per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or fmaller Number; and the faid Trudees fhall caufe a Table of the Tolls to be printed and affixed upon, or near each Turnpike Gate, or . Toll-Houfe; for the Information of all concerned.

XII.	And be it further emitted, That the faid Trudees fhall, if they Weighing find it neceffary, caufe weighing Engines to be eretted upon fuch Parts Engines to of the faid Roads as they fhall think fit, for weighing all Carriages which be eret*e<J< fhall pafs along,the faid Roads, and to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money, as additional Tolls,.foe every Hundred Weight of one hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, fhall weigh, at any of the faid weighing Engines, over and above the Weights which fuch Waggon, Cart or Carriage is allowed to weigh, without paying additional Toll, that is to fay :

For the firfl and fecond Hundred, of fuch Over-Weight, the Sum of Addition*!

Threepence Serling, for each Hundred:	Tolls on

For every Hundred, of fuch Over-Weight above two Hufidred, and not h.cavrCtr-exceeding five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:	riage*.

For every Hundred of fuch Over-Weight above five Hundred, and not exceeding ten Hundred, the Sum of two Shillings andSixpence Sterling:

[Lee. Ptr.}	SF	For

390

Weight of Carriages, ire in Summer and Winter, which will be permitted to pafs without paying additional Tolls.

Breadth of Wheels.

4.7® GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

For every Hundred, of fuch Over-Weight, above ten Hundred, and not

exceeding fifteen Hundred, the Sum of five Shillings Sterling:

And for every Hundred, of fuch Over-Weight, above fifteen Hundred,

the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling:

And that before they refpe&ively fhall be permitted to pafs through fuch Turnpike Gate, or Toll Bar; and the fame fhall be applied as the other Tolls are by tnis Aft directed to be applied; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (ball hinder or obftruft the weighing of any luch Carriages as aforefaitf, fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeic the Sum of ten Shillings Sterling.

XIII.	And be it ensiled, That every Waggon, Cart or Carriage fhall be allowed to pafs without paying any additional Toll, provided it, with its Loading, does not weigh more than the Weights following, vide/iitl, Evcrv Waggon, or four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of fixteen Inches rolling on an even Surface eight Tons in Summer, and feven Tons in Winter; for every Waggon or Wain, having the Axeltrees thereof of fuch different Lengths, that the Diftance from Wheel to Wheel, of the nearer Pair of the faid Wheels, be not more than four Feet two Inches, to be meafured at the Ground ; and that the Diftance from Wheel to Wheel, of the other Part thereof, be fuch, thac the fore and hind Wheels of fuch Waggons and Wains, fhall roll only one fingle Surface or Path of fixteen I nches wide, at the leaft, on each Side of the faid Waggons or Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or Sole thereof, fix tons ten hundred in Summer, and fix tons in Winter} for every Waggon or four-wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, fix tons in Summer, and five Tons ten Hundred in Winter; for every Cart, having the Fellies of the fame Dimenfions, three Tons in Summer, and two Tons fifteen Hundred in Winter; for every Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom, of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of fix Inches, four Tons five Hundred in Summer, and three Tons fifteen Hundred in Winter; and for every luth Waggon, fo conftruihd as to roll and actually rolling a Surface of eleven Inches by the Wheels thereof, five Tons ten Hundred in Summer, and five Tons in Winter; for every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the fame Dimenfions, threeTons twelve Hundred in Summer, and three Tons feven Hundied in Winter; for every Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than fix inches, three Tons ten Flundred in Summer and three Tons in Winter; and for every Cart, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the fame Dimenfions, one Ton ten Hundr.d in Summer, and one Ton feven Hundred in Winter; and that for the leveral Purpofes aforefaid, it fhall be deemed Summer from the firft Day of May to the thirty firft Day of Oftober, both Days in-clufive; and Winter from the firft Day of November to the thirtieth Day of April, both Day:, inciufivc.

XIV.	Provided always that every Cart drawn on Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches and upwards in the Tread or Fellies, and every Waggon with Wheels of the laid Breadth, where the hind Wheels roll in the fame Track with the fore Wheels, or with Wheels of fix Inches broad, with the hind Wheels rolling in a different Track from the fore W heels, io as to roll at leaft nine Inches on each Side, (hall be iuffered

to

39*

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

to pafs on paying two-thirds of the Sum which would otherwife be payable for fuch Carriage; and that every Waggon drawn on Wheels of the (aid Breadch, with the hind Wheels rolling in a different Track from the fore Wheels, foas to roll at lead fourteen Inches on each Side, fhali be differed to pafs on Payment of one Half of the Sum which would otherwife be payable for fuch Waggon; but no Carriage (hall be entitled to any of thefe Exemptions except fuch as have the Tier of their Wheels counicrfunk in placing the fame on the Fellies, in fuch Manner that the Nails (hall not rife above the Surface, and the Sole or Surface of the Wheels quite flat.

XV.	And be it enafted, That where any Drag-iron or other Inftru- Drag-iron* ment, (hail be affixed under the Bottom or Sole of the Wheel or Wheels

of any Waggon or other Carriage palling along the faid Roads, to make fr||jfS 0f the Paffage of fuch Waggon or Carriage more lafedown deep Hills, every wheel*, fuch Drag-iron or other Indrument (hall be flat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and (ball not be of let's Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the fame (hall be affixed, on pain of the Owner of every fuch Waggon or other Carriage forfeiting any Sum not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling at every Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar through which fuch Waggon or other Carriage (hall pafs,

XVI.	And be it enafted, That Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars may be when Toll* erefted, and Tolls levied at Crieff, Bridgend of Crieff, Bridge of Turret, may he and Bridge of Hcfh, at any Time from and after the pafling of this Adi, levied, but no Toll Bar (hall be eredled, or Toll levied on any other Part of the

faid Roads, until fufficient Security (hall be found entered in the Books of the Quarter Seffions, that a Sum of Money fufficient to make fix Miles ot luch Road in i proper Manner fhali be laid out upon it within Three Years.

XVII.	And be it enadied, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Tolls may Trudees, and they ate hereby empowered, in cafe the State of any or all be leff-ned of the faid Roads, and of the Funds for repairing the fame, fhali render and raifed fuch a Mealure expedient, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, of ,Sam* which one calendar Month’s Notice lhall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars which (hall be then erefted up.

on fuch Roads, and thrice in fome Newfpaper publiffied at Perth, or in default thereof, in fome Newfpaper publiffied at Edinburgh, to leffen or reduce aU t>r any of the Tolls hereby granted for and during fuch Space as the (aid Trudees (hall think proper, and afterwards, at any Meeting to be held as aforefaid, if they (hall lee Occafion, to advance all or any of the Tolls fo lelfened to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rates hereby granted: Provided always that where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Toils granted by this Aft lhall not have been paid and dilcharged, no fuch Tolls (hall be leffened or reduced without the Gonlent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five-flxths of the Money remaining due upon fuch Tolls.

XVIlh And be it enafted. That if any Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars Toll, to be lhall be erefted within alefs Didance of each other than fix Statute Miles, paid only then every Perfon paying atone Gate or Bar (hall receive a Ticket which °"fe ln fir (hall entitle luch Perfon to paf» through the next Gate or Gates, or Bar

392

Tills to be paid only once a-day *t the fame Gate.

Tttiftces to compound With Pcrfons living within three Miles of a Turnpike.

Exemptions from Toil.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. zo.

or Bars, with the fame Carriage or Cattle, without paying, if fucli Gate or Gates, or Bar or Bars, be '“ithin fix Statute Miles of the Gate or Bar at which Payment was made : Provided always that the faid Exemptions (hall only take place in the Cafe of any Perlon or Perfons continuing to travel on the fame Line of Road.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons having paid the Tolls or Duties hereby granted at any of the faid Gates or Bars (hail, on the fame Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Ni^ht to Twelve of the Clock in the iucceeding Night,) be Tubjecft or liable to pay the faid Tolls or Duties again at the fame Gate or Bar for the fame Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calafh, Chaife,Chair, Hearfe, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or anv other Sort of Cattle for which fuch Tolls or Duties dial! have been paid for the next Time of palling or repalling the fame;

XX.	And be it enafled, That the Trultees at a General Meeting af-feinbled lliall be, and thev are hereby empowered, as they fhall fee convenient or think fir, to compound or agree by the Year orotherwife, with ~nv Perfon or Perfons ufing to travel through the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, and living within three Miles of any of them, with any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calalh, Chaife, Chair, Hearfe, Wag. gon. Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any other Sort of Cattle, for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid quarterly or monthly, from Time to Time after fuch Agreement is made; and thac Copies of all fuch Agreements or Compofitions, fo to be made by the faid Trultees as afore find, ihall be entered at length in a Book or Books (o be kept for that Purpole by their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Trealurers, which faid Bcok or Books fhall be feen and perufed by any Perfon or Perfons whatloever, at all feafonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That no Toll whatfoever Ihall be demanded or taken, for anv Carriage, Horfes, or Cattle, loaded with any Materials for making or repairing the faid Roads, or.any other Public Roads; or for building, or repairing, Bridges, Toll Houfes, or Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, within the faid County of Perth, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for any Horfes or Cattle going to Water or Paf-ture in, or upon the Farm or Farms in which any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar may Hand, nor from any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from Churcn, Chape), or otherjPlace of Religious Worfnip tolerated by Law, and fuuaeed within the Parilh where fuch Perfons refide, upon a Sunday, or other Day on which Divine Worfhip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from Perfons attending the Funeral of any Perfon who Ihall be buried in any of the Parifhts lying in whole, or in part, within the.faid County; nor for any Hearfe, or other Machine, conveying the Body of fuch Perfon, nor from any Clergyman going to, or returning from his Minifterial or Parochial Duty, within the Parilh of which he is Minifler; nor for any Horfe or Carriage going to or from any Smith’s Shop to beihodor farried, palling through any Gate within one Statute Mile of fuch Shop; nor for Carts or Carriages carrying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty alter carrying or

conveying

391

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

conveying any Corn, Hay, Straw, Manure, or Implements of Hufbandry to or from any Field through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar, fituated on any Farm to which the faid Corn, Hay, Straw, Manure, or Implements belong, nor Corn of any Kind fent to or returning from Mills or Kilns, manufadtured for the foie Ufe of Perfons refiding within one Statute Mile from the Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar; nor for any Horles or Carriages of whatever Defcription employed, or to be employed, in carrying the°Mails of Letters and Expreffes, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning from conveying the fame ; nor for the Horfes or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers, upon their March, or upon Duty; nor for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arm; or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any fick, wounded, or difabled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying and conveying the fame; nor tor any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furniffied by, or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercil'e; Provided always, that fuch Perfons (Hall be dreffed in the Uniform of their refpedtive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps yefpedtiveiy ; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals, fent with legal Paffes, or returning from conveying the lame; and if any Perfon (Hall claim, or take the Benefit of any of the faid Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the Lme, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXII.	And be it enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, to eredt, or caufe to be eredted, one or more Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, on the Side or Sides of the faid Roads, and acrofs any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, and alfo a Toll-Houfe or Toll-Houles, at each fuch Gate or Bar, and there to take and receive fuch Tolls or Duties as are by this Adt granted and made payable, but fo as that a Ticket received at any fuch Side Gate or Bar, (hall entitle the Receiver thereof to pafs through the nexcGate or Bar, (upon that Line of Road,) pa the fame Day, toll-free, if within fix Miles.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That the Money to be raifedand colledted as aforefaid, ffiall be, and is hereby declared to be veiled in the faid T ruftees, and the fame, and every Part thereof lhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and afligned to and for the feveral Ufes and Purpofes by this Adt diredled, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby-granted and made payable; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negledt or refule to pay the fame, the faid Truftees are hereby empowered by them-felves, or luch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall authorize and appoint, to levy each and every of the faid Tolls and Duties by Diftrefs and Sale of any Horfe or Horfes, or other Cattle or Goods upon which fuch Tolls or Duties are by this Adt impofed, or by Diftrefs and Sale of any other of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo refufing to pay the faid Toils or Duties; and to keep fuch Goods and Chattels, fo diftrained,

iUt.VPT.1	sG	until

May ereft fide Bari.

Tolls vefted ia Truftees.

394

Truftees at a general Meeting im-powered to let Tolls by Leafe, for a Term not exceeding three Years.

47°.GEORGII III. SciE 2. Cap. 20.

until fuch Toll or Duty, with the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs, fhall be paid ; and ic lhail and may be lawful to and for the Pcrfon or Persons, fo diftraining, after the Space of four Days after fuch Diftrefs (lull be made and taken, to appraife and fell the Goods fo diftrained, returning the Overplus, (if any there be) upon demand, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls or Duties, and the reafonable Charges of diftraining, keeping and felling the lame (ball be dedu&ed and paid.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That the Paid Truftees, at a general Meeting aflembled, are hertby authorized and empowered, by Public Audion, to let the faid Tolls and Duties in whole or in Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this A6f, by Leafe or other-wife, for any Term not exceeding three Years, for the higheft Kate or Rates they can get for the fame, to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons as fhall, from Time to Time, give fuch good and fufficient Security, for paying thereof, as (ball be approved by the faid Truftees.

Truftees	XXV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid

Mooneyon°the Truftees, over and above the Money fubferibed, or to be fubferibed, to Tolls.	borrow, at legal Intereft, fuch Surn or Sums of Money, as they fhall

judge to be neceflary, on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at all or any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, to be eredteG by virtue of this Adt, to be laid out for the Purpol'es thereof j provided that the whole Amount of the Money, fo borrowed, fhall not, ac any one Time, exceed Ten Thoufand Pounds Sterling ; which Money, fo borrowed, fhall be applied and difpofed of by the faid Truftees, at general Meetings aflembled, in making and repairing the laid Roads, creding Toll Houfes, Turnpike Gates and Toll Bars, and defraying the other Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution; and if, at any Time, the principal Monies, to be burrowed as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, fhall be paid off, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, at general Meetings aflembled, from Time to Time, to borrow again any Sum or Sums of Money in like Manner as aforefaid, fo that the whole of the Money, which fhall be due and owing, upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, do not exceed, at any one Time, the original Sum hereinbefore authorized to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls hereinbefore granted and made payable: Provided always, that five Truftees, at leaft, fhall be perfonally prelent at all Meetings relative to the borrowing of Money.

;es may the

in Scot Mo. orrotv-

lents

itered

uk.

Securities to be transferable by lit-

do.fe menu

XXVI. Ar.d be it enadled. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to afiign the whole, or any Part of th« Tolls and Duties by this Ad impoled, to the Perfon or Perfons from whom the Money as aforefaid fhall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money fo lent by them, with the Intereft thereupon ; and the Afligr.ments of the Tolls and Duties for Money fo borrowed fhall be entered in a Book, to be kept by the faid Truftees, or fuch Perfons as they fiiall appoiot, which Book may be feen and perilled at all reafonable Times by any Truftee or Subfcriber, without Fee or Reward ; and the Securities to be granted by the faid Truftee* for the Purposes aforefaid, lhail be transferable by Indorfement, duly fubferibed by the Party transferring, in the Prefence of one or more fubfcribing Witnefs or Witneffes.

XXVII, Provided

4:7* GEORG 11 lit: SefT. 2. Cap. 20.

XXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money fha’l be borrowed by the faid Truftees on the Credit of the laid Tolls and Duties, unlefs a written Notice of fuch Purpofe, under the Hand of the Clerk of the faid Truftees, (hall be affixed on every Turnpike Gate or Toil Bar to be erected by virtue of this Aft, at lead fourteen Days before the Meeting at which fuch Money is to be borrowed, and unlefs fuch Notice (hall alfo be publiffied in one Newfpaper publiffied in Perth, or in default thereof, in one Newfpaper publiffied in Edinburgh, alfo fourteen Days before fuch Meeting.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, at their firft, or any fubfequent general Meeting, to inquire into, and afeertain what Lands in the Neighbourhood of the faid Roada will be benefited by the faid Roads, and to make up a Schedule thereof, (a Copy of which Schedule ffiall be delivered to each Proprietor of Lands contained in fuch Schedule, either perfonally, or left at his ordinary Dwelling Place one Calendar Month at lead, previous to any AfTeirment founded thereon, as herein after-mentioned being made); and it ffiall and may be lawful for any fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, if he, (he, or they, ffiall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved, by the Manner of making up fuch Schedule, to apply for Redrefs to the Sheriff Depute, or Subftitute, of the County of Perth, or to the Court of Seffion, at any Time within three Months after fuch Schedule ffiall have been fo delivered as afore faid, but not afterwards ; and if no Application for Redrefs ffiall have been made within the faid three Months, the faid Schedule ffiall not afterwards be liable to be altered ; but it ffiall be lawful to the faid Truftees at the End of fuch three Months, to affefs upon the Lands contained in fuch Schedule, in proportion to their Valuation in the Cefs-Books of the County of Perth, the Amount of theefiimated or contrafted Expence, of making the faid Roads and building the faid Bridges; which Affeff-ment ffiail be levied at the fame Time with, and in the fame Manner at the Land Tax is levied; and which Affeffment ffiall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls by this Aft granted; and the faid Truftees are hereby required to aflign the Toils by this Aft granted, as Security for fuch Affelt ment fo levied as aforefaid, with the legal Intereft thereon, from the Tim» of its being levied till Payment; and the Perfons paying fuch Affeffment, on account of Lands contained in fuch Schedule, ffiall be entitled to charge on, and receive from the Tenants of fuch Lands on account of which luch Affeffment ffiall be levied, whofe Leafes ffiall bear Date prior to the pafling of this Aft, one Half of the Intereft cf fuch Affeffment, (in proportion to the real Rents paid by fuch Tenants,) during the Time that luch Affeffment ffiall not be repaid, or of fuch Part thereof as ffiall not be repaid; and all Perfons being Proprietors of entailed Lands, included in fuch Schedule, ffiall be entitled to borrow fuch Sums fo levied on the Credit and Security of the faid entailed Lands; which Sums fo borrowed ffiall continue a Burden on the faid entailed Lands till repaid out of the Toll Duties hereby granted.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who has, or have (ubferibed, or who ffiall fubferibe towards the making and repairing of the Roads by this Aft intended to be made and repaired, ffiall after fourteen Days’ Notice, given by any Perfon or Perfons authorized by the faid Truftees, to receive and recover the Subfcription Money,

395

Notices to be given of borrowing Money.

May levy

Money by Afieflmenc on Lands benefited.

Upon Ne-gleft or Re-fufal to pay the Subfcription Mohey, th«

396

fame may be recovered by Suit at Law.

Trullees not

perfonally

liable.

Perfons by law charge, able towarda repairing Roads, to remain chargeable. Trufteei may compound with them.

Application

•/Tolls.

The Pay-

mentof the Principal and Intereft of the Sums fubfcribed, poftponed.

Former Subfcrip-tions and Advances to be fecured on Toll*

47* GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 20.

negleft, or refufe to pay the fame, by him, her, or them, fubfcribed, to the Perfon or Perfons fo authorized, it fhall be lawful for fuch Pcrfon or Perfons, and he or they are hereby required to fue for and recover die faid SubfcriptionMoney in any Court competent in Great Britain.

XXX. And be it enafled, That the faid Truftees fhall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themfelves perfonally liable for the Repayment of the Money borrowed, or Intereft thereof, by reafon of having figned the Securities, which Securities are to be held and confidered as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the Tolls, unlefs fpecially expreffed to the contrary 5 nor (hall anv Truftee or Subfcriber be held perfonally liable, upon any Pretext for Payment of any Sum which he fhall not have bound himfelf to pay perfonally, as an Individual, independant of his Office as a Truftee under this Ad.

XXXI.	Provided, always and be it further enafled, That all and every Perfon or Perfons, who are by any particular Law or Cuftom ■chargeable towards repairing and amending any particular Parts of the faid Roads hereby intended to be repaired, fhall remain chargeable as before palling this Ad ; and the faid Truftees (hall be, and they are hereby empowered, to treat and agree for any Sum of Money, to be paid Yearly, or otherwife, with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate chargeable with the Repairs of any Part of the Highways, direded to be repaired by this Ad, or any Bridge upon the fame, in lieu of fuch Repairs.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That the Produce of the Tolls and Duties arifing at the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, to be ereded on the faid Roads, (ball be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding the faid Roads and Bridges thereupon, and paying the Intereft of the Money borrowed, advanced, and owing at the Time and the Surplus (hall be appropriated annually to extinguifh the Principal of the faid Debt, and to no other Purpofe, except for paving the Expences of procuring and paffing this Ad.

XXXIII.	And be it enaded, That no Intereft fhall be paid on the Money fubfcribed, nor (hall the principal Sums be demanded, till the Produce of the Tolls and Duties be in the Opinion of the Truftees, at a general Meeting affembled, fufficient to defray the Expence of Repairs, and other necelfary Charges on the faid Roads, to pay the Intereft on the Debt thai may be incurred, and of the Sums fubfcribed; and that when it (hall appear to the faid Truftees, at a general Meeting affembled, that the Produce of the Tolls and Duties is fufficient for thofe Purpofes, it (hall and may be lawful for them to apply fuch Part of the Produce of the Tolls and Duties, as they fhall judge expedient, in payment of the Sums fubfcribed, with Intereft thereof, from the re(pe£tive Periods at which thefe may have been advanced.

XXXIV.	And be it enafled, That all Sums of Money which fince the firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and two, may have been voluntarily fubfcribed, paid and expended by Individuals, either towards building a new Bridge, lately erected over the River Tarret, in the Line of the faid Roads, or in making beneficial Alterations or

Improvement*

397

47° GEORG 11 III. Stfl*. 2. Cap. 20.

Improvements on any Part or Parts of the Paid Roads, and which fhali be proved, to a general Meeting to have been fo fubfcribed, paid and expended, (hall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls and Duties by this A<St granted; and it lhall be lawful to the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to afllgn the faid Tolls and Duties, hereby granted, to the Perlon or Perfons, who (hall have fo fubfcribed, paid and expended fuch Sum or Sums of Money as a Security for Repayment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, with the legal Intereft thereon, from the Time of their being fo fubfcribed, paid and expended, till Repayment: Declaring Percent always, that notwithftanding fuch Alignments the Repayment of fuch j^oncy dg'-Sums, fo fubfcribed, paid and expended, (hall be poftponed until the ,owed under Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed in virtue of this Aft. the Powers of this Adt.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe of any Mifapplica- Perfom tion of the Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Aft,

all and every Perfon or Perfons who lhall fo mifapply the fame, or by t0'forfeit * whofe Authority the fame (hall be mifapplied, (hall forfeit and pay double the double the Sum fo mifapplied, to be recovered againft him or them, at Sum fo mif-the Suit of any three or more Heritors within the faid County of Perth, aPPlie<J* pofieffed of one Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, who are hereby authorifed to Cue for and recover the fame in an Adfion fummarily brought before the Lords of Council and Seffion, without abiding the Courfe of the Roll, with Cofts of Suit, one Half of which Forfeiture lhall belong to the Perfons who fue for the fame, and the other half (hall be paid to the faid Truftees, to be applied by them for the repairing of the Roads by this Ad direded to be repaired ; but if any fuch Prolecution (hall after Trial be found vexatious and groundlefs, the Profecutor or Profecutors fhali be liable to pay double Coifs.

XXXVI.	And be it enaded, That the faid Truftees (hall be, and they Tr“l'e«5mif

are hereby empowered to purchafe fuch Pieces of Ground as they fhali ^/nd and judge mod convenient, not exceeding One-fourth Part of an Acre for each ere<ft Toll Toll Houfe, Stable, and Garden.	Houfcs.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded. That the Right and Property of Turnpikes, all and every the laid Toll Houfes, Turnpike Gates, Toll Bars, and To!lHouf««, Bridges on the faid Roads already ereded, or to be ereded by virtue of *c- ,ell*d *“ this Ad, ac.d the Materials thereof, with the Materials chat lhall be lru!**t,• colleded and dug up for making and repairing the faid Roads and

Bridges, (hall be veiled in the faid Truftees, who may and are hereby authoriled ro difpoie of the fame as they fliall think proper for the Purpoles of this Ad.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That where any Parc of the Truftees to faid Roads are not of a fufficient Breadth, according to the lowed legal w^den Roads, Rate and Standard of Twenty-five Feet, including the Ditches or Water-runs at the Side of the Road, it fhali and may be lawful to and

for the faid Truftees to widen and extend the Breadth of the faid Roads to the faid legal Standard, without giving any Compcnfation to the adjoining Proprietors on that Account; and where ic fliall appear nc- CmuTe ceflary to the faid Truftees to alter the Courfe or Situation of the faid thereof, if Roads, or any of them, or to widen them beyond the legal Standard, netefiar’y.

ILtc. fcf Per.]	j H	then

39,8

4.70 GEORGII III. SttL 2, ' Cap. 20.

then the laid Truftees fhall, and they have heieby full Power to alter the Courle or Situation of the faid Roads, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or to extend the fame to fuch Breadth as they fliall think proper, To pull not exceeding Thirty-five Peer, including Ditches as aforefaid ; and for down Houles- c)lal Purpofe to pulldown any Houfe or Houfes, the Side Walls whereof are not more than twelve Feet high, provided that by loch Alteration of the faid Roads, the lame or any Part thereof be not broughc nearer than two hundred Yards to the Manfion Houle or ordinary Refidence of the Proprietor of the Lands through which fuch Roads lhall be made, nor pals through any Garden, Yard, Orchard, planted Walk, Lawn around, or Avenue to fuch Houfe; but if ic fhall be found neceffary to alter any Road which is at prefent nearer to any fuch Houle than two hundred Yards, then it lhall be in the Power of the laid Truftees to make the New Road as near to fuch Houfe as the old one was, provided that the Old Road be Ihut up ; and that the faid Truftees (hall pay Paying the fuch Damages to the Owners and Occupiers refptclively of any Lands, Damages Grounds, or Houfes which fliall be prejudiced and damaged by altering to'he'Own*’ anc^ w’^enulg the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, beyond the legal er£-	Standard, or by pulling down any Houfe or Houfes, as the faid Truflces

lhall judge reafonable; and in cafe any fuch Owners or Occupiers lhall not be fatisfied with the Offer made to them by the laid Trufiees, or lhall refufe to treat, in that Cafe the Amount of the Damage lhall be determined by a Jury appointed in Manner herein after direfted.

Breadth to be left for Roads where Grounds are inclofed.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That if any Perfon or Perlons within the laid County, having Lands adjoining to any Part of the laid Roads fliall inclofe fuch Lands on both Sides, he or they lhall be obliged to leave fifteen Feet at leaft, free from the Middle of the Road to the Fence, and if one Side of any Part of the laid Roads has been inclofed before pafling this Aft, and the other not inclofed, and it appear that the Proprietor of the Ground fo inclofed has not left fifteen Feet free from the Middle of the Road to the Fences, the Heritor or PoffcfTor of fuch Ground on the other Side of the Road (ball be obliged, at inciofing the fame, to leave the full Breadth of thirty Feec for the Breadth of the Road, and in cafe the Ground on the inclofed oppofite Side does not belong to the Perfon lo inciofing, he or (be (ball have Right to demand from the Proprietor of the Side firft inclofed, or the faid Truflces, a Sum equal to the Value of fuch Part of the faid fifteen Feet, as hath not been leit out as aforefaid according as the Proprietor has or has not left the Road of the full Breadth to which he was bound by the Laws fubfifling at the Time the lnclolure was made; and in cafe of any Difference of Opinion thereon, ludi Value fliall be determined by a Jury, to be appointed in Manner hereafter directed.	*

Ground	XL.	Provided always and be it declared, That in every Cafe where

taken not to it may be neceffary to take Grounds as herein before allowed, for dimir.iih the Purpofes of this Aft, the lame fliall not affeft, alter, or diminifh valued Rent. tpe V3]ue£j Rent of the Lands from which luch Grounds fliall be lo taken.

XI.I. And be it enafted, That it fliall not be lawful forany Proprietor of Land through which any Part of the faid Roads pafles, or for any

other

I loufrs not 10 he built*

47° GEORGII IIL Seff, 2. Cap. 20.	399

other Perfon, to ere& any Houfe, or other Building, nearer to the nor Trees

Centre of the faid Roads than twenty Feet, except where there fhall F an:cd ,

1	.	__	_	,	_ .. J	.n.	F	,	fr*	c nearer to	the

have been	a Houfe,	or other	Building,	exilting	prior	to the	pairing	or Centre of the

this Ad ■, nor fhall it be lawful for any Perl'on to plant any Tree or Trees Road than

nearer to the Centre of the faid Roads than twenty Feet.	twenty Feet.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That where any Ditches have been Proprietors made, or hereafter (hall be made near the Sides of the faid Roads, or cleanfe'" through any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers pitches, of the faid Fields, fuch Proprietors or Occupiers fhall, and they are hereby required to keep fuch Ditches properly fcoured, and not to allow the Water to ftagnate therein, fo that the Roads may he thereby damaged ; and if they fail to do fo, after fourteen Days’ Notice previoufly given, the faid Truftees, or the Overleers of the Roads, by Diredion of any of the Truftees, may, and are hereby required, to order the faid Ditches to be opened, fcoured and cleanfed, at the Expence of the faid Proprietors or Occupiers ; to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of any moveable Efteds, in the fame Manner as herein direded for levying any of the Penalties hereby impofed ; and if any Occupier of Land fhall turn any Water acrofs, or upon the Side or Sides of any of the faid Roads, he or fhe fhall condud fuch Water in an open or covered Drain, of fuch Form and Demenfions as the faid Truftees fliall order and dired; Occupiers to and if fuch Occupier of Land fhall, after fourteen Days’ Notice, refufe mak.8 or negled to make fuch Drain, according to the Diredion of the faid ^rains» ic‘ Truftees, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to order and caufe fuch Drain to be made, and the Perfon or Perfons refufing or negleding to make the fame, agreeably to the Orders and Diredionsof the faid Truftees, fhall repay to the faid Truftees all the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the making of fuch Dr.ain, and fhall likewife pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings; the faid Cofts and Penalty to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale, in Manner herein direded, and to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XLIII. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by Ditches, order of the faid Truftees, fliall be fcoured and kept in repair out of the made by Money arifing by virtue of this Adi and if any Occupier of Land, Irurteestobe through which fuch Drains and Ditches are, or (hall be conveyed or car- theiVEx-' ried, fhall obftruct or fill up any of them, the Perfon or Perfons fo p^nce. offending fhaii forfeit and pay double the Expence of repairing and fcour-ing the fame, to be recovered in manner hereinafrermentioned ; and the Penalty on faid Occupter fhall be deemed the Aggreflbr, unlefs it fhall appear to the filling up Truftees that he was not in fault; and where any Paffage for Cattle or Ditches, Carriages acrois any Road, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it paffes, fhall be made, the Occupier of fuch Ground fliall always cover the Drains crofling the Sides of fuch Roads, with fufficient Stones, fo that the Courfc of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced ; and no Occupier of Land fhall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the faid Roads, or conduiff ic acrols^any Part thereof, until he fhall have obtained the Confent of the faid Trullees; and every fuch Occupier fhall be obliged to carry the Water acrofs the Road in a covered Drain, of fuch Depth and Conftruc-ction, as the laid.Water may not prejudice the Road.

XLIV. And

400

May open Quarriei, dig Gravel, Sand, Sec. in any t.'om-raon.

Or where no Common in other Grounds ;

paying the Damage within fix Months.

Exception of Gardens, Sec.

Com pen ration to b* made for Ground taken, or Heritage damaged.

Heirs of Entail cuy renounce Claims of Damage.

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That it Ihall be lawful fur the faid Truftees to open Stone Quarries, and to dig, gather, take, and carry off Stones, Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, or other Materials from or out of any Wade Land or Common, or from any Brook or River running through Open Fields within the faid County for the Purpofes cf making or repairing the faid Roads, or for building any Fences which the Tiuf-tees on the faid Roads may be bound to build, without being fubjeft to any Claim of Trefpafs, or Damage on that Account; and where there is no fuch Common, or where Sufficiency of Materials cannot be got Irom the fame within a reafonable Diftance, it ihall be lawful for the faid Truftees, upon Intimation to the Proprietor or Pofleflbr of fuch Grounds, at leaft Fourteen Days before working, to fearch, dig for, and gather fuch Materials in the Grounds of any Perlon or Perfons where the fame are or may be found, and from Time to Time to caufe the fame to be carried away, or fo much thereof as the faid Truftees Ihall judge neceflary for the Pur-pofe of making or repairing the faid Roads, without Let or Hindrance from the Proprietor or PoiTeffor of the faid Lands, paying always, within fix Months thereafter, the Damage done to the Occupiers and Proprietors of the laid Grounds from whence the fame Ihall be fo dug, gathered, and taken away, or over which the lame may be carried, as the lame Ihall be afcertained by any two or more Juftices of the Peace of the faid County; Provided that all Pits or Quarries in ufe for getting fuch Materials Ihall be fenced in and incloled by the faid Truftees: Provided always that it Ihall not be lawful to dig for Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, in any Ground where a Houle of the Value of Five hundred Pounds Hands, or in a Garden, Yard, Orchard, Planted Walk, Lawn around, or Avenue leading to fuch Houfe, or in any Plantations or Woods neceflary for the Ornament or Shelter of fuch Houle.

• XLV. Provided always that full Coropenlation Ihall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands, Heritages, or Tenements taken for the Ufe of the Roads, and for all Damage done to the fame, except in fuch Cafes as are herein mentioned, and for that Purpofe the Truftees Ihall, before entering on any fuch Ground or Tenements, or injuring the fame, give one Month’s Notice, at the leaft, to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and make an Offer to them of what the Truftees conftder to be the Value, or a juft Compenfation, unlefs fuch Owners or Occupiers renounce all Claim to Damages or Cornpenlation, which the Owners and Occupiers in pofleflion at the Time (hall be at liberty to do ; and that the faid Truftees Ihall be, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Fntai), Hulbands, '1 ruftees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Perlon and Perfons whatfoever, though under legal Difabiiitv or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and requited to fell and convey all l'ucii Lands or Houfes as may be neceflary for the making, altering, or widening the laid Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll I ;c fe. Turnpike Gate, or To!! bar, thereon, or for ftoring Mate-lials or otherwife, where Ground is needfary for the Pupoles of this A&.	u

XL.VI. P.ovided that it Ihall be in the Power of all Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, as well entailed as unentailed, to give up aad renounce every Claim of Damage under Twenty Pounds, or otherwife competent

401

47° GEORGII IIP. Seff. 2. Cap. 20.

petenc to them by this Aft, for fuch Ground and Mar. rials as may be required for erefting Toll Houfes, and widening Roads under the Powers of this Aft, on their refpeciive Effaces, and that fuch Renunciation is and lhall be equally binding on the Heirs of luch Proprietors.

XL.VIT. And be it further enafted, That in taking the necefiary Ground for making, altering or widening the laid Roads, or for any Toll Houfe, Garden or Stable as before mentioned, or in taking down any Houle or Houfes, or any Part or Parts of any Houfe or Houles under the Authority of this Aft, if the laid Truftees lhall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands where the Roads are to be fo altered or widened, or whole Fences are to be altered or removed ; or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Ground taken for fuch Toll Houles, Garden, and Stable, or any Houfe or Houfes, or Parc or Parts of any Hbufe or Houfes, which are to be taken down as aforefaid ; or in cafe the Claim of Damages, which may be thence incurred, has not been renounced in Manner aforefaid, Application fhall be made to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Perth, or his Subftituce, to fummon a Jury, in order to value the Ground necefiary to be taken and ufed, or Houfes, or Parts of Houfes necefiary to be taken down as aforefaid; and the Lots or Damage enfo-ing from the altering or removing Fences; and the faid Sheriff Depute, or his Subftitute is hereby empowered and required, upon Application, toorder Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Ground or Houfes, and afterwards to iiTie a Summons, in the ufual Manner, for calling Together and impannelling a Jury, confining of fifteen Perfons in Number, to examine into, and after fuch Examination, to return a Verdift, upon Oath, as to the Damage fufiair.ed by the Proprietors of fuch Lands, Fences, Houfes, or Parts of Houfes; and in making up their Verdift, to be pronounced as herein direfted, and in eflimating the Sums to belaid to the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers cf Lands and Houfes as aforefaid, the faid Jury lhall have Right, and they are hereby empowered to take under their Confideration, all Circumftances, pastictslarly the Advantages ariling to the Proprietors, Tenants, and Occupiers by the faid Roads; and in afcertaining the Value of the Dykes or Ind&l'ures which it may be necefiary to pull down in altering t e Conrfe ol Roads, the Jury final 1 aifo have Power to direft: fuch Dykes, as may thereby become ufeiels to the Proprietor, to be taken down and removed by the faid Truftees, upon Payment of fuch Allowance therefor as the faid Jury may determine; and it fhall be optional to the Proprietor, either to accept ol the Allowance lo awarded, or to retain the Materials of the faid Dykes, to his own private Ule; and after a Verdift is pronounced as aforefaid, the faid Sheriff Depute, or his Subftitute is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value, and Amount of the Lots or Damage thereby awarded, to the Perlons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the faid Truftees, out of the Money railed by virtue of this Aft, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interefted, or Confignation of the faid Sum .n any of the public Banks of Scotland, the faid Truftees lhall, from thenceforth, have Righc to take and ule the Ground, and to take down the Houfes and Fences, fo valued, tur the Purpofcs of altering, widening, and extending the faid Roads, as fully and effectually, ever after, to all Intents and Purpolcs, as if the Owner or Ownets, Occupier or Occu-

\_Loe. & Per.]	51	piers

Sheriff to fu minor a jury to fix Value of Lanosand Huuki,

Sheriff to adjudge i ay-ment of the Sumawarced by thejuiy.

402

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 2a.

pier? of the Grounds, Houles, or Fences had executed regular Dilpofi-tions of the fame, and thereupon lnfeftment had followed ; and the laid Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute lhall be final and conclufive, withouc being fubjeft to Review, Advocation, Sul-penfion, or otherwife howlbever.

Expences XLV1II. Provided always, and be it enadted, That in the Event that of the Pro- fuchjury lhall award a greater Compenfation than the Truftees (hall '13ve °ffere^> but t*ian c'ie Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers paid tC ft12'! ^ave squired, the Expence of the Proceedings lhall be defrayed and borne by the laid Truftees, and the faid Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, equally ; but in cafe the faid Jury lhall award to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum fo required, or any greater Sum, the whole of the faid Lxpence lhall be paid by the laid Truftees ; and, on the other Hand, if the laid Ju y lhall award the Sum offered by the faid Truftees, or a lefs Sum, the whole of the faid Expence lhall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always. That in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons (hall, by reafon of Abfence, be prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, luch Cofts and Expences lhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees: Provided alfo, That after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houles, fuch Sum as the faid Truftees lhall think rtafonable, it	fhall and may be lawful for them, to

enter into and upon fuch Lands or	Houfes, for the Purpofes of this Aft;

and r.o Stop (hall, in the mean time, be put to the Operation of the laid Truftees on Pretence of fettling the Damage, or that they have not been fatisfied and paid.

Ary Warrant XL1X. And, to prevent unnecelfary Trouble and Delay, be it further f°" Wo k"to ena<^ec*» That in cafe any Perfon interefted lhall apply for, and obtain be'recalled0 ^rom anf Judge competent, a Warrant for (topping the Execution of cn Caution any of the Purpofes aforefaid, to	be carried on under the Authority of

found.	this A£l, the laid Judge is hercbv	direfted and empowered to recal fuch

Warrant, and remove any Silt obtained as a-orefaid, provided fufficient Caution is found by the faid Truftees, for the Amount of fuch Damages ss may be ultimately awarded to the Perfon fuing far the fame, and afeer-tained in Manner herein before mentioned.

Re-Inveiling	L. And be it further enacted. That if any Money lhall be agreed, or

Purchafe	awarcjed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchalcd,

* mounting taken> or u'ed> by virtue tlie Powers of this A&, for the Purpofes to two °	thereof, winch are held under Entail, or are fubjeCl to Liferents, An-

hundred	nuities, or other Incumbrances, or lhall belong to any Corporation,

Pounds.	married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under Difability

or Incapacity; fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundied Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Seftion, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the latent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made, upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land-Tax,

ur

403

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. so.

or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the faid Courts fnall authorize to be paid, afFedting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or afFedting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages handing fettled therewith, to the lame or like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fnall be laid out and invefted, under the like Diredtion and Approbation of the faid Courr, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Lies,

Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands,

Tenements, and Heritages which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood lettled or limited, or fuch of them, as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exiliing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the Intereft, or annual Produce of fuch Money fhall, from Time to Time, be paid by order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Per-fons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages fo hereby diredted to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Money fo Iflefs than agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, Twohundred purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfons under Difabihty or Incapacity as meaty aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall Poandi. exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land*, Tenements, or Heritages fo purchafed, taken, or uftd, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curator*, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fpedtive Hand?, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; cr other-wife the fame fhall be paid at the like Option, to two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by two or more of the faid Truftees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Intereft ' arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner before diredted, as far as the Cafe be applicable.

LI I. Provided alfo, and he it further enacted. That where fuch Undtr Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as iaft before mentioned, fhall twentJ be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, che fame fhall r°und,‘ be applied to the Uie of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Reirs and Profits of the L ands, Tenements, or Heritages lo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Adt, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any two or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their 1 utors or Curators, to and for the Uie and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedlively.

LII1. And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to In cafe of whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of not making

Lands, cutTiUe-

404

Where Quef tions arile touching the Title.

Expenses in cafe of Dif. ability.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl'. 2. Cap. 2o.

Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perl'on or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known ordifcovered, then and in everjl fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful tor the faid Truftees, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, <o awarded as aforelaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotlatui to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, deferibing them, fubjeft to the Order, Concroul, and Difpofition of the Courc of Sefiion, which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to luch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part there-of by Petition lhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court lhall feem meet, to order Diftributicn thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Efcates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier and Cafhiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who fhill receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receiptor Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

LIV. And be it further enafled, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title cf 3ny Perfon to any Money to be paid into the faid Banks in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in ai.) Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, the Perfon or Perlons, who fhall have been in PofTeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, at the Time of fuch Purchale, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflelhon of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages according to fuch PofTeflion, until the contrary fhall be Ihewn, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Seflion j and fuch Money, and the Intereft thereof, lhall be paid, applied and dif-pofed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Poflefiion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into tht faid Bank, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be lerded to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Aft; it ftiall be lawful for the faid Court, to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made In purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court lhall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining

405

47° GEORGII III. Seff. a. Cap. 20.

ing fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, who (hall, from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpoics as the faid Court lhall direft.

LVI. And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, upon Application of the Truftees, to fupprels any Bye Roads, that do not appear to be of Importance to the Put'uc, fo as to prevent any Perfon or Pcrfons, travelling the Roads hereby direfted to be repaired, from avoiding the Payment of any Tolls or Duties granted by this Aft ; Provided always, that Notice of the Refolution, to (hut up fuch Roads be given by Advertife-ments affixed to < he neareft: Turnpike Gate, and to the Doors of the three neareft Parifti Churches for two confecutive Sundays, one Month at lead, before the Roads (hall be aftually (hut up, and that any Perfon or Perfons, who (hall think themfelves injured by fuch Refolution, may apply to the Sheriff of the County, or his Subftitute, who, if he fees Caufe, is hereby empowered to fufpend the Execution thereof, until the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the faid Countv; and the Determination of the Juftices, at fuch Quarter Seffions lhall be final and conclufive, without being fubjeft to Review by Advocatiun, Sufpenfion, or otherwife howfoever.

LVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may caufe Foot Paths, to the Breadth of eight Feet, to be made along the Sides of the faid Roads, in fuch Places as can conveniently admit of the fame ; and if any Perfon (hall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Foot Paths made or to be made, or (hall in any way wantonly injure the fame, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein after direfted.

LVIII. And be it further enafted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of the faid Roads is inclofed or planted, the Proprietors or Occupiers of fuch Ground lhall be obliged, at the proper Sealon of the Year, to lop the Trees, Bufhes, or Hedges in a proper Manner, fo as to give fufficient Breadth and Air to the faid Road, and in cafe they neglect to do fo for fix Months, after being required by an Order of the Truftees, the faid Truftees (hall have Power to appoint the fame to be done at a proper Seafon of the Year, at the Defaulter’s Expence.

LIX. And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees may caufe the faid Roads to be meafured, and Stones and Pofts to be erefted on the Sides thereof, denoting the Diftance at each Mile, or at fuch other Dif-tances as they may judge convenient •, and alfo to order or caufe to be erefted. Guide Pofts and Railings upon fuch Parts of the faid Roads, where the Roads, are eroded or joined by other Roads as they fhall judge proper.

LX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall malicioufly break down, or otherwife injure any Mile Stone or Poft, Turnpike Gate, Toll Bar, Pcft, Chain, Rail, or Bar, or any Houfe erefted for the Ufe of fuch Turnpikes, or any of the laid Bridges, or any Parapet Wall, Paling, or Fence on the Sides of the faid Road, or (hall

\Ltc, id Per.J	5 K mal-treat

Juftices t« fupprefs B/e Roads.

Truftees may make Foot Paths.'

Penalties for riding oa them.

PofTeflori to lop Trees, Bufhes, or Hedges.

Truftees may meafure Roads, erect Mite Stones, Sec.

Punching Perfons injuring Mile-Stones, or Gates.

40$	47°	GEORGII	III.	Seff.	i. Cap. 20.

maUtreat any of the Toll Gatherers or Perfons employed in making and repairing the faid Roads, or fhall be aiding and affifting thereto, or (hall forcibly pafs through, or affiil any Perfon in forcibly palling through, any Turnpike Gate, or (hall refcue any Perfon in cuftody for the raid Offences, or any of them, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted in any Profecution ordered by the faid Truflees, by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by his own Con-fefTion, before the Sheriff Depute orSubftitute, or before anyone or more Juftices of the Peace of the faid County of Perth, or where the Offender fhall refide, fhall not only forfeit and pay the whole Damage and Expences fuftained, or that may be incurred by fuch Offence, but (hall alfo be imprifoned for fix Weeks, or pay a Fine not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, and in cafe the faid Penalty, Damages, and Expences fo adjudged (hall not be inftancly paid, or fufficient Security given (or the fame, the faid Sheriffs or Juftices are hereby empowered and required to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons fo convicted, to Prifon for any Term not exceeding three Calendar Months nor lefs than one Calendar Month.

LXI. And for preventing Annoyances in, or upon the faid Roads, be it further enaded, That from and after two Months from the Commencement of this Ad, every Perfon in ploughing any uninclofed Grounds or Fields contiguous to any of the faid Roads, fhall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the faid Roads, of the Breadth of eleven Feet at leaft j and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall not leave fuch Head Ridges, fhall forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling; and all Gates upon Inclofures next to any of the faid Roads, fhall open inwards to the Field; and if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever fhall lay or leave any dead Horfes, (except in cafe of Accident,) or other Carrion, upon any of the faid Road6, or within twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the faid Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, or Corrpoft, or Matter whatfoever, either for manuring Land, or any other Purpofe; or leave any Cart or Carriage without fufficient Caufe, or the Loading thereof, or other Obftruftion whatever, upon any of the faid Roads, or within Five Yards of the Side thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever lhall leave any Horfes, Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or other Cattle, on the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, or fuffer them to graze upon the Sides thereof, or on the Drains or Ditches along the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling.

LXI I. And be it further enafted, That if after the palling of this Aft any Perfon or Perfons fhall haul or draw, or C3ufe to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the laid Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Carriage,&c. Timfoer, or any Stone, or other Thing whatfoever, otherwile than upon a Wheel Carriage, or any Plough or Harrow, otherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage or Sledge, or fhall fuffer any Tree, or other Matter whatfoever* which can be conveyed upon a Wheel-Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the faid Roads, or fhall permit fuch Tree, or other Matter to projeft over the Side or Sides of luch Wheel Carriage, or fuch Plough or Hairow over the Side or Sides of fuch Wheel-Carriage or Sledge; every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit a Sum,

Head Ridges to be made 00 the Sides •f the Ro»d.

Articles to be drawn nn a Wheel

407

47* GEORGII HI. SefT. a* Cap. 20‘

not exceeding ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered in Manner herein after dircftcd,	c

LXI1I. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall take off, or caufe to be taken off, any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, or any Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, from any Coach, Chaife, Chair, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calafh, or Hearfe, or any Horfe or Horfes, Ox or Oxen, or other Bead of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, before the fame ftiall come to any of the Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, erefted by virtue of this Aft, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby impofed, each and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, and being thereof convifted, by the Oath of any one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or his or their own Confeffion, before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, or before any One or more of the Juflices of the Peace, for the faid County of Perth, or where the Offender (hall refide, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXIV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon, occupying any Lands, or other Premifes near to any of the faid Roads, fhall afljfl, or be acceffary in permitting any Perfon to pafs over the fame, or through any Gate or Paffage with any Horfe, Bead, or Carriage liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Aft, or fhall forcibly pafs through, or alfifl any Perfon in palling through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar erected, or to be erefted on the faid Roads, whereby the Payment of fuch Toll may be evaded, fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo affifting or permitting,, and the Perfon or Perfons riding or driving fuch Horfe, Bead, or Carriage, through fuch Grounds or private Paffage, and any Perfon or Perfons riding or driving any Horfe, Beall, or Carriage through any private Road, whereby the Payment of the Toll may be avoided, or forcibly palling through any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar, being convifted thereof, by the Teftimony of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, or any one or more of the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Perth, or where the Offender lhall refide, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling.

LXV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, having paid the Toll or Duty by this Aft impofed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets fignifying the Payment of fuch Toll or Duty, fhall give, or difpofe of the fame to any other Perfon or Perfons in order to avoid the Payment of the faid Toll or Duty, every fuch Perfon, fo giving or difpofing of fuch Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the Perfon receiving the fame, being convifted thereof, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or otherwife, before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, or before any one or more of the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County, or where the Offender fhall refide, fhall for every .fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter direfted.

LXVI. And be it ;enafted,.That if any Keeper of a Turnpike Gate fhall, by himfdf or any other Perfon employed by hinj, demand and - .	take.

Preventing Evafion of Tolls.

Penalty on

permitting a private Paffage, StU,

Penalty o%

Perfons

difpofing

of Ticket!.

Penalty in cafe of Col* letters ae*

40 8

mantling more than the legal Ratet, or oiherwife mifbehdV-ing.

Penaltiei

and Forfeitures not particularly fpeci-fied, how to be levied ud applied.

If Penalties not paid. Offenders may be committed to Prifon.

Perfons aegrieved may appeal to the Quarter Selhon.

47° GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 20.

take a higher Rate of Toll or Duty, than that which he (hall be au-thorifed to take by the Truftees; or (hall demand and take Toll or Duty for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Cattle exempted by this Aft; or (hall negleft to give conftant Attendance at all Hours, or to give free and ready Paffage to any Perfon or Perfons, willing to pay the Toll for their Carriages, Horfes, or other Cattle; or (hall afiaulc, maltreat, or infult any Perfon or Per(ons pafling or repaying the Gate kept by him, he (hall be fubjeft to a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered by the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved, on a fummary Complaint before any one or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff Depute, or Sheriff Subititute of the County of Perth.

LXVII. And be it enafted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Aft impofed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not particularly fpecified, (hall on Proof of the Offence before the Sheriff Depute, or Subftitute, or any two or more Juftices of the Peace of the faid County of Perth, or where the Offender (hall refide, either by the Confeflion of the Party, the Oath of one or more credible Wicnefs or Witneffes, or other Legal Evidence, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Sheriffs or Juftices (which Warrant they or any of them are hereby authorifed and required to grant, and adminifter the Oaths gratis,) fuch Sale being always made by Public Auftion to the hLheft Offerer, at fuch Place as (hall be direfted in the faid Warrant, within fix Days after fuch Diftrefs (hall have been made, and the overplus Money arifing from fuch Sale, after Dtduftion of the Penalties impofed, and Charges in recovery thereof, lhall be returned on Oemand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by chis Aft, if not otherwil'e hereby appropriated, (hall be paid, one Half to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half to the faid Truftees or their Colleftors, to be laid out and applied for the Purpofes of this Aft; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, or fufficient Secu-rity tiven for Payment, it (hall be lawful for the faid Sheriffs, or ’ any two of the faid Juftices of the Peace, and they are hereby auchorifed and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, or to a Houle of Correftion, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, unlefs luch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges (hall be fooner paid.

LXV1II. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, bv the faid Truftees, or any of them, or - by the Order ofone or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, not af-fembled in Quarter Seffions, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already direfted or appointed, it (hail and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the next Quarter Seffions for the County of Perth; or in cafe the Caule of Complaint lhall arife within fifteen Days before fuch Quarter Seffions, then fuch Appeal mav be made to the laid Juftices, at the fecond Quarter Seffions, who are hereby authorifed and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Perfon or Pcriuns fo aggrieved; and if they lee Caufe, (hall and

may,

47° GEORGlI III. Bet 2/' daf . 2k	409

may, by Order of fuch Meeting, mitigate, at their Difcrecion, all, or any of the faid Forfeitures or Penalties impafsd or incurred by the faid Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and let afide the Conviction or Convictions, and let the Parties at Liberty, or otherwife may ratify and confirm the fame, with fuch Colts as to them, in their Difcrecion, may feem proper, and may levy, by their Order or Warrant, fuch Colts fo a-warded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall refufe to obey the fame; and for Want of l'ufficienc Diftrels, commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Paymenc of luch Colts fhall be made ; but the Perfon orPerlons fo appealing as aforefaid (hall, and they are hereby directed, to give Notice in Writing, to the Defendant, of fuch Intention of bringing or profecuting any Appeal fifteen Days before the faid Quarter Sefiionsand fhall, within Five Days after fuch Norice given, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the faid Jultices, a Bond ligned by him, her, or them, and two fufficient Securities, obliging him, her, on them, to profecute fuch Appeal; and in cafe fuch Appeal fhall bedifal-allowed, to pay fuch Colts and Charges as the faid Jultices Ihall direCi on that Behalf; and every fuch Appeal fhall, at the faid Quarter Seffions, be there heard, and finally determined, without being fubjeCt to Review lay Advocation, Sulpenfion, or otherwife howfoever.

LXIX. And be it enaCted, That any Trultee or Trultees appointed Tmrtsej to put this ACt into Execution who is, are, or fhall be in the Com mffion mav a* of the Peace for the County of Perth, and fhall not be interefted in the jUlt:ces" Caule to be decided, fhall and may aCt as a Juftice or Jufticcs of the Peace within his or their refpeCtive JuriidiCtions, for the more effectually putting in Execution the fevetal Authorities and Powers in this ACt mentioned and conca ned, notwithftanding fuch Juftice or Jultices of the Peace is, are, or fhall be a Truftee or l ruftees as aforelaid, or a Creditor or Creditors upon the Tolls.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints Limitation for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures impoied by this Act, or efAifions. for any Wrongs done, or Injuries fuffered in any Matter thereto relative, or in confequence of any of the Powers by this ACt given and granted, fhall be commenced within the fpace of three Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Injury fuffered, and not afterwards.

LXX!. And be it enaCted That the whole Expences in preparing, F,.D<.nc„, 0f procuring, and palling this Aft, the furveying and eftimating the faid Roads prior to the palling hereof, and all other Expences attending the how tobe lame lhall be paid out of the firft and readied: Money lubicnbed,°bor- Fald-rowed, or collected by virtue of this ACt.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, Tbj*c this ACt lhall be deemed P Kl- .« and taken to be a Public Act, and fhail.be judicially taken Notice of	A	-

as luch by all Judges, Jultices, and others without being fpecially pleaded.	r 1

LXXIII And be it funner enaCted, That this ACt lhall commence and r

[Lot.	Per.l	r	T	, , L°rctnence-

L	J	5	*+	take men t and

4io	4/	GEORGII	III.	SeflT. 2. Cap. 20.

Continuance take place from and after the palling of this Act, and lhallhave Confirm-of the AG. ance from thence for and during the Space of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SdT. 2.

*******************************************************

Cap. 21.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts pafled in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-fixth Years of His pre-fent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidjlone, and from Watts Crofs to Cowden, in the County of Kenty fo far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidjlone.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for repairing and 5G. 3. widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidftone, and from Watts Crofs to Cowden, in the County of Kent: And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft to explain and amend an Aft made in the laft Sejfton of 6G.3. Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road front Tonbridge to Maidftone, and from Watts Crofs to Cowden, in the County of Kent, fo far as the fame relates to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidftone : And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Twenty-fixth Year of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for enlarging the Powers of Two Afts, paged in the Fifth 26 G. j. and Sixth Tears of His prefent Majcjly, for repairing and widening the Road c. 134., from Tonbridge to Maidftone, and from Warts Crofs to Cowden, in the County of Kent, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidftone: And whereas the Truftces appointed in or by virtue of the [Loc, (A Per.}	5	M	faid



|

47° GEORG 11 III. SclT.2. Cap. 2 r.

faid Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Pur-p 'fe they have borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, which Money Hill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off; nor can the faid Road be effedlually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, tihlcfs the Term granted and continued by the faid A&s is further continued, and feme of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts, paffed refpeflively in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-fixthYearsof the Reign of His faid prelent Majefty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein re-fpeftively contained, (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), ftiall be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effcftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-ena£ted in the Body of this Adi; but fubjedt neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which (hall commence and take effedl immediately upon the palling of this Adi; and this Acr, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted (hall be, and they are hereby declared to be fubjedt and fable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the faid recited Adis, and alfo of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall or may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid Adis and this Adi, and of all filtered due and to grow due for the fame refpedlively.

II.	And be it further enadled. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation draft arife touching or in anywile relating to the Tolls by the tied from be- recked Adts or this Adi authorifed to be colledled, or any of them, bigWitncffes. the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colledl the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons adting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, (hall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colledl the faid Tolls, or adling under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

Exemptions III. And be it further enadled, That from and after the paffing of rum o s. this Adi no Toll (hall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parilhes or Places in which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground ; nor lhall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpoled of, but to be laid up in the Honfcs, Out Houfcs, Yards, or on the Premifcs of the Owner or

Owners

414

Said A&s further continued.

Colle&or of Tolls, fcc.

4-i5

*!

»

K

a,

K

te

K

M

lit

a!

■!a

lit!

,« dt 1(5,

m

[id

:b

l«

is

t

I

i«

li

s

J

I

I

(

470 GEORGII IIJ. Sqifi'. a.

Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, qr othyr IropItiqe,M of Hulbandry } or for any iioife, or other Beall or Carrie, drawing.or carrying the fame in order for thq repairing thereof, or qfmg the lame in Hufbandry ; or for any Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pafture, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or favried ; or for any Horfcs, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfotyer Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprrffes under the Authority of His Majeily’s Poffmafle.-General, cither when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding tire fame, or in returning back front conveying the fame-, or for the Ilorlcs of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of luch Soldiers; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding fnrniflted by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpediv? Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively at the Time ot claiming fuch Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Fades; nor Shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of anv Parifh through which any Pa-t of the laid Roads doth lie, who (hall pafs through any of the laid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpedivc Parifh Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Cbriftmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celtbrated, or who Shall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the laid Parifhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial cr Minifterial Duty, on a Sunday, or on Cbriftmas Day, Good Friday, or qny other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; nor Shall any Toll be demanded or taken for cr in rtfped of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Paflenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning frpm any Eledion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of Kent, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election Shall begin or be concluded; and if any Pctfon Shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or Shall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid incited Ads and this Ad, or any Fart thereof. Shall be evaded, every fuch Perfon Shall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpoles of the faid Ads and of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded,That all Perfons who by Law are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be ciiargeable towards repair, ing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, (hall Hill remain liab'e thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it lhall be lawful tor any I wo or more Juftices of the Peace for the County in which fuch Roads are fituate (as the Cafe may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the laid Truftees, or by their 1 realurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly* to adjudge and de-,	termine

Statute

Labour.

4i6	478	G£ORGl!	HI* Seff. a. Cap,2t.

termine what Fart or Portion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedtive Pari lies or Places in which the fame do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money r-ceived by the Surveyor or Surveyors ot the Highways of every fuel* Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofrtion for fuch Statute Work as afore laid, fhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Jultices at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feverat Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place arc by Law lubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofnion for fuch Statute Work, dif-tinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedtive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridtions, as are or may be diredted by any Law or Statute in force or effedt for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perlons who (hall appear fubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the fame (hall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Haytime or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads, as tnc faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to Time order, diredt, and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhall and may alfo order and diredt the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofttion for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the laid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftioes (hall diredt; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of ihe refpedtive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Adt authorized or diredted to be recovered; and each at d every Peifon who lhall neglect or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effedt for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfon who (ball come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road', lhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (Och Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmils the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforeiaid, and in that Ca!e every fuch Perfon (hall be fubjedt and liable to the refpedtive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had negiedted or rcfuled to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees,

and

47° GEORG II III. Seff.2. Ctp.21.	417

and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in care the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Flares fhall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe aud Imperteft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V.	And be it further enafted. That if any Money fhall be paid, or App'.kat'ori agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchafc of any Lands, Tenements,	a*

or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the a'°o’unting td faid recited Ads or this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong JOol. to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft,

Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, cr to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred P.unds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Acts and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a funjmary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Pur-chafeor Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts,- or fuch Other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing fettled‘therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhalf be laid out arid inverted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, fruits* Jntents, and Purpofes, and in the lame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined aiid capable of taking Effed; and in the meaniime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds/er Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofe aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid, tpr Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made;

y Per.J	5	N

VI. Provided

+i8	47u	GEORGII III. Seftz. Cap. 21,

Application VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money fo °ion wkenUfi aSrct<* or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, than'aooL purchafed, tak*n, or ufed for the Pur poles atorelaid, and belonging to and exceed- any Corporation, or to any lVrfon or Perfons under any Difability or lnca-ing zoL pacity aforefaid, fhall he lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, (at the Oprion of the Perfon or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo pur.haf.-d, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Lliotcv, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their relpedive Hands,) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hercin-before direded ; or otherwife the fame fhill be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Per-fons, making fuch Option, and approved of bv Five of the I'ruftees for executing the faid recited Ads and this Ad (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of ihe nominating and approving Patties,) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, miy be applitd in any Manner hercin-before direded, fofar as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chaflcefy.

Application VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That where fuch Money of Compenfa- fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, fhall be leis tion when left than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch C-Tys the iame fhall be applied t an 20. tQ tjje jjfe of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchaied, tak-n, or uled for. the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this Act, in fuch Manner as the laid Truftees (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and fur the Ufe and Benefit ui luch Perfon or Peilons fo entitled refpedively.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be puyehafed by virtue of the faid iccited Ads and this Ad, fhall refute to accept the lame, or lhaii not be able to make a good Title to the Prtmifes, to the Sapstadion of the laid Truftees; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Pertons to whum luch Sum qr Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found} or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovtred, then and in every fuch Cale it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed tohis Account to theCredit of thePartiesintercfted in t-is? faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcnbingtbtm\ fubjed to the Crjer, Controul, and Difpofuicn of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Aj plication of any Perlon or Perlons making Clam to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or

Petition

In cafe of not making out Title*.

6E0RGII III. SefT.2. Cap 21.	4*9

Pet I? fan {hall be and is hereby empowered irt a lummary way of Proceeding, or othmvife as to the faid Court (hall feem meet, to order the lame to belaid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diilribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rtfpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Pcrfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (ball feem juft and reafonable; and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who ftiall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts tor fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are reaeived, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to Qtfeftion fhall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity oh

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance ot this the Money to or the faid Afts, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredna- be paid, the ments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, p°"s ■wh“ or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and poflyfio^of this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch the Lands Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the fhallbedeem-Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in pofieflion of fuch Lands, Tene- ^ereun'cf ments, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all P. rfons unUfs. ikc claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofieflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTt flion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuiiics to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it ftiall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Pofieflion was a wrongful Pofltflion, and that lome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of The Court of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed or^?r under the Authority of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Purchafe Ex peaces'of Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, Purcnafes to and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Here- be paid by ditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in Purfuance of the faid recited Afts the Truftce#> and this Aft,it fhall and maybe lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery,

to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the laid Court fhall dtem realonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuchPurpofes as the faid Court fhall direft/

XI.	And be it further enafted. That all the Coft, Charges, and Ex- v

pences incident to and attending the obtaining and pafling of this Aft, fhall th^Exp'enle* bt paid and difcfiarged out of any Money already collected or received by ofthit Aft.

virtue

420

Public Adi.

Commencement ind Duration of

this Adt.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.zt.

virtue of the faid recited Acts, or out of the Firft Monies to arife by virtue of the faid recited Adts and this Adt, in prefercpce 10 all other Payments whatfoever a and that after Payment thereof, the Tolls authorized to be colledted by the faid recited Adts, Ih-d), curing the Coniinuance of the Term hereby granted, be and remain fubj; dt and liable to the Payment of all Montes now due and owing, anti which (hall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid Tolls, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refptdhvely.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That this Adt fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being Ipecially pleaded.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That this Adt (hall commence from the parting thereof, and (hall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Adts ; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s rnoft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

y r" 1 . U.-.J40



<u*U* { ■ <<» jbi/j'*1 ttrif.fid»:ihoH It •» vtlA •	■'>	,	V-, .’. v.ri !• V

!.*an aJ^A Ui*! sdr to ti/ttii bsLjapo-q



i

i.

i

i

s

i	GEORGII III. REGIS-

ta

Seff. 2.:

-	*»*»******#**#*#***********************************#+*

Cap. 22*

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two A6ts of the Filth and Twenty-hxth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Wadhurft, in the County of Suffix, to the Turnpike Road at Lam-berhurft Pound, and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from thence to TV eft Farley Street, in the County of Kent.	[25th	July	1807.]

HEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third intituled, 5 G. 3. * An Ail far repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurfl, in the County of Suffex, to the Turnpike Rood at Lamberhurft Pound, and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullens Hill, through the Parijhes of Horfmonden,

Mardc n, Yalden, and Welt Farley, to Weft; Farley Street, in the faid County of Kent.- And whereas another Act was paffed in the Twenty, fixth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ail for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ail of the Fifth Tear of His prefent RlajeJly, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurft, in the County of Suffex, to the Turnpike Road at Lambethurlt Pound, and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullens Hill, through the Purifies of Horfmonden, Marden, Yalden, and Weft Earley, to Weft Fariey Street in the faid County of Kent: And whereas the Pruftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid Acts have [Lee. & Per.]	5 0	proceeded

4^2

tlie faid A&s further continued.

Three T ruf-tees to be a Quorum.

No Order to be revoked unlef» a greater Number of Truf-tees are pre-fent than made the Order.

Colle&or of Tolls to be a competent Witnefj.

47° G EORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 22.

proceeded to put the fame into Execution, and have borrowed a con' iiderable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the laid Roads, which Money Hill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be efl'eftually amended, widened,, improved, and kept in repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Afts be further continued, and fome of the Powers and Pravifions thereof • altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parlia-ment affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts paffed refpeftively in the Fifth and Twenty--fixth Years of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, therein refpeftively contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) dial 1 be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes as if the lame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Act, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which lhali commence and take Efteft immediately upon the parting of this Aft; and this Aft, and the additional Term hereby granted, lhali be and they are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the 1 oils granted or authorized to be taken by the faid recited Afts, and alfo of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as lhali or may b« bortowed far the Purpofes of the laid Afts and this Aft, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame relpeftively.

H. And be it further enafted. That all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or required by the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or either of them, to be done and executed by the Truftees for carrying the fame into Execution, (hall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of the faid Truftees prefent at any Meeting, being the Majority of fuch of them as lhali be then prefent, and the fame when fo done and executed lhali be as good, valid, and effectual, and lhali have the lame Force and Effeft as if fuch Afts, Matters, and Things, had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Three of the faid Truftees.

III.	And be it further enafted, That no Order made for carrying the faid former Afts or this Aft into Execution by any Five or more Truftees, lhali be revoked or altered, utile Is a greater Number of Truftees lhali be prefent, and concur in revoking or altering fuch Order than were prefent when fuch Order was made, nor lhali any Order be revoked or altered as aforefaid tmlefs at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, publick Notice of which Meeting lhali be given by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erefted or to be eredted in purfuar.ee of the faiii former Afts or of this Aft, declaring the Intention of repealing fuch Order or Orders at Icaft Ten Days before fuch Meeting.

IV,	: And beit further-enafted. That In cafe any Difpute, Suit or Litigation lhali arife, touching or in anywife relating to the Tolls by the faid

recited

+*3

i

a

a

s

a

a

lit

id

w

i

cat

:'W

IK

t<

It i

d

w

id

>

«!

tit

lit

it

*

*

4

4/1 GfeO.fi GII ill.	.	Cup.2?.

recited A£h authorized to be colle&ed, or any of'them, the Perfon or Peffons appointed to collect the fame, or any Other Parian or Per forts aCtiiig by or under the Authority of the laid Trufttes, (hall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difputa, Suit, or Litigation, by rea-lon of his, her, of their being lo appointed to collect the Laid Tolls, or aCting under the Authority of the laid Trultees.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the palling of this ACt no Toll (hull be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the Laid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parifhes or Places in which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden, ot other Land or Ground ; nor fhall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Out-houfes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implements of Hufbandry ; or for any Horfe, or other Bealt or Cattle, drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or tiling the fame in Huibandry ; or for any Horfe or other Bealt or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being Ihoeu or farried ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whaifoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majtftj’s Poltmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the feme ; or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers; or for any Horfe, Mure, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Coips cf Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their rel'peftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpecfively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bealt employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants (ravelling with legal Palfes ; nor (hall any cf the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parilh through which any Part of the laid Roads doth lie, who (hall pats through anv of the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpettive Parilh Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Chrijimas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on Cbrijimat Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered

by

4 24

Statute

Labour.

47* GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 22.

by Authority to be celebrated ; nor fhall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in relped of any Horl'e, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any PafTenger or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Kent, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon fhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or fhall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or any Part thereof, fhall be evaded, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety fliall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Ads and of this Ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, fhall ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County in which fuch Roads are fituate (as the Cafe may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application nude to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedive Parifhes or Places in which the fame do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as alorefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or i reafurers; and in order thereunto it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Pariih or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Nantes ofithe Jfeveral Perfons who within luch Pari(h or Piace arc by Law fubjetl and liable to do Statute W ork for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diltinguifhiDg the Nature of the Work to be done, whether v. ith Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedtive Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Rtftriftions as are or may b? directed by any Law or Statute in Force or Effrft for the Repairs of the publick Highways ; and out of fuch Lilts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubject and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work as aforefaid upon the faid Roads as the laid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the lame fhall be done at fuch Days, and at fuch Times not being Hay-time or Harveft, and in fuch Farts of the faid Roads as the faid Jultices, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, dirett, and appoint ; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and dirett the Per-l'ons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be futjecl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Pr: portion thereof aa the laid Juftices fliall thfnk

9	proper

47<tGEORGII til. Setf.2. Cap. 22.	425

proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at Rich Time or Times as the faid Juftices fhall direft, and in default of Payment thereof, the lame {hall and may be recovered by Diftreis and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeclive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Act authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe by any Surveyor to the faid Truftces, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, leant or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubject and liable to Rich Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effeft for Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Trudees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fliail be found idle, or negligent as atorefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fliail be Rjbjeft and liable to the refpeclive Forfeitures ami Payments as aforefaid as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid 1'ruftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads, and in cafe the laid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parishes or Places (hall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly and wilfully give in lalfe and impeifed Lifts, every foch Surveyor fij offending {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII.	And be it further enatted, That if any Money fliail be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafeof any Lands, Tenements, ofCompen-or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of f*tlonif. die faid recited Acts or this Aft, for the Purpoles thereof, which (hall	*

belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee In Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hulband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot Feme Covert or other Ceftuiquel’ruft, or to any Perfon whofeLands,Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrifl or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatf^ever, fuch Money mall, in cafe the fame {hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there cx parte the Truftees for executing the faid A£b and,this Adt, to the Intent that fuch Money {hall be applied, under the Direction anJ with the Approbation of the faid £ourt, to be fignified by, an, Order made upon a Petition to be preferred hia fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons-who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dikharge of any Debt or Debts, or luch. other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court fliail authorize,to be paid,-affefting the .fame Lands* Tenements, cr Hereditaments, or affecting other Land?, Tenements, or Hereditary Per-2	5	P	'	ments,

4-26

Application of Con-pen* fat ion it lefs than s£lco. and exceeding i£iz

Application of Compen. fation if lefs than

470 GEORGII III. Sefl'.2. Cap.22.

ments, {landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufcs, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money {hall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in thePurchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which {hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufies, Trurts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which {hall be fo pur-chafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement {hall be exifting undetermined, and capable of taking EfFeft; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in thePurchafe of Three Poundsper Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fliall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That If any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame {hall at the Option of the Perfon or Per. fons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Pctfoni making fuch Option, approved of by Five of the Trullees for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX.	Pr ovided alfo, and be it further enafted. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned fliall be lets than Twenty Pounds then and in. all fuch Cafes the fame {hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Here-ditaments fp purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited

A&s .

w

47° GEORG II Hi. ?cfT. /.

Afts and this Aft, in fach Manner a* the faid Truftees (hall think fit, or in caieof Infancv, Idiotcy, or I.unacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, ht r, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for’the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpec-tivelv.	i	<S31U	odd	odi	bnB

X.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles, to the Satis-fjftion of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Petfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot.be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interelted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \defcribing them] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame, to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Incerell of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable, and the Caftner or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of -Money, mentioning and fpccifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank a3 aforefaid.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Lurchafeof any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or to 'any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who ihall have been in Pofteflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and ail Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofteftion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PolTcffion, until the contrary -fhall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or lnte eit of the Bank Annuities to be- purchafed with fuch

In cafe of not making out Titles.

Where any

Quettion (hall arife touching any Title to the Money to be paid, the Perfon in Pof-feffion (hall be entitled.

428

47° GEOH GII III. ScHl 2. Cap. 22.

Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs ir (hall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch PoiTdlion was a wrongful Polfeflion, and that foine other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eflate or Intereft therein.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Ads and this Act, the Purchafe Money of the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in puri'uance of the faid recited Acts and this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to 'i ime to be made in purfuance of the faid Ads and this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Couit fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Ads and this Ad:, who fhall from Time to ‘l ime pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall dired.

ttwlxpcncei XIII. And be it further enaded. That all the Colts, Charges, and ofthisAdV Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining andpaffingof this Ad, fhall be paid and difeharged out of any Money already colleded or received by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or out of the firft Monies to arife by virtue of the faid recited Acts, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever ; and that after Payment thereof, the Tolls authorized to be colleded and received by the faid recited Ads fhall, during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted, be and remain fubjed and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which fhall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid Tolls, and of all Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpedively.

Public Ad. XIV. And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad.and fhall be judicially takenNotice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

The Couit of Chancery may order reafonable Expences to be paid by the TrufLei.

Commencement and Dotation ef it.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhall commence upon the paffing thereof, and fhall continue and be in force, and be exe* cuted for and during the Refidue now' to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Ads, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Maje.'ly, 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«************4*t*M********t************************«

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stibbing* ton-cum-Wandesford other wife Wansford, and the Hamlet of Sibfon within the faid Parifh, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

WHEREAS there are within the Parifh of Stibbington-cm-IVandesford otherwise Wansford, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, and in the Hamlet or Sibfon within the faid Parifh of Stibbington-cum-lWandesford otherwife Wansford, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paltures, Commons, and Wafte Lands, containing together Five hundred Acres and upwards: And whereas there is alio a certain Common Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and The Holme, containing S:xcy-five Acres or thereabouts, Parc whereof lies in the faid Hamlet of Sibfon, and other Part thereof in the Parifh of Water Newton, in the faid County of Huntingdon, the Property and Occupation of which annually fhift, and the Boundaries of the faid Hamlet and Parifh of Water Newton therein are undefined and uncertain : And whereas the Moft Noble John Duke of Bedford is Lord of the Manor of Sibfon aforefaid, and claims ro be Lord of .a Manor of Stib-

Seff 2.

[25th July 1807.]

L lot. &Per.}

5 3.

bington,

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 23.

btngion, in ihe faid Parifh of Stibbington-cum-Wandesford otherwife Wans* ford: And whereas William Walcot Efquire alfo claims to be Lord of a Manor of Stibbington, in the laid Parifli of Stibbington~cum-WanJesford otherwile Wansford: And whereas the faid Join Duke of Bedford is fcifed of tlxr Rrcfory and Advowton of die Parifh Church of Stibbington-eum-Wandesford otherwife Wunsfrd afortfaid, and of the Right of Patronage and Prtfentation of, ib, and to the fame; and William Wing Clerk, is Rtdbor of the faid Reftory and Parifli Church, and as fuch is entiled ta certain Glebe Land', Parcel of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and C mnn>n Paftutes, and has as daimsto have rei-tain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Inrerefts in, over, and upon the fame, and in, ovr, and upon the faid Commons and Walle Lands, and as fuch Rector as afurefaid is alfo entitled to all Tyihes, both Grea*: and 5 nail, arifng, renewing, and in; rrafing Within the faid Parifli of Stibbingtcn-cum-Wande’ford otherwife Wansford, and within the faid Hamlet of Sibfon: And whereas I he faid John Duke of Bedford William Walcot Efqure, and others, are Owners and Prop-ietors of, or otherwife in-rerelted in the Lid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftures, Commons, and Wafte Lands, and are or claim to be alfo entitled to certain Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Interefts in, ovet, and open the fame : And whereas an Adt was pafled in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jefty, intituled. An Aft for confalidating in one Aft certain Provifwns vfually infer ted i:i AOs of It: clef are, and for facilitating the Mode of proving tie feveral Fafts ufually required on the pajjing of fuch Afts: And whereas the PiOptrties of the faid feveral Owners and Proprietors of and in the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paftures, are very .much intermixed, and are inconveniently fituated for Cultiyation, and in their prefent State are incapable of any -confidtrabk Improvement, and it will be highly advantageous to luch Owners and Proprietors, and to the feveral Perfons entitled to Rigiits of Common and other Commonable Rights as aforefaid, if the faid Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and The Holme was divided and allotted unto and amongft the feveral Owners and Proprietors, and other Perfor.s inu-refted rherein, according and in proportion to their refpeflive Eftates, Rights, and Interefts, and if fuch Allotments were conveniently laid together ; and it all other of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow', Common Paltures, Common', and Walle Lands, were divided ard allotted unto and amongtt the leveral Owners and Proprietors, and other Perlotis interefted therein, recording and in proportion to their refpediive EfLttes, Rights, and lnterefts, and if luch laft mentioned Allotments were conveniently laid together and inclofcd; and it will alfo be very advantageous to the Parties interefted in all the Lands and Grounds within the laid P.irifh of S libbing tor, - cum-Wa r.drsfora otherwife Wandsford, anti within the laid Hamlet ot Sibfon, ir the lame, in ConL fideraiion of an adequate Curopenlation, were ddcharged Irom Tyrhes; but iua much as the laid fcversl Obj.dbs cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and he it enafted -by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Ad'ice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and J cinpoial, and Com motif, in this prelent Parliament aficmbled, and by • -air*. D	.12	►	- -	the

47° GEORGII III. Seff.a. Cap. 23.	431

the Authority of the time, That the faid Meadow, called Sibfon Meadow ?nd The Holme, (hall be divided and allotted, and that all other of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftures,

Commons, and VVafte Lands, (hall be divided, allotted, and in*

clofed, and thar all the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parilh of

StibbingtoN-cum Wandesford otherwife IVamford, and within the faid Ham-

Jet of Sibfen, iubjeck and liable to Tythes, fhall be difcharged therefrom ;

and that Edward Hare of Gajlor in the County of Northampton, Henry Commiffion-

C> of It of Elton in the County of Huntingdon, and John Bure bam ciCon- ers>

pbigfoin the County of Lincoln, Gentlemen, and their Succeffors, to be

elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby

appointed Commillioners for valuing, dividing, and allotting the faid

Meadow called Sibfon Mea low and The Holme, and for valuing, dividing,

allotting, and inch fing all other of the faid Open and Common Ficlus,

Common Meadows, Common Paftures, Commons, and Wafte Lands,

and for dilcharging from Tythes all the Lands and Grounds within

the (aid Paiifh of Sttbbington-cum Wandesford otherwife Wansford, and

within the fud Hamlet of Sibfon , fubjeft or liable torhe Payment of the

fame, ami fur putting this and the faid recited Adi in Execution, in

Manner and fubjeft to the Rules, Orders, and Direftior.s herein-after

contained, and alio lubjcd to the Powers, Provifions, and Regulations

of the faid recited Aft (except where the fame are hereby varied or

alte'ed); and that ail Powers and Authorities, Directions, Matters, Two Com-

and Things, hereby or by the faid recited Aft given to or direftt d to be mifiionersmay

done and executed by the faid Commillioners, may be done and executed att-

by or before any Two of them, and fhall be as valid and effeftual to all

Intents and Purpofes as if done and executed by or before all the faid

Commiflioners.

■/its to foldtq ■ ir.	j ntjilj nr imu •.(jOtJAVjhu’J mi tnJBUjfl

II.	And be it further enafted, That if any of the Commiffioners Elc&ionof hereby appointed, or who fhall be appointed as herein-after mentioned, new Commif-fhail betore the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in f‘oner8> them refprclively veiled, die, or refufe or become incapable to aft, or without l'otne lawful Caufe negleft to attend a Meeting for putting this Aft in Execution, for the Space of One Calendar Month next after he (hall have received Notice from any Perfon inteiefled in the faid Inclofure, requiring him to attend as a Commillioner, a new Commiflioner, or Commillioners (as the cafe may require) (hall be elefted in Manner following; (that is to fay), if the faid Edward Hare (hall die, or refufe or become incapable to aft, or negleft to attend as afordaid, ic (hall be lawful for the laid John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Afiigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint one other Com-mifiioner not intcrefled in the faid Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure, in the Room of the faid Edward Hare, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commillioner fo to be appointed by the faid John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Afiignr, fhall die, or refufe or become incapable to aft, or negleft to attend as atorelaid ; and in cafe the faid Henry Crofts (hall die, or refufe or become incapable to aft, or negleft to attend as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid William IVolcot, his Heirs or Afiigns, to appoint one other Commillioner, not interefled in the faid Inclofure, in the Room of the fair! Henry Crofts, and fo from Time to Time as often as any

Commiflioner

.32	^“GEORGII	III.	Seff.2.	Cap.	23.

CommiCHoner fo to be appointed by the (aid William Walcot, his Heir* or Afligns lhall die, reiufe or become incapable to aft, or negleft to

attend as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid John Burcham lhall die, or refufe or .become incapable to aft, or negleft to attend as aforefaid, it lhall be lawful for the faid William Wing and his Succcfibrs, Reftors for the Time being of the laid Parilh of Stibbington-cum-Wandaford other-wife Wansford, to appoint one other Commiflioner, not intereltcd in the '	laid IncJofure, in the Room of him the faid John Burtbam, and fo from

Time to Time as often as any Commiffioner to be appointed by the faid William Wing or his Succeffors, lhall die, or refufe or become incapable to aft. or negieft to attend as aforefaid ; and in cafe any of the faid Parties fhall make Default in appointing any fuch new Commiflioner within One Calendar Month after the Death of any Commiflioner, or his Refufal or : ecoming incapable to aft, or Negleft of Attendance as aforefaid, then the furvivingor remaining Commifltoners or Commiflioner (hall, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their pr his H inds or Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the faid One Calendar Month allowed to the refpeftive Parties for naming fuch new Commiflioner or Commifliontrs by them refpeftively as afo efaid, to appoint one other Commiflioner not interefled in the Pre* rriifeJ, in the Room of every fuch Commiflioner fo dying, rttufing, or becoming incapable to aft, or neglefting to attend as aforefaid } and every Commiflioner to be appointed as aforetaid lhall have the like Power and \	Authority	in	all	refpefts as the Commiflioner, in whofe Place he fhall be

appointed, was iuvefled with by virtue of this Aft.

^suneyorV W* And be it further enafted. That all fuch Surveys, Admeafure-menrs, and Plans as fhall be neceflary and requifiie to be made ai.d taken for the Purpofes of dividing, allotting, or inclcfing the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paftmes, Commons and Walk Lands, fhall be made and taken by Edward Arden of Siani/ord in the County of Lincoln, Land Surveyor ; and in cafe Appointment of the Death, Inability, Negleft, or Relufal to aft of the faid Edward ef new Sur- Ai den, ihtn by fuch other Perfon or Perfons as the faid Corrmiflion-vey°r- trs fhall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands nominate and appoint.

Cornmiflion- ^’ And be it further enafted. That out of the Money that lhall be ers, cleiks. railed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, Aitawaw?.0** l^ere ke paid to each of the Commifltoners appointed or to be appointed as alorefaid, and their Clerk, as a Recompence for his Puins, Trouble, and Expences therein, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and S'xpence, and no more, for each Day he fhall he employed in travelling to, r turning from, and attending any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or otherwiie for the Execution of this Aft ; and thac the laid Commiflioners and their Clerk lhall defray their Travelling Expences, and alfo their own Expences, ;.t all tub Meetings and adjourned Meetings as aforefaid j and that there lhall be paid to the Survey :r appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Cummifioners lhall cotifider to be juft and rcafon-

4 $3

47° GE ORG'II III. Stff. 2. Cap. 23.

ah!?, for his Pains, Trouble, and Expenccs in the Execution of this Act.

V,	And be it further enaded, That the fa id Commiffioners'fhall caufc Notice of Nonce 10 be given in the Parilh Churches of Stibbington-aOn-Wandesford MeetinS*' otherwife Wamford, and Water Newton aforefaid, on lome Sunday im-Biedintely after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the faid feveral Churches, and aifo by Advertile-rnent to be inferred in fome Ndwfpaper circulated in the faid Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, if the Time and Place of their Firth and ever < her Meeting for executing the Powers hereby veiled in them, at leaf! Ten Days before any fitch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) * and that the faid Commiffioners (h.dl and may A-trum-x^t adjourn any f ch Meeting from Time to Time, and from Place to “Meeting*. Place, within Eight Miles of the faid P^rifh of Stibbington-cumWan-desford otherwife Wansfurd, as they lhall fee Occafion, for the further Execution of this Act ; and in cafe Two Comrruffioners (hall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting fhall be adjourned, it (hall be lawful for any one of the faid Co n-miffioners preftnt at any fuch Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or for the Clerk to ihe laid Commiffioners, to adjourn the fame to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be held at the fame or any other Place within Eight Miles of the fai.l Parifh of Stibbington-cum-Wande.ford otherwife Wanford, and the Com-miffiantr or Clerk making fuch Adjournment lhall give Notice thereof to the abfenc Commiffioners.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all other other Notice* Notices neceflary or requifite to be given by the faid Commiffioners In h?wt°t>« purluance of this Ad, the Manner of giving which is not hereby £-l'cn' otherwife d reded, (hall be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the faid Pabffi Churches of Stibb'vgton-am-Wandesford otherwife Wans-ford, and Water Newton, or be given by Advcrtifement in lome N-'wfpaper ciiculated in the faid Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute or Difference ^7™iete?* fhall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be inte- mineDtf-relled in the Lards and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, Putcs« in purfuance of this Ad or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the feveral R ghts nnd Interefls which they or any of them lhall have or claim to have in, over, upon, or out of the faid Lands and Grounds, or cny Part hereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, or Inclofure, it fhall be lawful for the ia d Commiffi ners, and they arc hereby authorized, upon Examination of any Witnels or WirnelLs upon Oath (which Oath any one of the Commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminiller), or upon any other Efficient Evidence and Satisfaction, to hear and determine the (am?: Provided always, that nothing in this or the faid recited Ad hut not to contained, lhall authorize the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title xit'e*!^'' \Loc. V Per.-]	5r	to

4'34-

Cjtnmiflfion-crs may xwaul Colts.

Parties may Try th-ir K'g ts l>y an lflue at Law.

47° GEORG It III. Seir. 2. Cap. 23.

to any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditament; what-foever.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners, (hall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be deliveied to them in purfuance of this or of (he faid recited Aft, or upon the Hearing of any fuch Difpute or D if reace as aforefaid, lee Catife to award any Colts, it (hall be lawful for them and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefr, and award iuch Colts and Charges as they (hail think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in vihole Favour any Determination of the laid Commi.Tioners lhall be made, by the Perfon orPerfons agnind wh in any fuch Determination (hall be made ; and in cafe the Perfon or Per tons who (hall be liable to pay fuch Cods and Charges, (hall negleft or refufe to pay file fame on D-mand, then and in fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Commif-fioners, ard they are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Perion or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cods and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Gixds and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing to pay the fame, wherever the fame (hall be found, in fuch and the fame Manner as Landlords are authorized and enabled to do by Law for Kmc in Arrear, rendering upon Demand the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arifing from fuch Sale, after deducing the Cods and Expences attending Iuch Didrefs and Sale, to the Perfon or Perfons whole Goods and Chattels (hall have been lo didrained and fold.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any

Perfon or Perfons intereded, or claiming to be intereftrd as aforefaid, fh ifl be difi'atisfied with any Determinuion of the faid Comm ffioners, touching or concerning anv Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereds, in, over, upon, or out of the Lands and G'ounds intended to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, or difeharged from Tythes ;n purfu nee of this Aft, or any Pait thereof, it (hah be lav'.ful for the Perfon o Pcrlons fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law f the M itter fo determined by the (aid Comm'ffior.ers, at the fird or f cbnd'Affiz s to be holden, next after the Determination of die faid ComnnHioners, in and for the County in which the Lands or Grounds, in rel'peft whereof any fuch Determination (hall have be n m uie, (hall be ft uate ; and for that Purpofe the Perion or Perfons who (hall be diffatis-fied with Iuch Determination, (hall caule an Aftion to be brought upon a feigned Iffue againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determi-■nati> n lhall have been made, w.thin Three Calendar Months next after the Dec" miration of the faid Comm ffiontrs (hall have taken place ; and the Deft-ndant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Actions (hall, and he, (lie, or they i< and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attor-r.its w in lha l appear therero or file Common Bad, and accept one or more Iffue or lllues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and tne Rights thtreoy i Tided on, in v be tried and determined, fuch Iffue or Iffues to be let 1-d by the prop-1 Officer of the Court an which the faid Aftion or Aarons lh.nl be comm,treed, jn cafe the Parties (hall differ about the u\i	fame;

435

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 23.

fame ; and the Vcrdidl or Verdicts which fhall be given in fuch Action or Actions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon ail and every Per-fon and Pcrfons whatnfoever, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Actions fhall be brought fhall fet afide fut h Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be bad thereon, which it fhall be iawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes ; and that after fuch Verdict or Verdicts (hall be obtained, and not fee afide by the Court, the faid Coir-miffioners (hall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or dilallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials : Provided always, that the D termira-Determination of the faid Comtr.iluoners, touching fuch Claim or mtfolwto’ Claims to fuch Rights of Common, cr other Rights or Intercfo in, be final it not ever, upon, or out of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be £bJ divided, allotted, or incloied, and difehargd from Tythes, or any Pait brought, thereof, which lliall not be objected to, or being objeded to, the Party or Parties objecting (hall not caule fuch Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in asaforefaid, (hall be binding, final, and cor.clufive upon all Parties interelted.

X.	And be it further enaded. That if any of the Parties, inanyAdion proceeding* to be brought in purfuance of this or the (aid recited Ad, (hall dre pend- nai to abate, ing the fame, fuch Action fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Formor(en-Commiflioners, with the Conlent in Writing under theHand or Hands, ( r, ingB undary being a Body Corporate, under the Common Seal) of the Lord or Lorus, Fcnce,>

Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors adjoining to the faid Parilh of Stibbington-cum-lVandtsford otherwife IVansford, and the faid Hamlet of

Sibfon, or either of them, and of the major Part in Value of the Owners 01 Piopnetors of the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Pa ifh or Pa-rifhes, and of ihe Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which any Bounda y Fence or Fences, as next herein-after mentioned, fhall or may be i. tended to be made, in order to fhorten and make regu'ar the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act diredted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in the faid Parifh of <S'tilbington-cum-Wand sford other wile Wandsford, and the faid Hamlet of Sibfon, or either of th; m, and any adjoining Parifh or Parifhes, to fet out, alcertain, and determine, and to raile and rm.ke in fuch Lines as they fhall think proper and convenient, the Boundary Fence or Fences to be made between tjie Lards and Grounds by this Adi directed to be divided, ■ alio:t d, or incloied, in the faid Parifh of Stibbington-cum-lVandesford otherwife IVans-f“'d, as d thef 4 Hamlet of Sibfon, or either of them, and fuch adjoining Pa ifh or P rilbes ; and alier fuch Boundary fhall be fo made, let our,

•ifcertamed, and detrmined as aforefaid, the fame fhall bt fenced, and Inch Fence or Fences made, anu kepr .in Repair, in fuch Manner and by iuch I’erlon 01 P,-rfons as the laid Comm.fiioncrs lhail order and direct, and fhall fir evei therraftir be deemed and raken to be the Boundaries be--tween the faid Parifn o Stilbmg;on-turn-’A an. tsfrd otherwife Wanyford, and the laid Hamlet of \bfcn, and Iuch adjoining Parilh or Panlhis, any LTfagc or Cuftom to the contrary notwithttanding } and a Defcription of

the

43 6

OKI Roa^s

may be [topped up.

Old Roads to bs deemed Pait of the Land* to be aiiotied.

Not to be flopped up ti 1 new ones trade*

Comnviflion-ers may make Drains, &c.

Allotments for Watering Pinces and for Repair of Roads*

47° GE ORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 2y

the Boundaries ro be made, let out, ai'certained. and determined as afore* laid, dial! be i i'erted in the Award of the Lid Commilfioners.

XII.	And be it farther enacted, That it fhall he lawful for the fa id Comm ffioners, and they are hereby authorised ar.d empowered, with the Concu'rem.e and Order or Two Juftices cf the Peace ailing in and tor the Divifion wherein any fuch Road as next herem-after mentioned thall be fituate, and wiio lhail not be intcrefted in the Repair of ihe lame, to divert, turn or ftrp any old or accuftomed Road ur Way (not b ins: a Turnpike Roan) lying or being in or palling or lending through anv Part of die laid Pari.h of Slibbiitgion-eum-fVandcsferd other, wife IVans/wd, and the laid llar.ilet of Sibfun, or either of r.tem ; and fuch Order flsall be fubjed i<> an Appeal to the Quarter Sdlions, in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Redaction , as if the fame had been originally nude by fuch Juftiees; and tiiac the Roads or Ways which fiiall be lb ttopp'd up lhail be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, by virtue cf this Act : Provided always, that none of the prefenc public Roads over the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or inclofed as aforefaid, fhall be (hut up or cfifcontifined, until the faid Commif-fioners lhail have caufed the new public Roads to be fet out, and properly formed, and made Lfe and convenient fur Iiorfes, Cattle, and Carriages.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the Lid Commifi!oners (hall and may fcour, widen alter, repair, or rebuild all fuch ancient Brooks, Ditches, Draim, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Watergates, Banks and Budges in the faid Parilh of Slibbmgton-cum-Wandesford other wife Wur.sford, and in the faid Hamlet of Sibfon, as they in their D feretion lhail think necefiary ; and alio fhall and may make and ered fuch new Ditches, Drains, Watcrcourfes, Tunnels, Watergate, Bunks, and Bridges, as well in, through, ami over the Lands and Grounds hereby dirtded to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, as in, thiough, and over any ancient Inclofures or other Lands and Grounds in the Parifh and Hamlet laft aforefaid, of luch Bieadth, Dep-'h, and Dimenfion?, and in fuch Diredions, as the Lid Commi.fioners (hill think proper, making Compenfation to the Perfon or Pcrfons who (hall be injured thereby •, and the (aid Commiffiomrs (hall and may, and they are hereby d rr.de i in and by their laid A ward to order and direft by whom, at wh- le I xnence, at what Time, and in what Manner, the faid Brooks, D td.es, Drains, VYatercou fts, Tunnels, Watergate?, Banks, and Bridge-, (hall be made, and thereafter cleanfed, 'coured, main amed, and k pt in lepair : Provided always, that n Brook or Wjt.-rr.uT< (hall be diverted or turned without the C nfer.t in Writing ,f tin OAiier or Owners of tiie Lands from which fuch Brook or Wa er ourfe hull be diverttd, or into whule Land the Lme lhail be turned.

XIV.	And be it fuitl.fr enabled, that the Lid Commiflicners fhall, and they arr hereby required (it th y lhail tnii k it nricflarv) to fet out and allot fuch Pail or Paits of the Lands and Grounds lunate in

the

437

47° G EORG11 III. Seff.2. Cap.23.

the raid Paxifh of Stibbtngton~cm<7andesfordo\.\\trmfc Wins ford, and the faid Hamlet ot Si fon, or either ot them, to hr di idrd, ailditeil, or incloled by virtue of this Ad, as they (hill thmk p op -r, un/o the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the f..id Par lh of Stibbington-iUm-Wandrsford otherwife JVansford, and to the Survey rs of the Highways of the faid Hamlet of Sibfon, to be ufed for tne Pur-pofe of Public Watering Places for Cattle, and tor getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, CPy, Marl, Mortar, aRd other Materials for making and repairing the public and private Roads and Ways within the fa;d Parvth and Hamlet, and for fuch other Ufcs and-Purpofes a; the faid Com mifii oners (hall diieft ; and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be veiled in fuch Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, in fuch Proportions as the laid Comimffioners (hall by their Award'cfcreft, and (hall be let .by him mr them tor the bed Rent that can be ^ocured for the fame, and fuch Rent (hall be applied by him or them in [repairing the public Roatfa and Ways within the fame Parifh and Hamlet'; and Tue'h Suf-veyor or Surveyors fh.il 1 account to the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the fame Panlh and Hamlet, touching the Application thereof,, asnnuully, at fuch Days and Times as (hall be'appointed in a Vef-try tor paffing the Accounts of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors.

!• l o'	e	■/' Cl ■	■”» . 'I 11	"	'T

XV.	And be it furrh-r enafted, That the faid Commiflioiterfe' fhall alfo let out and allot, either together or in Pireels, Unto add frif the Reftor of the laid Reftory and Parifh Church of S'ib’ingtjn-cum-Wandes-ford otherwne Wutisfvrd aforefaid,3 and his Succtif rs. Id mu£h and fuch Part or Parts of the Lin'ds and Grounds hereby direfled o ne divided, allotted, or incloled, fruate ‘in the faid Parish of Stibbington-eum-W,jtdesfcrd otherwPe W'ansfo d aforefaid, as in th- Judgeme t of the laid Cr mm tiime^s fhall be a full (equivalent and Comp.-nlaiion to the faid Rector and his Suceeflbts, for all (he Glebe Lands lying withia ant fot all Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights whattoever, in, over, and upon, the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common P. fb.des. Commons, and Wade Lands to the faid Reftory belonging or ap^ er.aining.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Comrriflioners fhall and tney are hereby authoriled ‘and required (after having fet out the nectffiry Roads, Ways, and Drams in, over*, and through the Lands and Grounds fituate in the faid Parifh of StibbingtQ»-cum-Wandesford othrrwifr Wansfoi d, and the (aid Hamlet of Stbjon, intended to be divided, allotted, or inclofed by virtue cf this Aft, purluant to the Directions contained in the faid recited Aft, and the Allotment or Allotments to the Surveyors of the Highways as aforefaid, and alfo the Allotment or Allotments to the laid Rtftor as aforefaid, for or in feu of his Glebe Lands and Rights of Common aforefaid) to fet out and allot unto and for the faid Reftor and his Succeif rs, fo much and fuch Part or Part? of the Lands and Grounds in Sttbbtngton-cum-Wandesfora otherwife Wamford aforela.d, to be divided, allotce I,, or lticlofe i by virtue of the -ift, as flia|l jn the Judgement of the faid Comtmffioners

[Loc. id Per.-]	ss	be

. "*C

Allotment to the Reftor tor Glebe.

Allotment for Tcthes.

43.3	47°GEORGII	HI.	Seff.	2. Cap. 23.

be equ'l in Value yafte' making fuch Deduftions as aforelaid) to ■ One-fin Fat of all he Aribie or Tillage Land,, and to O e-eighth Fart of ail the.otlvr Lands wi hin the la d lad-mentioned Paflh and Hr let, which are fufjtft and liable to the Favment ot Tithes in K nd ; a id ihr Allotment or A 1 otm n s fo to be made lhall be in lieu o!, anu in full Recompence, Satistaftun, and Compenlation for all and all Manner of T>thc , both Great aid Small, arifing, renewing, or be,:o nino due and payabl , in, upon, or from ihe Lands and Grounds Within the Lid la(l-meritioned Farilh and Hamlet (except and <nwav:> nLiving unto the faid Reftor anti his Succtflbrs, the ulual and atcuftoned Mortu ric , Falter Offerings, and Surplice Fee?, p.iya le unco him or then ).

Proprietors n v having fuificient » )pen field L Lid, to make Coin-p« ifation in Money*

XVII.	And he it further enaft d. That in caL there are any Home-deads, Gardens, Orchards, or ancient inclofed Lands and Grounds, in the faid lad mentioned Farilh and Hamlet, the refprftive Froorie-tors whereof (hill not be ent tied to any or not to Ja lufficient Intered or P- 'perty in the Lands and Grounds in 'he laid Pa ilh of Stibbington-cum-Wandesford o herwif Wansjord, to be divided, allotted, or in-clof J by v.rtue of this Aft, to make Compenlation for the Tithes payable thereout, luch Propdetors (hall re'p ftivcly pay or caufe to be paid onto fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at luch Time or Times, as the faid Conimiffioners lhall appoint, luch Sum or Sums of Money as the lad Commilfioners (hall adjudge and determine to be a full C impeniation and Satisfaction tor the Tythes ot loch Homrdeads, Gaidcns, Orchards, or anrie.it inclofed Lands and Grounds reipeftively or of fuch P rt theicof tor wmth a Co.npenfatipn in Land cannot be made by him, her, or them as atorelaid ; which S am or Sums lhall be applied towards defraying the Share and Troportion, Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and palling this Act, and of carrying the lame into Execution, which lhall by the laid Comtn flioners be ordered and appointed to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, whole Lands or Grounds lhall have been taken and appropriated tor the Purpofe of difeharging fuch lalf-mcn-tinned HonidV-ads, Gardens, Or'haids, or ancient inclofed Lands and Grounds from Tvhrs, in fuch Proportions us (hall be equitable; and the Refidue and Remainder of fuch Sim and Sums of Money lhall be divided amongft and paid to luch Propr etor or Proprietors, and lhall and may be raifed and recovered in like Manner as fuch laft-mentioned Charges and Expences are by the faid rtcited Aft or this Aft directed to be raifed and recovered ; and it any of fuch lalt mentioned Pripietor or Proprietors lhall not be Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, then his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proper ions, ot fuch Surplus Money, lhall be applied and difpoLd of in the Lrnc Manner as any Sum of Money to be paid for the Puri hale or Exchange of any Land-, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, (and which Sum of Money oughc to be laid out in the Furchale ot other Lands, Tenements, or Herediraments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes), is by the laid Aft of the Forty fi ft Year of His prelenc Majtfty authoriled or directed to be applied and diipofed of.

XVIII. And

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.23.	439

XVIII.	And be it furrhcr enacted, That the faid C cumiflioners fhall	18

and they are hereby aurhonled and required to fet out and allot unto Manors in and for the Owner or Owners of the Manors within the faid Parifh £jjj',tot

of Stibbington-cumWandsford o* her wile IVansford, and Hamlet of Sib-fori, fuch Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby dirrfted to be divided, allotted, and incinf d, as (hall in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to One rwentieth Part of the faid Commons and Wade Lands, and (hall apportion the fame according to the Right and Intereit, or Rights and Inter'-fts, ot fuch Owner or Owners relpectivelv in the Soil ot the faid Commons and Waite Lands, and the lame (hall be in lieu and in full Bir and Compenlation for all Right of soil in fuch Commons and Waite Lands.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners Ihal1 $£%£££ in the next Place fet out and allot all the Refidue and Remainder

ot the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, or inclofcd, unto, between and amongft the feveral Proprietors of and Perfons interefted in the faid Lands and Grounds, in Proportion and according to their feveral and refpefttvc Shares, Intertits,

Rights of Common, and other Rights therein.

XX.	And whereas certain Glebe Lands belonging to thfc faid Rec- Allotment t»

tory lie intermixed with old inclofcd Lands of the laid John Duke of	CMebe

Bedford, in (he faid Hamlet of Sibfon, be it further cnafted, That i*sibfrn. the laid Commiflioners (ball deduct from fome Allotment or Allotments, to be made to the faid Duke by virtue of this Aft, as much

Land as in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners (ball be a full Equivalent and Compensation for all fuch Glebe Lands, and for the Rights of Common (if any) therero beiongii g, and (hall allot and award fuch Land unto the (aid Reftor and his Succeflors, in lieu of fuch Gkbe Lands and Rights of Common} and the faid Glebe Land*

(hall, by the faid Commiflioners, be allotted and awardtd unto the faid Duke in Exchange for the Land of the faid Duke, to be dedufted as aforelaid i and the Allotment fo to be made to the Reftor as laft aforclaid, (hall be ring-fenced, and inclofcd at the Expence of the faid Duke, in the M .nner the other Allotments to the faid Rector are hereinafter airefted to be ring-fenced and inclofed.

XXI.	And be it further enaftecl, That all Lands and Grounds which Allotment* (hall oc allotted by virue of this or the fan! recited Aft, to any Per- «°ht •f>h* fon or Perfons, for or in refpeft of any Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, l*TbeT“ad* or Grounds, holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court tor which Roll, or for or in relpeft of any L alrhold Mefluages, Cottages,

L,inds, or Grounds, or for or in relpeft of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Intereft appurtenant or appendant to any luch Copyhold or Leafehold Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, lhall, from and after the Execution ot the Award of the faid Commiflioners, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Ltafcht Id, and (hall be held as fuch by and under the lame Ttnure*, Rents, Payments, Fines, Cuftoms and Services, as the Copyhold or Leaithold Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds

Tefpeftively,

44 o

phJectioiiB to Alljtmrn'i to be deter jitoed by t*i-Commifiion-

ers.

CommWTl oners to alio to furciMierg.

470 GEORGII III. SdT.2. Cap; ip.

refp dlivelv, for or i refprdt whereof fuch Allotments (hall be ni <J , are now held ; and the faid Commiilliontr- (had, by their (aid Award, de ermine and delcribe the Meftuages, Cottages, Lunds, and C»* u .0$ (ejpefbvely which are to be or remain Copyhold or Lealehold ; a-d <41 other Lands or G:ounds to be allotted by virtue of this A& ( .ivr and exc.-pr fuch as lhail be aicertaintd by the laid Cornmil-floners to be C py old or Lealehold) (ball be from thenceforth deemed, taken, an. rnjoye 1 as Freehold Lands and Grounds, fubjvQ ntverheKf- to fuch Free Rents and Services as are n >w payable out of trie refp dive Mclfuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, for 0/ in refpeifl whereof they (hall or may be allocted.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That when and fo loon as the faid Comm.fiioners lhall have afarramed the r<fpe&ive Stares, Rights, and Imertfts of the faid Proprietors in the Lands and G.omuls to .be divided, allotted, or indued by virtue of this Adt, and alf>> the tefpective Shares and Proportions by them propofed to be allotted to fuch Proprietois r fp dliv ly in lieu thereof, and fuch prop ded A! otment or Allotments (hail be flaked or maikcd out. they the laid Commiflinrrs fhall nold a Meedng at fome convenient Time and Place, when and where the Proprietors may be informed of loch intended Allotments, and fee the Scheme thereof fet out and delineated upon a Map to be produced for their Infpedti o ; and it any of the faid Piopnctors lhail, upon fuch Infp< ebon, be oiffoisfied wicn any of the prupoled Allotments, the laid Coronnllioners lhall at luch Time and Place as laft aforefaid, or at fome other T me and Place to be ap-p mted bv them for that Purpofe, receive S.atemcnts, in Writing, of ihe Complainis and O'jebtiuns of any Proprietor or Proprietors again!! any loch Adotinci is, and lhall to>thwith, or as loon alter as conveniently may Pe, determine the lame, and fuch Determination being, reduced into Writing, and figned by them, lhail.be binding and conciuli.ve upon a)I Paities intetefted in any fuch Allotment or Allotments.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Pcrfon has fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or Ih II at any I iroe before the Exer cution of the Award of the laid Comn.illiontrs fell, or conn act or agree to fell his or for Right, lntereft, or Property, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds tp be divided, allotitd, or iocioiedby virtue of this Act, or any Part, thereof, to any other Perfon, then and in every fuch Calc it lhall le lawful for the faid Comm ffioners, and they are forcoy clirtdltd, authorized, and r quir<d to make an Allotment or Allotments unto the Vendee or Purcfofcr in luen Sale, Co.madt, of Agreement,, and to his or for Leir$ or Aftigns, for or in refpect of fuch Right, lntereft, or Prpptjjy lo fold or cuntiafied, or agreed fo be lold as aforefaid ; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his and her Heirs and Ailigns, lhall and may, from and. 4ier the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Lund lo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Mannci to ali.Lnteijts and Purpofos as the Vendor in every Inch Sale, Concrafi, or Agreement, nugiit, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the lame, in cafe

,	II	foch

t

44*

4.70 GE ORGII III. SciT. 2. Cap. 23

fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement had nor been made, or fuch Right, Intertft, or Property had been veiled in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment or Allotments, and fuch Award as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allot- Allotments nients to be made to the faid Hector in refped of the Glebe Lands to which he is entitled, and the Great and Small Tythes, and the {enceU. Allotment or Allotments to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways ts aferefaid, (hall	rd'pedivtly be fenced	and	ditched on all

fuch Sides or Parts thereof as (hall not be ordered	by	the faid Commil-

lioners to be made by any other Proprietor or Proprietors with Ring or Outermoft Fences and Ditches, made in a proper and fubftandal Manner w th young thriving Quickfcts, well and fufficienrly guarded on each Side thereof, and good and fubltantial Gates lhall be alfo fixed in fuch Parts of the Lid f ences where neccffary, and lhall, for ever afeer the fame lhall be made, raifed, and hung as aforefaid, be maintained and kept in ILpair by the Lid Redor and his Succeflors, and by the Lid Surveyors of the Highwavs for the Time being, as the Lid Contmiflioners fhall	in l.ke Manner order	and	direct ; and the	ofii^' t?rop*;c

faid Commiffi mers lhall	fet out appoint and award	fuch Boundary	tosAllot-

Hedgcs, Ditches, and Fences, for the dividing and inclofing the miUts-fevcral other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Ad, in the faid Parifli of Siibbhigton-cum-lVandesford ocherwile TVamford, and in the faid Hamlet of Sibfon (except in the faid Common Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and The Holme) as they fhall deem neceffary ; and the laid Hedges, Ditches, and Fences lhall be made and at all Times thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by and ar the Expence of fuch of the faid Proprietors to whom fuch Fences Ihdl refpedtively be allotted or direded to belong, within fuch Time, and in fuch Manner and Proportions, as the laid Commiffioners lhall by the Award, or any otherWiiting under their Hands, award, order, dired, or appoint 5 and the Orders and Diredions cf the Lid Commiffioners for the making, and Maintenance and Repair of the fame, lhall be binding on and con-clufive to all Parties.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs Fenceitobe fhall be turned or kept in any Allotment or Allotments to be made "hetpwe"* by virtue of this Ad, (except in the Allotment or Allotments to be kept in th« made, in the Lid Common Meadow called Sibfon Meadow and the Iilclofuie*-Holme, not intended to be inclofed by virtue of this Ad) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo turning in or keeping the fame lhall firft, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence ficient to guard theyoungquickFencesround fuch Allotment or Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by fuch Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether fuch Quick Fences be planted or fet by the Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, of fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid or by the OwnerorOwners,Occupier or Occupiers, cf the ADotmentor Allotments adjoining thereto ; and the Perfon or Perfons who lhall turn fuch Sheep or Lambs into any ol the faid Allotments (except as aforefaid) without having liift well and lufficiently guarded all fuch QuickFences as aforefaid, lhall for iLoc.	Per.J	5 T	every

44-2

No ra*tle to T»? k«*pr n Mie Hoads fo a 1 m ted Tiinc.

Rights of Common and T> thes to ccafe.

Power to va-cate Leafcs at Rack R er.t.

47® GEORGII III. Seff 2. Cap. 23.

«“vi*rv fuch Offence pay any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as Iliad he adjudged and determined by any one of His Majefty's J offices of the Peace f.r the County in which fuch Allotnienc or Allotments (hall be fi uate, not interefted therein, the lame to bi recovered and levied by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Effe&s, of any fuch Pcrion or Perfons, whereloever the fa ne (hail be found, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any fuch Juftice, which Warrant any loch Julticc is hereby authorized and empowered to grant as often as fi? al? be nectffaiy, upon the Confdtion of the Party or on the information of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, which Oath any fuch Juffice is hereby empowered <o adminiller when and as often as occaiion may require •, and the Penalty or Penalties, which (hall be fo recovcied and levied, (hall be paid to ihe Perfun or Pcrlons whofc Quick Fences (lial! be damaged by any fuch Sheep or L mib-,, or, in calc rio Damage (hail be full at tied by them, then to -the Overl'-ers of ihe Poor of the Pariffi wherein fuch Offence (hail have been committed, for the Benefit of the Pcrr of the laui Panfli; and the Overplus of the Monies arifing from any tuchD (trefs and Sale ( f any) after deducting luchPenalty or f orfeiture, and tne Ct.ih and Expcnces attending fuch Diftiefs and Sale, (hall be paid on Demand to the Pcrfon or Pcrlons entitled (hereto.

XXVI.	And be ic further cradled. That no Hotfcs, Affes, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, cr other Cattie, fnall at any Time, within the firft Seven Y’ears after the faid Allotments fnall be fo fet out as afcefaid, be kept in any of the public Roads or Ways to be fet out in purfuance of this or the laid recited Act.

XXVII.	And be it further enafied. That from and immediately after the Execution tf the Lid A"a'd, or at fuch other Time or Times e'ther liefore or after the Execution of the lame, as the faid Ccmmiflionecs fhall by any Writing or Writings under their Hand5, to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of theParilh Churches of Stiblington-cum-Wandu-fori othei wife Wan ford, and Water Neivtcn aforelaid, oil feme Sunday for that Purpofe, limit or appoint all Rights of Common and other Cora-tnon-ble Rights and Intenfts whatfoever, in, over, and upon the Lands, Grounds, Commons and Wafte Lands, to be divided, allotted, or indofed by virtue of this Acl; and all Tythes now arifing, renewing, and growing due and payable within the laid Paiifh of Slihbington-cum-Wandesfotd otherwife Warn ford, and within the faid Hamlet c t Sivjon, (fave ai d except Surplice Fees, Eaifer Offerings, and Mortuaries) (hall crafe, determine, and be for ever txtinguifiied ; any Ulage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof notwirhftanding-

XXVIII.	And be it further cnadied, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commillionets at any Time previous to the Execution of their Award, in all Cafes where they in their Difcretion fhall deem it necdLry or expedient for the due Execution of tb s Act, by any Writing or Writings u, der thoir Hands, 10 be ermine or make voiei all or any of tne Leafcs or Agreements for Leafcs at Ha. k Rent, or from Year to Year, then fubfifting, of the Lands and Grounds to be divided; allotted, or inclofcd by virtue of this Act, or which fhall be exchanged by vutue of this or the laid recited Aft,

and

443

4.7° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap.23.

and of ail other Lands and Hereditaments demifed or agreed to he demifed by or comprifed in fuch Leafes or Agreements refpeftively, either as to the Whole or as to feme Parc or Parts only of the laid Hereditaments compiled in fuch Leales or Agreements refpeftively, and at fuch Ti ne or Times in the Year as the laid Commiflioners {hall think mod convenient and expedient according to the Circumltances of the Cafe j and in all Cafes where any fuch Leafes or Agreements rfiall be determined as afore-Laid, the laid Commiflioners fliall afeertain and determine whether any and what Sum and Sums of Money lhall be paid, or any and what De-dudion or Abatement in the faid referved Rent or Rents {hall be made, by the Leflbrs or Landlords, to the Leflees or Tenants, as a Compen-fation and Satisfadion for fuch total or partial Determination of their refpeftive Leafes or Agreements; andifuch reduced Rents fo afeertained and declared as aforefaid {hall refpedively become payable, and commence at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Com-mifiioners fhall dirtft or appoint, and lhall be recovered in like Manner as the original Rent referved by fuch Leafe or Agreement would hav« been by Law recoverable ; and in all Cafes where any grofs Sum or Sum# of Money {hall by the faid Commiflioners be afeertained as a Compenls* lion to be paid by any Leflbr or Landlord lor determining fuch Leale or Agreem-nt, the fame lhall be ailually paid by fuch Leflbr or Landlord before he or Ihe is put into Pofleflion of the refpedive Lands and Hereditaments compriled in fuch Leafe or Agreement, or of the Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, or any Part thereof; and in all Cafes where fuch fubftfting Leafes or Agreements fhall continue in force, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprized, it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners in like Manner to afeertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents lhall be paid by the Lelfees or Tenants to the Leflbrs or Landlords, for or in refpedt of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments compriled in fuch Leafes or Agreements refpeftively, by reafon of the fame being difeharged from Tythes and exchanged refpedively, or by the Lands and Grounds being divided or inclcfed by virtue of this Ad, and fuch additional Rents fo afeertained and declared as lalt aforefaid, fhall commence ac fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners lhall direft and appoint, and lhall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally referved would have been payable and recoverable if this Aft had not been palled; and it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners in like Manner to fettle, afeertain, and determine the Courfc of Hufbandry to be ufed by fuch Leflees or Tenants during the Remainder of the fubfifting Leafes and Agreements, in all Cafes where they fhall deem it nectlfary and proper fo to do, and fuch Courfe of Hufbandry lhall, from and after the fame lhall be fo fettled, afeertained, and determined, be ufed and followed by fuch Leflees and Tenants during the Remainder of fuch Leafes or Agreements : Provided always, that if there lhall be any Leafe or Leafes of Lands, Part of which lhall lie in the Parilh of Stibbington~cur,i-Wandisford otherwife Wansford, and within the Hamlet of Siifen aforefaid, or either cf them, of in fuch Part of the laid Common Meadow called Sibfcn Meadow and The Holme, as lies within the Lid Parilh of i'tilVmgtim-tum-fVandesfori 1j-	■ •	\	'	‘	otherwife

44-4

CWI’fr Of liulb.indry.

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap. 23.

othrrwifc Wansjardx and other IVt thereof in the f.,id Pari Hi of JVattr Neictm, or in any other Hatilh or Place' adjoining to the fame, or to ih? faid Parifh of Sfffliibgtcn-cum-lJavdciford otherwife (Vansford, and toy (aid Hamlet' of Siifat', or either of them, ail and eveiy Inch Leafe or Leaps upon Rack Rent now fubfifling may and (hall be vacated-, buVwheie any Land fad! have been taken In Exchange, which Land (ha!l be under Lea*e, and wholly fituate in an adjoining Parifh, or in the faid Parifh of Wafer Norton, not being Part of the fa id Common Meadow called Sibfon Meaio:v and The Holms, the Leale of fuch iait mentioned Lands lhati! not be vacated.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners (hail as foori aferr the palling of this Ad as conveniently may be, by Writing or "Whitings under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal outer Doo-s of the Parifh Churches of SlihbiHgton cum-Wanitsford other v.‘Ke IVansford, and IVater Newton afaref.id, on fume Sunday, order and dired the Courfe of Hulbandry that fluff be uied and followed in, ovrr, and upon the Lands and Giottnds to be divided, allotted, or indeed by virtue of this Ad, until the Time when they fluff' have made and completed the faid intended Divifi in and Allotments, as well with rei’ped to the laying down, ploughing, lowing of .Grab Seeds, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the mowing, flocking, and eating the Grafs, Fallows, or Stubbles upon the fa d Lands and Grounds; and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under tlfeir Hands, to be affix'd as aforeiaid, make fuch further Orders, Oiredions, arid Regulations, touching the Conduft of the Farmers and Occupiers of the laid Lands and Grounds, for preventing their improperly cultivating or managing the fame, or committing (Valle thereon or upon any Part thereof, until the Execution of the faid Award,, as to the faid Commiflioners (hall feem expedient, all which Orders, DireSions, and Regulations of the laid Comm flioners (ball be final, binding, and conclufive on all Parties concerned ; and it Ihall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authonzed to fet and impofe fuch pecuniary Penalties and Foifeitures, on eveiy Perlon not conforming to fuch Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as they fhail think neceffary and make as atorefaid, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, for any one Offence; and in cafe the Penalty or Forfeiture fo impofed (hall not be pa d on Demand, it fflall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, or any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under their Hands (which Warrant or Precept the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to grant and mike, as Oceafion (hall require), to enter into and upon any Mdfuage or Tenement, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Occupation of any fuch Perlon ( r Pe.fons fo offending, and to levy fuch Penalty or Forfeiture by Diftrefs of the Goods, Chattels, and Effefls, which fh 'll or may be found thereon, or of a (Efficient Part theie f, and the Goods, Chattels, and Effects, which (hall be fo diflrained, to impound and keep, apprade, fell, and dilpole of, in like Manner, and at fuch Time^ as Landlords are by Law enabled to do for Kent in Arrears and the Overplus of the Monies anfing 4	from

fcr,

id

in-

fo

&

cn,

4

iia

i£

U

fa

in

t

i

47°GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 23.	44$

from any fuch Diftrefs and Sale (if any) after deducing fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Expenccs attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, fhall be paid on Demand to the Perfon or Perfons entitled lliere-to; and fuch Penalty or Forfeiture when received, ihail be applied in defraying the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of executing this Aft.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That the fa:d Commidioners fhall Sarisfacti«i and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to direct, order, and appoint what Re- Crop*, compence or Sarisfadion in M"ney fhall be made for the Crops growing npon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, or inclofcd, and authorized to be exchanged, to the Owner or Owners of the fame Crops, at the Time luch Diviilons, Allotments, and Exchanges fhall be made and take place, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Linds and Grounds, on which fuch Crops are growing, fhall be allotted or given in Exchange, uiilefs fuch Owner or Owners {hall, within the Time to be appointed by the laid Commiflioners for that Purpofe, declare his, her, or their Intention to cut, reap, and carry away the fame ; and in cafe of Non-payment of fuch Recompencc and Satisfadion for fuch Crops, ac the Time and in the Manner to be di. reded by the faid Commiffioneis, or in cafe of fuch Eledion to cut, reap, and carry away the fame, then it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Owner or Owners, and his, her, and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, with Horles, Carts, and Carriages ro enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon fuch Crops fhall be growing, and to cur, reap, and carry away the fame fof his, her, and their own Ufe; and the laid Commiflioners fhall alio, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to afrertain, oijder, and appoint, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, what Recompencc and Satisfadion, in Monty, fhall be pud, and to whom, for the Standage of fuch Crops, by the Owner or Owners eleding to carry away the fame as aforefaid, and alfo what Recompence ancj Satisfadion, in Money, fhall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenrnt or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lind within the faid Parilh of Stibbivgon-cum-Wandesford otherwife JVansford, and within the Hamlet of Sibfon, and Parifh of Water Newton, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands and Grounds which fhall be allotted and divided or given in Exchange by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad, for the Benefic and Advantage accruing thereby to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands and Grounds (hall be allotted, or for any Lois or Diflid-vantage which any luch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, fhall or may fuftain by the Lois of their following or way-going Crops upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted, or given in Exchange ; and if in any or either of the faid Cafes the Money to be uaid for luch Recompence and Satisfadion fhall not be paid at the Time, and in the Manner to be appointed as aforefaid by the faid Commiflioners, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and t! ey are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe of-the Perlon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means [Loc. £5f Per.]	5	V	as

4*6

For ivsikin-Exchanges.

For malting

Esuutiujjs.

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.it.

as the Cofts, Charges, and F.xpenccs of obtaining and executing this Act may be raifed and levied.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That it /hall be lawful for the

fiid Corhmtflioners to fet out, alio', and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatloever, within the laid Parifh of Siibbingian-cttm Wattitsford other wife fp'^nsford, and within the fa id Hamlet of S hi n or-cither of them, in lieu of and in Exchange for anv other Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments whaifoever within the faid Parifh and Harr, let, or either of them, or within any aujbinit g Parifh, I Jamiet, Town-Osip, or Place-, provided that all fucli Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the Lid Cornmiflioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hall Le fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, IT j* ietor or Proprietors, fliall be a !?ody'or Bodies Politic, Corporate,or Collegiate, or a Tenartc or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or fpecial, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Lite or Li^S, or with the Cohiei/t of the Guardians, Trultees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uies, Hufbands, Commftecs, or Acrornies of or a&mgfof any fuch Prupiietors or 'Owners as aiorefai !,•' who at the Time of making fuch F.xcharlge or EXchhnge's fliall be relpeftivcly Infants, Faroes Covert, Lunatic/, or undef any other lrgai Difability, or lhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife dilabled to aft for ihemfelves, himfelf, or hfcrltlr, fuch Confent to be teflifi d’ in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Coipoiate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other contenting Parties lelpiftively; and all and every Exchange ajid Exchanges fo to be made1 lhall be good, valid, and cff^ftual ih the Law, ro all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided nevt-VtheleCs, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Cb'urch, Chapel, or other Eccitfiaflical Benefice, without the Confent certified as aforeiaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of She Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Herediumehts fo to be exchanged fliall lie and be ficuate.	-	,	-	.	.	'	i	i.	.i	.us

a-llA i * \ lQ.il rh:*	JO	i'	-i*f«	-fj r A,',

XXXII.	And be it further enafted. That it lhall be lawful for the faid

Cqn.m.fllorrers, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Requtft in “Writing of any ‘Proprietor of MelRiagcS, Lands, or rierrdi. tamepts in the faid Parifh oflStibbingion-cum-Wimdtsferdotherwife iVadsford, arid ui ‘.h-‘fasti "Hamlet of Sttf»d\r6r in the fa:d Common Meadow called StVfo Mtadcw and the ficlme, or either of them, who is leifed thereof or em.tl'eil thereto In Joint Tenancy or in Coparcenary, or as Tenants in Common, to make Partition and Divifion of the Mefluages, Lands, and A loVfnent or Allotments fo to be m ide by virtue of this Aft, to fuch of the' Owners or Proprietors who fliall be entitled ro the fame as J ant Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the fame acofdi ’gly to fuch Owners and Proprietors in Severalty; and from and immediifily after the faid Allotment or Allotments lhall be fo made ai d declared, the fame (hall be Holden and enjoyed by the Perfcn or Perfons to whom the ‘fame lhall be allotted in Severalty, in 8	fuch

447

47" GEORG11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 23.

fuch agd the fame Manner and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Ufe1:, as the undivided Parts, or Shares cf fuch Eftates would have been held in cafe fuch Partition or Divilion had not been made.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaftcd, That all Cods, Charges, and Exsenctiof Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of this or the faid recited Act, Ihail be paid and

to be paid by

borne by tie fcveral Perfons m iking luch Exchanges or Partitions in the Parties, fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the laid Cornmiflioners Ihail order and direct ; and the lame Ihail and may be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed or referred to lor Recovery of the Colts, Charges, and Expences ot obtaining and executing this Aft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled. That the Colls, Charges, and For defraying Expences of forming, making, and completing the public Roads chargeJTof and Ways which Ihail be fet out and appointed by virtue of this or obtaining and the faid recited Aft, and of making, fcouring, widening, altering, executingihn repairing, erefting, or rebuilding any Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Water-

courfes. Tunnel , Watergates, Banks, or Bridges, and the Colts,

Charges, and Expences of inclofing and ring-fencing any Allotment or Allotments which Ihail be made to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways as herein-before direfted, and to the faid Reftor for and in rtfpeft of the Glebe Lands and Tythes aforefaid (except the Allotment in refpeft of the Glebe Lands in the old Inclofurcs of the laid John Duke of Bedford, in Sibfon aforefaid), and all the Colts and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, or incloled by virtue of this Aft, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and all luch Colts, Charges, and Expences of the faid Ccmmiflioners as aforefaid, and ail other neceflary Colts,

Charges, and Expences of the fevcral Per Tons employed by them in ar.d about the Premiles, and all other Expences of carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, Ihail be borne, paid, and defrayed by all the Proprietors and Owners of Eftates divided, allotted, in-clofed, or difeharged from Tythes by virtue of this Aft, (fave and except the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways, and the faid Reftor and his Succeff.rs, for and in refpeft of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him as aforefaid) in fuch,

Shares and Proportions, and (halt be paid to fuch Perlon or Perfons, and at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Com-	1

miflioners Ihail, in and by their faid Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, either previous to of after the Execution of their faid Award, order, direft, and appoint ; and the faid Commifiioners ire hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, and as often as they Ihail deem it necefliry and proper, to make and form Efti-matc* of all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, and to raife the Amount of fuch Eftimates by a Rate- or Rates accordingly j and in fafe any fuch Proprietor or Proprietor! Ihail refufe or negleft to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of luch

Colls,

„	f't .Wq i ..:dR ,111 IIOil0 ID Vj»

44^	47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.it,.

• Calls, Charges,, and Expences as afortfaid, thca and in fuch Cafe the tame (hall mav be levied and recovered in Manner direfted; by the laid recited Aft.

f-idAgcnt* XXXV. And be it further enafted, That the feveral Proprietor?, to piy their their. Attoruies and Agents, fhlll pay their own Expences, when they <a«a£xpw qt any of them (hall attend the faid Cota midi sners at any of their Meetings to be held in purluance of this Ait.

paidTor Mr* XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That all Monies which (liali ncy advanced, he advanced by any Perfon or Perlons, for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of obtaining and carrying this Ad into Execution, (hall - he repaid with Interefl at the Rate cf Five Pounds per Centum per AriKU'B, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, out of the firft Monies to be raided under and by virtue of this Ad.

Appeals.	XXXVIL	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Per-

fons (Hall thinly himfelf, hcrfelf or tliemlclves aggiicv-d by any Thing ■done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe (<x.cpt where the Orders and Determinations of tbi faid Com-miffioners are hereby or by the laid recited Aft direfted tn. be binding . final, and concluGve and except in fuch Cafes where an Ifiue at Law is., he re in-before /direded to be tried) fuch Perfon or Perlons may appeal to th(e General Quarter St (lions cf the Peace which (hall be hejd in i and ,fur the County of Huntingdon or the faid County of Northampton,. ^ithin Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Appeal (hfaU-^have anfen, on giving to the faid Commiffiomrs and r.O |hy Pajay or parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing «f-Wh Appeal, end the Matter thereof.; and the Juflices (not interfiled; ig ihe^.^cpiiiifes) at (ur,h Srflbns, ate hereby required to hear and detertnincptlie flatter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Grder tbertiq^^nd to award t fucb^Cofts a» they (hall think reafonable, and by t^ei^Qrder or Warrant to levy, the Cods which (hall be awarded by thftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or .Parties-liable to pay the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of;Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of every fuch Didrefs and Sale j and fuch Determination of the laid Juftices (hail be final and conclufive on ail Par ies concerned, and (hall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proccfs whatfoever, into any of His Ma-jtfly’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjier or elfrwhcre.

Wilis ami XXXVIIL And be it further enafted, That nothing in this or the not*lo'be**	fal4 failed Aft, Ilia 11 extend	f?e conflrued to expend to revoke,

»fftcitd.L	make void, alter, or annul. apy; Will or Settlement, or to prejudice

any Perfon or Ptrfms having any Right or Claim cf Dower, Jointure, Ponion, D.bts, Rents, or Incumbrances; out of, upon, or aiTefting .any'of the MeiTuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments tQ.be 3iv.ded, allotted, or exchanged by virtue ox this or the faid reciiefl Aft, or ary Part or .Pafrfs thereof reipcfti.vely, blit that each 4"id every Proprietor lhall (land and be lei fed cf the feveral Mtlfuages,

Tenements,

449

47° GEORGII 111. SefT, 2, Cap. 23.

Tcnemcn L nds, Grounds and Hereditaments, to be allotted to Of exih.ingeti wkb hun or her as atorelaid, to, for, and upon fuch and the r«oie U.e«, and for fuch and the fame Efbtes, and fubjeft to fuch and (he fame Wills, Settlements, Dowers, Jomtures, Portions, Debts, R nts, or Incumbrances, and no other, as the Mcfluages, Tenements, L»n s, Grounds, and Hereditament , whereof fuch Proprietors were fetfed or pofleffctl at or immediately before the Execution of the laid Award, or far which or in icfpeft whereuf iuch Allotments or Exchanges fhalt be made, would have been fubjeft to be charged with, or aflefted by, in cafe this Ad had not been puffed.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded, Th3t once in each and every Year during the Execution of this Ad, fuch Year to be computed from the palling of this Ad, the faid Commidioners (hall, and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ad, and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, (lull be by them laid before John William Bramjlon, of Lincoln s-Inn, in the County of Middlefex, Efquire, or in cafe of his Deceafe or Refufal to aft, then before lorr.e other fit and proper Perfon, not interefted in the Premifes, who lhall be appointed for that Purpofe by the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, who (hall be prefent, by themfelves or their Agents, at any Meeting to be convened for that Purpofe by the faid Commif-fioneis, to be examined and balanced, and fuch Balance (hall be by the faid John William Bramjlon, or fuch other Perfon as aforefaid, ftated in the Book of Accounts, to be kepc in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Ccmmiflioners ; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts lhall be binding cn the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame (hall be duly allowed by him the faid John William Bramjlon, or fuch other Perfon to be appointed as aforefaid.

XL. And be it further enafted. That the Award to be made by the laid Commilfioners, in Manner clirefted by the faid recited Aft, lhall, after the fame lhall be enrolled as direfted by the faid recited Aft, be depofired in a Tin Box in the Parilh Church of Stibbir.gton-cum-Wandesford otherwife Wansford aforefaid.

XLI. Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors," and to all and* every other Perfon and Perfons, Body, and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, (except the fcveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments or other Compenlation ftiall be made in purfuance of this or the laid recited Aft, for and in rtfpeft of fuch Rights and Interefts as are meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguilhcd, and all Perfons rcfpeftivtly claiming under them or in Remainder afeer them) all fuch Righr, litle, and Intereft as they, every, or any of them could or cueht to [Loc. V Per.]	5	X-T	&	have

Accounts !• be laid betoie an Auditor.

Award to be ir.rollcd and depofired in the Chuich.

General

Saving.

45°

Act to be j.rinttd by tlie King s Punter.

4;0 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 23.

have had and enjoyed, in, to or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclofed btfore the palling of this Ad, or in cafe this Ad had not been made.

\ Sa '	-TlVr’w.	-

XLII. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majelly; and a Copy thereof, fo printed, (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.

Oierrtn*



'.VVv,

1 }l j

'1 tit jf

"ia	,ai

fyvttlA.iit-.aomKi) .

Wii wWi1 at ijtfj :eei . rtpr t .htluvv; earb-GctntA i .—i t

•4 t»il +»r 1 idm t: uwA 'fH

j, *$>•«'• b fcw ,Jt»i ximj '' yc b>n )j ; WjHr.Tt f '• ;i • -it f he --.k vStitlf vlfc :j I'a.l i:U ri tru j-

Vi » .»	-	\	■.	.

® i*v . WiT-int:8fwm ,*«*.. 1 • fun	yi

fcwt-'tvta ^ ,w6i .jift’J ► —•	■-■*’ jcii.-jw ^ ivreacMI

Ho *:•»•? ns .Ctauil r : * Mr cm .lit rf5i\*fc»»*r bi»f e'r

4; 1	. *•! je'.'tn * it

b.:a c

■ jr.arn

It! KS Krt a

-ire yt* ’dfc.

0?>

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Se(T. 2.

******************************************************

Cap. 24,

An A£t for incloflng Lands in the Parifli of Lcng-hougbton, in the County of Nor t hum bar land.

[25th July 1807,]

WHEREAS there is within the Parifh of Longbeugbton, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Tract of Wafte Ground, called Longh ought on Common, containing by Estimation Five hundred and twenty Acres, or thereabouts:	And

whereas the Moft Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the Barony of Alnwick., and as fuch is feifed of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties, of, within, and und^r the faid Common Moor or Wafte : And whereas the laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland is alfo Lord of the Manor and borough of Alemuth, in the faid County of Northumberland: And whereas the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Edward Gallon of Alnwick, in the faid County of Northumberland, Efquire, and feveral other Perfons, are feized and pofTeffed of divers Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Barony ot Alnwick and Manor and Borough of Alemouth, or one of them, and within the Parifhes of Longhoughton and Lejbury, or one of them, and in relpedt thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lcffees, Farmers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte : And whereas the faid Common Moor or Wafte, in its prefent State, is of little Ufe or Advantage, but is capable of Cultivation and Improvement; and the feveral Perlons entitled to fuch Right of Common as atoreLid, are willing and defirous that the faid Common Moor or Wafte, with the Content of the faid Lord of the laid Barony and of the faid Manor and Borough Ihould [Lee. £sf Per.2	5	Z	be

J

1

458	47°	GEORGII	III.	Scff.2.	Cap.	24.

Cotmnifron-trs Names.

The Pro-

vilions of (he General A(t to extend to thil Ait.

be divided and allotted, by Cominiffioners in that Behalf to be appointed, amongll the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland and the ftrveral other Perfons entitled to Right of Common thereon, or otherwife imerelted therein refpectively, which' will be advantageous to all the Parties interefted, and tend to the Improvement of their relpective Ellates ; but the fame cannot be eifcfted without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majelly that it may be enaded ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That William Bates of Clarewood, in the faid County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and John Dinning of Navlands, in the laid County of Northumberland, Gentleman, lhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for fetting out, dividing, and allotting the faid Common Moor or Wade, and for putting this Ad into Execution, iti fuch Manner, and fubjed to fuch Regulations as are herein-after contained, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubjed to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Diredions, Authorities, Regulations, Reftridions, and Provifions contained in an Ad palfed in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of Ilis prefent Majelly, intituled, An Ad for confolidating in one Aft certain Provifions ufually inferted in Ads of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Pads ufually required on the pajjing of fuch Ads, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Provifions, or Regulations contained in this Ad.

r ,r choofin	Provided	always,	and be it further enaded, That if the Commillion-

newc»m'"E ers hereby appointed, or either of them, lhall die, or lhall negled to ad mtjiiontrs. for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occafion lhall require their Attendance on the Bufinefs hereby committed to their Charge, or lhall refute to ad, or be rendered incapable of ading by Sicknefs, or by any other Caufe whaifoever,before thePowers and Authorities hereby veiled in them lhall be carried into Execution, a new Commillioner or Commif-fioners lhall and may be nominated and appointed in the Place or Places of him or them fo dying, negleding, or refufing to ad, or rendered incapable as aforefaid, in Manner following; (that is to fay) in cafe the faid William Bates lhall die, negled, or refufe or become incapable to ad as aforefaid, the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Affigns, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the faid Barony of Alnwick, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the faid Barony of Alnwick, being an Infant or Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, lhall and may by any Inftrument in Writing, under his, her, their, or any of their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not being beneficially interelled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, or any Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perfon fo interelled,) to be a Commillioner in the Room of the faid William Bates ; and in cafe the faid John Dinning lhall die, neglett, or refufe, or become incapable to aft as aforefaid, the major Part in value of the Proprietors and Owners of Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Waite, hereby intended to be divided, or their refpeftive Agents prefent at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Notice lhall be given by any Two or more of fuch Proprietors and Owners, or their refpedive Agents, or by the other Commillioner for putting this Act into Execution, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parilh Church of Longhoughtcn afore-

1

»

459

47° GEORGII III. Sefl’.a. 24.

•laid, and alfo caufmg the fame to be inferted in the Reiverjfl 'te-upon-Tyrie Covrnnt Newfpaper.br if that Newlpaptr (hall not then be jWiblifhed, the^i in feme other Newfpaper generally circulated in the County 'of Northumberland, Ten Days at lead before fuch Meeting, (hall arid may by any In-ftrume’-t in Writing under their Hands nominate a proper 1'erfbn (not being bdr-tficially interefted in'the laid Divifion and Inclofure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother, of any Pfiffon fo interefted) to be a Com-ntiffionerin the Room of the faid John Dinning ; and in cale of the Death ofahy Perfon fo to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commiflioner as aforefaid, or of his Negled or Refufal to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, refpedively, by whom fuch Commiflioner was nominated and appointed, their refpedive Heirs, Succefl'ors, Aghnts, Guardians, or Aflignsj (hall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commiflioner in his Room, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy (hall happen by fuch Death, Negled, Refufal, or Incapacity of every fuch new Commiflioner or Commiflioners fo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid ; and eatery Perfon who (hall be nominated and appointed as afore-laid (hall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this’

Ad into Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commiflioner in and by this Ad; which faid feveral Inftruments of Nomination ahd Appointment (hall be enrolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof given in the fame Manner, as in and by the faid Ad and this Ad is direded concerning the general Award to be made by the faid Com-miffioners.

III.	And for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difference or umpire to be Difpute that may arife between the faid Commiflioners, touching or con- appointed, cerning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in pmfuance of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad, be it further enaded.

That the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required, immediately after the taking and fubferibing the Oath or Affirmation by the faid recited Ad direded to be by them taken and fublcribed, by Writing under their Hands to choofe, nominate, and appoint fotne other proper and fkilful Perfon (not interefted in the faid Lands and Grounds, and not being an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perfon (b interefted) who (hall be willing and confent to ad as Umpire, and fuch Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine- any fuch Difference or Difpute as may arife between the faid Commiftioners, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Inclofure ; and the Judgment and1 Determination of the faid Umpire therein lhall be deemed and confidered to be the Judgment and Determination of the faid Ccm-miffioners, and (hall be final and conclufive upon the laid Commiflioners, and upon all other Perfons concerned in the faid Divifion and Inck fure, fo far as the Ads of the laid Commiflioners are by the faid recited Ad and this Aft made final and conclufive: Provided always, that in cale the Perfon fo nominated and appointed by the faid Commiflioners as Umpire (hall die or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to nominate and appoint One other Perfon as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Perfon fo dying, refilling to aft, or becoming incapable of ading in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and ol this Ad, and fo from Time to Time as often as

any

460

47° G EORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 24.

any Perfon fo nominated or appointed' an Umpire, fliall die, or refufe to aft, or become incapable of aftmg in the Execution of the faid Aft and of this Aft ; and in cafe any fuch Umpire fliall negleft to fettle and determine any fuch Difference or Difpute within Thirty Days after the fame fhal! have been referred to him by the faid Commiflioners, Inch Negleft fliall be, and be deemed and taken to be, a Refulal to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

U:»piie to be IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall he aflsb f0ie ^e capable of afting in the Execution of th s Aft as Umpire, until he fhall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath following; (that is to fay),

4	J A. B. do fwear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ foletnnly affirm] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeflly, ac-4 cording to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the * Truft, Power, arid Authority repofed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an 1 Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled, An Aft [here infers the Title of this At7] according to ‘ Equity and good Confcience, and without Favour or AJfeftion to any ‘ Perfon or Perfons whomloever.	‘	So	help	me	GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it fhall and may be lawful to and for either of the laid Commiflioners to adminilter (who is hereby required to ad-roiniftr the fame), and fuch Oath or Affirmation, when fo taken and fubfcribed by fuch Umpire, fhall be annexed to and inrolkd with the Award of the faid Commiflioners.

Oath.

Surveys to V. And be it further enafted, That true and exaft Surveys and Ad-buinsce. meafurements fliall be taken, and fair Plans made of the faid Common Moor or Wafte fo intended to be divided and allotted, and alfo of the feveral Mefluagcs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, fome Time before the Firlt Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, or as foon after as conveniently may be, by John Bell, of the T own and County of NewcaJile-upon-Tyne, Land Surveyor, or ia cafe of the Death, Negleft, Refulal, or Incapacity by Sicknds, or any other Caufe whajfoever, of t :e faid John Belt, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occasion fhall require his Attendance on the Bufinefs of taking and making fuch Surv ys or Admeafurements and flans, then the fame fhall be made and taken by fuch ether fit and proper Perfon, being an experienced Surveyor of Lands (not beneficially interefled in the faid Divilion, nor an Agent to any l’erlon fo interefled) as the Commiflioners for the Time being fliall, bv Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

Surveyor to VI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon or tskeauOu h. Perfons fliall be capable of acir.g as Surveyor aforefaid, until he fliall have taken and fubfcribed before the laid Commiffioners, or One of them, an Oath in the Form following ; (that is to fay),

Surveyor’s	‘ I A.B do fwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeflly aft.

Oath.	4 1 according to the belt of my Saill and Judgement, in furveymg and

4 admeafuring the Common Moor or Wa 'e, intended to be divided and

•	inclofed by \iitue ot an Aft palled in the F’orty-I'eventh Year of the

*	Reign of His Majeffy King George the Third, intituled, An Aft [here

‘ injert

461

47° GEORGII HI. Seff. 2. Cap. 24.

‘ infert the Title of this A£lf\ and in making true Maps or Plans thereof, to « be laid before the Commiflioners for putting the laid Aft into Execution.

‘ So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the faid Commiflioners, or One of them, are and is hereby ”°r"['°tbr'j authorized and required to adminifter, when and fo often as Occafion a mi,“ tre ’ fltail require ; which Oath, and alfo the Inftrument or Inflruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, (hall be refpeftively enrolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof given in the fame Manner, as by the faid Aft and this Aft is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the Arid Commiflioners.

VI!. And be it further enafted, That the Surveys and Admealure. charge rob? merit, including all neceflary Re-furvCys, and all Plans, except the fair pu ilUrveJ'or“ Plan upon Vellum herein-after particularly mentioned, and alfo for letting out the Allotments, attending the Commiflioners, and executing fuch other Bufinefs as fhall nrceffarily have been dene by the faid Surveyor relative to the faid Divifioti, fhall be paid for at and after the Rare of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day in which he fhall have been fo employed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Surveyor fhall, after

the faid Divifion and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds, intended to pbn upon be hereby divided and inciofed, fhall be completed, make a fair Plan veiium of the upon Vellum of all the faid Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby hi*c™«v*f«r divided and allotted, wherein refpeftively fhall be truly and diftinftly de- the tame, lineated, fet down, marked, and expreffed the feveral Matters and Things nc-ceflary or proper to be inferted therein, for the better explaining the Award of the laid Commiflioners, and for which fair Plan upon Vellum the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds fhall be paid, and no more.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all Inclofures and Encroachment^ Encroach-which fhall have been taken from the faid Common Moor or Wafte (fave n.alefor and except fuch as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed fqr the Thirty Years, Space of Thirty Years lafl part, or upwa ds, without any Interruption or p° k^“h,aei1 Payment of any Acknowledgement') fhall be deemed Part and Parcel of Lamb to b« the faid Common Moor or Wafte fo to be divided ; and in cafe any Dif- dividtd-ference or Difpute fhall arife, touching any fuch Inclofures or Encroachments being deemed Pait or Parcel of the faid Common Moor or Wafte,

fuch Differences or Difputes fhall be examined into and determined by the faid Commiflioners.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and Commiflion. they are hereby required to caufe a Notice in Writing under their Hands, ers to 6ive

to be affixed upon the principal boor of the Parifh Church of Long- {?bft'iecmd/ bought on aforefaid, and alfo to be inferted in the Newcafile-upon Tyne "iul Third Courant Newlpaper, of the Time and Place of their Firft, Second, and ^Jh'aA’to Third Meetings refpeftively, which fhall be holden at Alnwick aforefaid be hol.tei.« foi putting this Aft into Execution, at leaft Ten Days next before fuch	fob

refpeftive Meetings; and that the faid Commiflioners fhall and may, fcqtient Meet-after their faid Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint fuch Time and '"**•

Place for every fubfequer.t Meeting as they fhall think proper, caufing a Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Or.tfPrr.]	6	A	V	Door

463

Power fo adjourn fuch Meetings.

If only one Commiilioner prtfent, he may adjourn, giving due Notice to the other Com* miflioner.

Oramiflion-ers to deter-»n»he Differences.

Power to try

d'tputfd Cl amis At Law.

47rGEORGII III. Seff.2. Capt 24-

Door of the Parifh Church of Longhougbton aforefaid, Eight Days at leaft before every fuch fubfequent Meeting; but the laid Commiffioners at the Firft, Second, or Third Mee'.ing, or any other fubfequent Meeting or Meetings, fhall have full Power and Authority, from Time to l ime, as they fhall think it convenient, to continue fuch Firft, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other fubfequent Meeting or Meetings, by Adjourn, inent fiom Day to Day, or in cafe of Sunday intervening, then to the Monday following, for the due Execution of this Aft, without giving any Notice whatfoever : Provided always, that if it fhall happen that no more than One of the faid Commiffioners fhall attend at any Meeting or Meetings aforefaid to be holden purfuant to this Aft, fuch Commiffioner may, and he hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn fuch Meeting or Meetings refpeftively to fuch Time, not exceeding Eight Days, as he fhall fee moft convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the other of the faid Commiffioners : Provided alfo, that all the Meetings of the faid Commiffioners fhall be held at fome Place within the faid Parifh of Longboughton, or within Eight Miles of the Boundary of the faid Parifh.

v XI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute or Difference ffiall happen to arife between the Parties that now are, or fhall before the making the Award herein-after mentioned be intereffe.l in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, or any of them, touching or concerning the rtfixftive Shares ar.d Proportions which they, or any of them (hail claim in the laid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, or touching or concerning the refpeftive Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authoiized and required to hear ar.d determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained ffiall authorize the faid Commiffioners to de'ermine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages, Tythes, Lands, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affefted by this Aft, or any Rights or Interefls therein, or objefting to any fuch Claim or Claims, ffiall be dilfatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, anti fhall be deiirous of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefls refpeftively tried at Law ; and the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo defirous to have the fame tried at Law, fhall and do by themfelves or their refpeftive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or caufe to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Comniifiioners, or either of them, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination (halt have been fo made by the faid Commiffioners, of which Notice the faid Commiffioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as foon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverfe Party or Parties, or his, her, or their relpeftive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their r fpeftive Hands, to be delivered to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents as alorefaid, then but not afterwards it lhall be lawful for the Perfon or Potions, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate,

t

47* GEORGll III. Seff. 2. Cap. 24.	463

porate, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, or their refpedive Heirs, Suc-ceffors, or Afligns, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law, of the fame, at the Affizes to be holden for the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpofe to be commenced in His Majeffy’s Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at IVeJiminjlcr, by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, againfi: the Lord of the faid Barony of Alnwick, or any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, inrerefted in the faid Divifion, who fhall make fuch Objection or Objeftions* within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Notice (hall be given to the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid j and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Actions, fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Iffue or Itfues, whereby all fuch Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interefts, may be properly tried and determined, fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch Action fhall be brought* if the Parties fhall differ about the fame; and the Verdift or Vrrdids which fhall be given in the faid ACtioa or Actions, fhall be final and conclufive to all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Perfons whomfoever; and after any Verditl ot Verdi&s fhali have been obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commillioners fhall and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto : Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in purfuance of this Adt fhall be depending, upon fufficient Caufe fhewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Adtion, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time hetein-before limited for the Trial of fuch Adtion may be thereby exceeded ; but if no fuch Adtion or Actions at Law fhall be brought or commenced by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate giving fuch Notice within the Time aforefaid, or if fuch Adtion or Adtions fhall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the firft Affizes which fhall be holden for the faid County of Northumberland after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving fuch Notice, by or on Account of the Negledt or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in fuch Cafe the Determination of the Commiflioners or Umpire fhall be final, binding, and conclufive unto and upon all Parties whomfoever.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if any of the Aftiom not to Parties in any Adlion or Addons to be brought and profecuted in pur- Death'efa* fuance of this Adt, fhall die, pending the fame, fuch Adlion or Adtions P-rtj.

fhall not abate by Reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Paid Com- rommimon-miflioners fhall, and they are hereby empowered at their Difcretion, upon toatuij Requell made to them by all or any of the Parties in whofe Favour they ' fhall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge fuch Colls and Charges as they fhall think realonable, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch

Party or Parties upon or againfi: the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objedion or Objedions,

Complaint or Complaints, fhall be thereby di(fallowed (as the Cafe fhall happen); and by Warrant under the Elands and Seals of the faid Com-niiflioners to levy fuch Coils aad Charges by Diffrefs and Sale of the

Goods

464	tfG.EQRpll	III.	Seff.2. Cap. 2 4.

Goods and Chattels of fuch laft-rtientioned Perfon.or Perfons, together wkh-the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and in cafe there (hall be no Gbods and Chattels whereby to levy the fame, or in cafe a Body Corporate is-to pay -fueh Cofts, then and in either of fuch Cafes it fhall be lawful for the Perfort or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Cofts fhall be-awarded, to rtfdover (he fame by Aftion or Atftions of Debt, or on the Cale, in which it (hall be fufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum fpecified in the Order of Adjudication made by the faid Comnviliioners, and in confequence of fuch Order

u.	of Adjudication/ 'without letting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had. -f ■	L

Commiffion- XV. And, for thd preventing all Difputes and Differences which may mire •o'what arife touching thfe Repairs of the public Highways and Roads which (hall Town'hiu	b£ fet out and appointed in purfuance of this Act or of the faid Aft of the»

beio!^3'1	Forty-firft Year aforefaid; be it further enabled, That the faid Commit-

ftoners fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required to determine adjudge what Parts of the fail Highways and Roads fo to be fet out and, and appointed (hall or do belong to any Townlhips or Quarters refpcftively, and fhe faid Commiflioners fhall in and by their General Award order and direft by what Towalhips or Quarters refpedtively fuch Highways and Roads (hall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair } and the Owners and Occupiers, for the Time being, in each of fuch Townlhips or Quarters refpectively, fhall, from and after the Execution of the General Award of the faid Commiflioners, maintain, amend, and keep fuch, re-fpe&ive public Highways and Roads in Repair, as fhall be fo determined and adjudged to belong to fuch Tovvnfhips or Quarters refpectively, in the fame Manner as ancient and common public Highways and Roads are by. Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

Aiiofirifntp of , XVI, And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and 0fn'|S'c'mntl1 aTe ^ere^v recl'Jired in the next Place to fet cut, allot, and appoint mo„'0 the" unto tho faid Hugh Duke and Earl of Northumberland, as Lord of the cord of the Barony of Alnwick as aforefaid, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall then Soil?0' f°' '6 be entitled to the Did Barony, his or their Heirs, Succeffors, and Afligns, One full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation con-fidered) of the faid Common Moor or Waite refpeftively fo to be divided and allotted, after deducting the public Carriage Roads, Drains, Water-courfts, and Quarries, in lieu of and as a full Compenfation and Satif-faCiion of his Right and Interdt to the Soil of the faid Common Moor or Wafte fo to, be divided and allotted, and alio for his Ccnfent to the laid Divifion and Inclofure thereof, over and above and exclusive of fuch Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments, of the faid Common Moor or Tract of Waite Ground, as fliall be afligned and allotted to him in refpeft of his feveral Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the laid Common Moor or Waite. ’	-

Tht I o d* XVII. And be it further etta&ed, That fuch One full Sixteenth Part sixteenth tt» on Share'of ttiet faid Common Moor or Waits, when and fo foon a» the Ik mlhcli1 fame lhall be afligned, fet o.ur, allotted, and appointed as alorefai.i, Towni-pttr fhall brand be deemed Part and Parcel of phe faid Barony of tbeTonimf flial} be allot.tad and awarded /<> lie -in luck Townlhips, Quarters, or rioTiers'fi'ait" Places within the faid Parilli Iff Longkoughton as tile Cojamhliq/rers fhall «&*<*•	*■	'	’	allot

4-^5

47° GEORGII III. ScIT.2. Cty.24.

allot and appoint; and that from and immediately after the Execution and Enrolment ot' the General Award of the faid Commiflioners, the faid One Sixteenth Part or Share (hall be, and the fime are hereby declared and enafted to be, and lie within, and (hail be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of Inch Townfliips, Quarters, or Places refpeftively, being within the faid Parifh of Longhoughton, as the fame (hall be fo appointed and awarded to lie as aforelaid, to and tor all Intents and Purpofes what-foever.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners dial!, All tmenu of and they are hereby required in the next Place to fet out, divide, aflign, Commend allot, and appoint the Refidue of the faid Common Moor or Waite, after

the faid feveral Allotments herein-before direfted to be made as aforelaid Ihall have been made and fet out accordingly, unto and among!! the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Edward Gallon, and the feveral Perfons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate refpeftively, having Righc of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Wade refpeftively, in Proportion and according to the refpeftive Values of the feveral Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof they are fo entitled thereto refpeftively as aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the faid Com- Encnach-miflioners (hall, and they are hereby required, in all Cafes where the fame

can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the Perfonsin adjoining Lands, to aflign and allot unto fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to and having Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Wade, as are in the Pofleflion of any fuch Encroachment or Encroachments, as is or are herein-before direfted to be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Common Moor or Wade, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprized therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erefted thereon, for or in Parc of the Allotment or Allotments which (hall be made to them refpeftively by virtue of this Aft, unlefs it Ihall happen that fuch refpeftive Encroachments diall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality confidered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which fuch Perl'on or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic cr Corporate, in the Pofleflion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments refpcftively, would be entitled to, for and in refpeft of their ancent Edate, in which cafe a proportionable Part of fuch Encroachment or En-cioachments fhall be dedufted from the fame refpeftively, and the faid Commiflioners are hereby direfted and required in their Valuation of fuen Encroachments for the Purpofes aforefaid, to edimate the fame accoroing to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvement thereon, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erefted or built thereupon.

r*?lt '■»<•!• !•' - ht.v V trill r. .	.	,	> t|\ J, f ... fi .1	I....T.9D	3	I

XX.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Proprietor or Pro- Diftin&Al-pTietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments by this Aft authorized to lament to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, (hall hold their refpeftive Lands or '0}^n Heredi aments for different Eftates, or under different Titles, the faid by different' CommifBoneis (hall afeertain and diltinguifh the Lands or other Here- °£ fjr ditaments held for each of fuch Titles refpeftively, and (hall alio fet out Eitat's!* and diftirguifh the different Allotments or other Hereditatnenes, to be accepted and taken as an equivalent in refpeft of each of them ; and the

[Uc.VPer.-]	OB	faid

4 66

Allotments to be in the fame Lordfhips as the ancient Lands.

Allotments for Property granted by JLeafej at Rack Rtnt to be fet out to the Letters.

Allotments that may happen to be loid, may on Re-«)ueft be allotted to tire Purchafers by the General Award.

or t

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 24.

faid Commillioners lhall and they are hereby authorized and required to fet forth and declare, in and by iheir faid General Award, in Right of what Eftates in particular fuch Allotments fhall have been reipectively made, and therein alfo feparately to defcribe and alcertain the Situation pf every fuch Allotment.

XXI.	Provided always, and be It further enaded, That the feveral Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Waite, to be afligned, fet out, allotted, and appu.nted by the laid Commillioners as aforeiaid, in refped to any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Pariih of Longhoughton, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Pared of and within the Townlhip, Quarter, or Place, Townlhips, Quarters, and Places refpeetiyeiy, being within the faid Pariih of Longhoughton, wherein the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, do lie, or are fituate, in refped of which fuch Allotments fhall be refpedively m;de; and that the leveral Allots ments of the faid Common Moor or Wafle, to be afligned, fet out, allotted, and appointed, by the faid Commillioners as aforelaid, in refped of any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon as aforefaid, not being within the Pariih of Longhoughton, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Townlhip of Longhoughton.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all the Allotments to be fet out and made, by virtue of this Ad* in refped of any Property granted or demifed, or held by any Leafes or Agreements for any Term or Number .of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at Rack Rent, lhall be allotted to the refpedive Lefl'ors or Owners of fuch Property, and lhall be held and enjoyed by them refpedively, free from all Right, Title, and Intereft, of their refpedjve Leflees or Tenants, by virtue of or. under fuch Leafes or Agreements $ and fuch refpedive Lelfors or Owners lhall make fuch Abatements of the Rent referved or made payable by fuch Leafes or Agreements refpedively, for and on Account of their taking fuch Allotments, as the faid Commillioners lhall adjudge and determine to be juft and realonable, and lhall in and by their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, afeertain, di-red,. and appoint.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons ero-

titled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Wafle, lhall by any Writing under his, her; or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings prcvioully to their preparing a Draft of their General Award, figoi/y and declare that he, Ihe, or they hath or have fold and difpofed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments to any Perfon or Perfttrvs to be nkmed and deferibed in fuch Writing, and lhall defire the fame to be■ fet out, allotted, and appointed to the Perfon or Perfons fo purchafing the farrle, the fatd Commillioners in every fuch Cafe lhalland they are hereby authorized tb fet out, allot, and appoint the laid Allotment or Allotments of the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have io given Notice of their havihg fold and’dif-poled thereof, to the* Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Notice ta be the Purchafer or Purchalers of fuch Allotment or Allotments.; and the faid Allotment or Allotments fa fold and dilpofed of	evnry	fuch

47° GEORGII III. Sefr.'i. Cap. 24.	4^7

Cafe, from and after the Execution of the fa id General Award of the faitl Commiffioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in Fee Simple in the Perfon or Perfons' to whom the fame (hall have been by fuch Notice or Writing as aforefaid fd fignified and declared to have been fo fold as aforefaid, and to his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftiators, and Affigns, to alf Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for Exchange*, the faid Commiffioners to fet out, affign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, or any Meffuages,

Buildings, inclofed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Pariffies of Longbougbton and Lejbury aforefaid, or either of them, in lieu

of and exchange for any other Meffuages, Bprfaings, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the fame Pariffies, or either of them, fo that every Exchange be fet forth and afeertained by the General Award of the faid Commiffioners, and alfo be made with the Confent of the refpeftive Proprietors or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, feifed or emitted in Poffeffion of or to the Hereditaments fo to be exchanged for any Life of Lives, or for fome Eftate of Inheritance, or of the'Hufbands, Guardians,

Truftees, Committees, or Attornies of any fuch Proprietors, who fhall at the Time of making fuch Exchanges be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics,

Perfons beyond the Seas, or under any othef legal Disability or Incapacity of afting for themfelves, fuch Confent to be refpeftively fignified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the contenting Patties, or under-the Seals of fuch of them as are a Corporation Aggregate; and every Exchange fo made and declared (hall be for ever good, valid, ahd effectual in Law, and the refpeftive Lands or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall go and remain to the fame Perfon or Perfons, and to', for, and upon the fame Ufes, Eftates, Trufts, Intents, arid Purpofes, and be fubjeft to the fame Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands	1

or Hereditaments in refpeft Whereof the fame (hill be exchanged would have gone and remained, ahd have been fubjeft pr liable to in cafe the Exchange thereof had not Been made: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church or Chapel, or Eccleliafticil Benefice, without the Confent, teftified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Biffiop of the Diocete in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (hall lie and be fituate.

inndjae- i	.	i	•	■	r

XXV.	And be It further enafted, That all Notices which by tnis AS, Notices to be or the faid Aft of the Forty-firft Year of the prefent Reign, are required

to be given or publiffied in fome public Newfpaper, of fettitig out public Coura'nt!* * Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the faid Commiffioners,' and of any other Aft, Matter, or Thing, (hall be inferred in the New cq/lle-upon-Tyne Courant, or if that Newfpaper (hall net then be publifiied, then in fome other Newfpaper or Newfpapers generally circulated in the County of Northumberland.	i

■ XXVI. And be it further enafted, That the General Award to be made Awarr?«, be by the (aid Commiffioners, purfuant to the Bireftiens cf the fait! Aft o'f *|nrol,ed a,‘d the Forty-firft Year of the prefenrReign and this Aft, (hall be enrolled K'k"of'* \yjtn the Clerk, of the Peace for the County of T<orthumberlandy and the t*1* Peace, faid original General Award, and tuch Plans ard 'Surveys 'as may be annexed

468

Copies of Plans to be He-livered upon a rs?.fon<ble Sum being paid for the feme to the Clerk ofihe Peace.

CommilTion-

ers it ay execute Duplicate* of the Award for Perfons requiring and paying tor the lame.

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as the ancient Lands-

470 GEORGIT III. Seff.2. Cap. i4.

nexed thereto, (hall be lodged and depofited in the Office of the Clerk of the Feace fer the laid County of Northumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Seffion of ihe Peace there, to the End that Rtcourfe may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons in-terefled in the faid Divinon; which faid Award and Plans, and every other Award and Inftrument to be lodged with the faid Award, (hall and may be infpecled at all feafonable Times, upon reafonable Notice of the Party requiting fuch lnipeftion.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Clerk of the Peace of the faid County of Northumberland Ihall be required to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of any of the Plans annexed to the faid General Award, depofited with the Clerk of the Peace aforefaid, a reafonable Payment, not exceeding Two Guineas, fhallbe made to him, over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and for the Copy or Copies of the faid Award and Inftruments, or any Part thereof, for a Copy or Copies of fuch Plans, or any Part thereof refpeftively ; and in cafe any Difpute or Difference (hall arife between ihe faid Clerk of the Peace and the Perfon or Perfons requefting a Copy or Copies of fuch Plans, or any Part thereof refpeftively, touching fuch Allowance, then and in fuch Cafe the fame (hall be fettled and afeertained by the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Northumberland in General Quarter Sefiions alTembled, or by the major Part of them, and the fame being fettled and afeertained lliall be final and concluuve to the faid Parties.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall, at the Requeft, Cods, and Charges of any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be divided, orotherwife interefted therein, at any Time before the depofiting of the faid Award, make and execute a Copy or Copies of the laid Award, Plans, and Surveys, or any of them, for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons requefting the fame, and fuch Duplicate or Duplicates fhall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which fhall be made, fet out, or appointed, in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be held by the fame Tenure, and fhall be fu'ojeft to the fame yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs and Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services as the feveral and refpec-tive Meffu3ge«, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft of which the faid feveral Allotments or Parcels of Ground fhall be fo fet out or allotted, are, and have heretofore been holden refpeftively, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony of Alnwick for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeffors, andAffigns, fhall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the fame refpeftively, as they could or might have had in refpeft of fuch Meffuagcs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the palling of this Aft j but the faid feveral and refpeftive MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft of which the faid feveral Allotments or Parcels of Ground fhall be fo fet out and allotted, and the Allotments made in refpeft thereof, fhall not, nor fhall any of them be fubjeft

9	ta

469

4*7° GECRGII m. $&'%*:■

to any new or increafed yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs, Fines,

Dtf*s, Dtities, Suits,-or Services whatsoever, to the Lord of the Said Larony or Manor of Alnwick^ his Heir's and Ali’gus.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and d dared. That A5l not to nothing tn this Act contained Shall exrend, or be conftrued, deemed, or i/„j ^liot.” adjndged’tdl revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed, menrjiogo Will, or Leafe whatfoever, or to prejudice any Perfon or Parians whom- ufo.*1*"'* foever, having any Ri^ht or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service,

Debt,'Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon, or afteding any of the Meiluages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in refped whereof any Allotment of the laid Common Moor or Watte fhall be made by virtue of this Ad, but that the feveral Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be ailigned or allotted upon? the faid Divifioti to the feveral Proprietors refpedively, dull, immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the laid Commiflioners, be vetted in, and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held* and enjoyed by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom the lame fhall be affigned or allotted refpedively ; and they dull from thenceforth ftand and be feifed and poffeffed thereof refpedively, to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, Eitates, Interefts, fruits, and Pul poles, and fdbjed and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Eitates, Conditions, Settlements, Provifoes, Remainders, Reverfions, Leafes, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances of every Kind, as the feveral Hereditaments in refpect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fhall be refpedively affigned or allotted, would have itood feverally limited or fettled to or upon, or have been feverally fubjed and liable to if fuch Allot-, ments thereof had not been made or this Act had not been parted, except as to fuch Leafc3 and Agreements at Rack Rent as rtiall be determined under this Ad.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That where the Proprietor or fro- InC*fe>wi>ere p tie tors of-ariy Lands or other Hereditaments, which ihall be divided or’p|njlsn(^:'! jjf allotted by virtue of this Ad, (lull hold their refpedive Lands and Heredita- fere*"Titles, ments tor different Eitates, or under different Titles, and where from the *c-

Want of the neceffary Information before the faid Commiflioners, or from enflwil'not* any other Caufe, their Award (hall have omitted the diftinguiihing and liwcdif-afeertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments bolden for each of fuch facf^Lsnis Eitates and under each off ch Titles refpedively, and the fetting out amt awarded and awarding of feveral and diitind Allotments for fuch refpedive Lands m=n’tbVor'tne~ pr other Hereditaments as herein-before is required ; and after the making fame in their of the faid Award, Requeft lhall be made to the faid Commiflioners by	,iie

any Perfbn or Perfons imerefted, by Writing under his or their Hand or ma^on Re-^ Hands, to have fuch Omiflion fuppiied by a feparate Inrtruinent; then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized to • after the mak-do every Thing neceffary for fupplying fuch Omiflion, and fo far as that ingefthe Purpofe fhall require to examine Witneffes, and in every other refped to l'ul Awartl‘ proceed and ad as if the Award had not been made; and when they fhall have obtained what they fhall think fufficient Information, are hereby alfo authorized, bv any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to diftinguifli and afeertain the Difference of Tenure Eftates and Titles refpedively, and accordingly to make diftind and feveral Allotments in the fame planner as is hereby required where fuch Dlfcri ruination fhould be con-[Loc. & Per.2	6C	tained

<7°	47°	GEORGn III. Seff.2. Cap.24.

tained in the faid Award ; and every fuch feparate Inlftument fhall be enrolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof fhali be given in the fame Manner as by the faid Add of the Forty-full Year of His prefent Majefty, and this Adi, or either of them refpedlively is diredled, concerning the faid General Award ol the faid Commillioners; and all Ex-pences which fhall be reafonably incurred in or about any luch feparate Inftrumem as aforefaid lliall be payable by the Perfon or Perlons who lhall have fo requefled the faid Commillioners to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators ; and every fuch feparate Inftrument lhall, from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the laid Coinmillioners, have the fame Eff’eft, to all Intents and Purpofes, .as if the Contents thereof had been inferred and contained in their laid General Award ; and the lame lliall, after fuch Enrolment as aforefaid, be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons upon whofe Requelt any fuch Omifiion lliall have been fo fupplied, or to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Cultody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premiles in queltion lhall, in the Opinion of the faid Com-niiilioners, molt properly belong.

Ai ot-cnis XXXII. And be it further enacted. That the faid feveral Allotments to be fenced, to be made by virtue of this Aft, lhall be inclofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by and at the Expence of fuch refpeclive Proprietors, in fuch Manner and within fuch Time, and lhall be from thenceforth kept in Repair, in fuch Propoitions as the faid Commillioners lhall in their General Award order and direft, except only fuch Allotments, the in-clofing and fencing whereof are otherwise particulai ly direfted and provided for by this Aft.

No Ti.tvej or XXXIII. And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of iuoi 10 be tut. tbis Aft, it lliall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons (other than and except the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony of Alnwick, his, her, or their Heirs, SuccelTors, or AlTigns, and the Commillioners for carrying this Aft into Execution) to cur, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods, in, upon, or from off the faid Common Moor or VYalte, or any Part thereof, until the fame lhall be allotted and fet out as aforefaid, upon Pain of forfeiting, lor every fuch Offence, to the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Lord of the faid Barony, His H irs, Succeflors, or Alligns, fuch Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings, as lhall be affefled in the Nature of an Amerciament, at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the faid Barony of Alnwick, the fame to be aff'eared by the Aft’earers then and there fworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments, when fo affeared, lhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff' or Bailiff's of the faid Barony, to be direfted for that Purpofe by the Steward of the Court of the faid Barony; and the Money arifing from all fuch Amerciaments lliall be paid to the Commillioners afting under the Authority of this Act, and lhall be applied towards defraying the Expences ol carrying this Aft into Execution.

Expends of	XXXIV. And be it further enafted, That the Charges and Expences

to'bfpauTby	foliciting, obtaining, and palling this Aft, and of iurveying, planning,

the Punier. and meafuring, dividing and allotting the faid Common Moor or Waite, and of making Highways or Roads, and of all other the Charges and

Expences

471

47°GEORCII III. Sefl'.2. Cap. 24.

Expances incident to or attending the Execution of this Aft, as are not herein otherwife directed to be paid, lhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the fevetal and refpedlive Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the (aid Common Moor or Wafte lhall be refpcdively made, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeflors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns (other than and except the Vicar of Long-boughton and the Vicar of Lejbury aforefaid, for the Time being as luch) in Proportion to the real Value of their refpective Allotments, to be fettled and alcertained by the faid Commiflioners ; and the feveral and re-fpedtive Shares and Proportions of all fuch Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expenc.es as aforefaid, lhall be payable and paid by luch Owners and Pro-p ietors refpedtively to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Time or Times, as lhall by the faid Commiflioners, either before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforefaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under their Hands refpectively. Twenty Days before the Time appointed for fuch Payment.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted. That the Commiflioners adting in the Execution of this Adt, fhall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, bear and pay their own Expences; and that when and as foon as the faid intended Divifion and other Purpofes of this Adt fhall be finifhed and completed, and the faid Commiflioners fhall have executed their faid General Award, they the faid Commiflioners refpedtively lhall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every Day upon which they refpedtively lhall have attended a Meeting, and tranfacled Bufinefs in or for putting this Adt into Execution.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby refpedtively required to keep, or caufe to be kept, a juft and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which fhall be raifed or received, and laid out or expended by them, or by their Order, or for their life, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Adi, and of what fhall be due or owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and lhall truly and .regularly enter all the Particulars of fuch Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe, and fuch Accounts lhall at leall once in every Year from the palling of this Adi, till fuch Accounts lhall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and fettled by Robert Hopper William-forty of the Town and County of Ncwca/l e-upon-Tyne, Efquire, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpofe ; and in cafe of his Death or Rcfufal to act, by fuch other fit and proper Perfon as lhall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the laid Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is herein-before diredted svith refpect to the Meeting of the faid Proprietors for the Purpofe of appointing a Commiflioner ; and fuch Auditor for the Time bring lhall from Time to Time Hate in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the faid Accounts in fuch Book as aforefaid, and that no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts lhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unlefs the fame lhall be duly allowed by fuch Auditor; and alfo that luch Book ol Accounts lhall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to th^ faid Commiflioners, and lhall be open to the Infpedtion of any of the faid Proprietors, or their Agents, at all feafonable Times during the Progrefs

Commiflion

er3 to pay their own expences.

Commiflioner* io account.

Money which may be advanced for obtaining or executing this Act to be repaid in the firft Place with Imereti.

Power of Appeal.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seftz. Cap. 24.

of the faid Divifion and Inclofure, and until the faid Accounts (hall have been finally fettled and allowed ; and in cafe the (aid Comtriflioners or their Clerk (hail refufe or negleft lo to do, the Cotnmiffioner or Commil-fioneis, or Clerk refpeftively, fo refufing or neglecting, (hall, for every i'uch Refufal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Perfon who Ihall fue for the fame the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of Ilis Majedy’s Courts of Record at Wejimtnjier, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfons who have Right of Common in or upon the faid Common Moor or Wade, or any other Perfon or Perfons (hall advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money

1 for the Purpofe of defraying the Expence of applying for and obtaining this Aft, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all fuch Perfons (hall be fully repaid the fame, together with Intereft thereon after the Rate of Five Pounds for a Hundred for a Year, out of the fird Money which (hall be railed for the Purpofe of this Aft, fuch Interelt to be computed from the Time or refpeftive Times of advancing or paying the faid Sum or Sums of Money, to the Time or refpeftive l imes of the Re-payment thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall think himfelf, herfeif, or them-ielves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft (other than and except fuch Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before direfted or authorized to be afeertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdift of a Jury, or where, by any of the Provifions of the faid Aft of the Forty-fiift Year of the piel'ent Reign, or of this Aft, the Determination, Acts, or Proceedings of the faid Commilfipners are direfted to be final or conducive) he, (he, or they may appeal to any General (Quarter Seflions of the. Peace, which (hall be holden for the County of Northumberland within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, giving Notice in Writing of every fuch Appeal, by affixing fuch Notice, expreffing the Caufe of Complaint upon the principal Doors of the Parilh Church of Longhoughtcn aforefaid, Fourteen Days at lead before fuch General (Quarter Seffions ; and the Judices of the Peace, afiembled at fudt General Quarter Seffions, or at any fubfequent General Quarter Seffions to which the faid Judices ffiall adjourn any fuch Appeal, either for want of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, or for any other Cau.e which to the laid Judices ffiall l'eem a fufficient Caufe to adjourn fuch Appeal, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to make mch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Cods as to them in. their Dilcredon ffiall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Cods which (hall be fo awarded by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or.Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, alter dedufting the reafonable Charges of every fuch Didrefs and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the faid J udices upon every fuch Appeal (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and Ihall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Procefs or Writ whatfoever, into any <4 Hts Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjter, or eliewhere.

II	XXXIX.	Provided

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 24.	47	j

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted, That it (hall be lawful for the refpeftive Owners and Proprietors for the Time being, of RC, the feveral Lands allotted in purfuance of this Aft, to win, get, and work Fieettom. therein Freeftones, Whinftones, and Limeftones, for the Ufe of the Ground fo to be allotted to them, and alfo Freeltor.e for the Ufe of the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Walla, Fences, and Hereditaments, in refpeft of which fuch Allotments fhall be made, but for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatloever ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid refpeftive Owners and Proprietors of the faid feveral allotted Lands to dig and get therein Clay for Bricks or for'files, or any other Ufe or Purpofe whatloever, fo as the fame be exdufively ufed for fuch Allotments, or the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in refpeft of which the fame (hall be allotted, and not for Sale, or any other Ufe or Purpofe whatloever.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing In this The Aft not Aft lhall be conftrued to defeat, leflen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and fhePRJ/ht of Interelt of the faid Hugh Duke oiNorthumberland, or the Lord or Lords, thcmnlof Lady or Ladies for the 'l ime being of the faid Barony, his, her, or their |J‘' ^oMUie" Heirs, Succeflbrs, and Afligns, of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foever, lying or being within or under the faid Common Moor or Wade hereby intended to be divided, and alfo of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the faid Barony; and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeflbrs, and Aliigns, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons claiming by, under, or inTruft for him, her, or them, as Lord of the faid Barony for the Time being, (hall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Cultoms,

Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leer, and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquifites of Court and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leec and Views of Ftank-pledge and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, with Free Warren and Liberty of Hawking, Hunting, Fifhing, and Fowling within and through, out the laid Barony, and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, and Felons of themfelves and put in F..\igent,

Deodands, Treafures Trove, Waifs, Eftrays, Forfeitures, Efcheats, Fairs,

Markets, Tolls, Cufloms, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchiles, Privileges, Profits, Coinmodit es, Advantages’, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatfoever, to the faid BaTony, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the faid Common Moor or Wade, and fuch Common Right thereon refpeftively, as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compenlation is herein-befere directed to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Pnrpofes, as they could or might have heid and enjoyed the lame il this Aft had not been made; and tliac the laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and all fuccceding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony ot Alnwick, or his, her, or their Tenants, Leflees, or Alfigns, (hall and may, from Time to Time and at all limes hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy txclufively all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind ibever (fave and except the faid public Quarries, and fuch other Freefone, Whinilone and . [i «.VP,r.l	6 0	Limcflon.

474

For rrakinj*

Compenfation fcr Damages in working Mines.

The Vicar’s Allotment to be fenced.

47°GEORGII III. Sefi*. 2. Cap. 24.

Limeftone as aforefaid) within and under the faid Common Moor or Waite hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof refpeftively, and the feveral Allotments thereof in purfuance of this Aft. together with all convenient and neceffary Ways and Wavleaves and all Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, over, and along the fame or any Part thereof, and alfo for fearching for, winning, and working the laid Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, Foilils, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries, belonging to r.he laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, SucceiTbrs, or Afligns, and of making Pits, Shafts and Pumps, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourfes, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erefting, building, and ufing Houles, Drawkilns, Ereftions, Buildings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills and other Ereftions and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their Free Will and Pleai’ure, and to do, execute, and perform all fuch Works, Afts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in ufe, or hereafter to be invented, as fhall or may be neceifary or convenient for the full and complete Working, life, and Enjoyment of fuch Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, hereby referved in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as they might or could have done in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XLI. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, or any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him, her, or them, fliail, after fuch Inclofures or Allotments made as aforefaid, fearch for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclofures to be made as aforefaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any fuch Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony, his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, or luch Perfon or Perfons fo claiming under him or them, fhall make a reafonable Satisfaftion for the Damage and Spoil of Ground cccafioned thereby, or by the erefting or building Fire Engines or other Engines, Mills, or other Ereftions, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be in Poffeflion of fuch Grounds at the Time or Times of fuch Damage or Spoil.

XLII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commifiioners fhall, before the Execution of their General Award, caufe the Allotments to be awarded to the Vicar of Longhoughton, and to the Vicar of Lefoury aforefaid, in refpeft of the faid Vicarages, to be incloied, hedged, ditched, and fenced with good and fufEcient Boundary Fences, the Ex-pences whereof, as alfo of carrying this Aft into Execution in refpeft of fuch Allotments, fliall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies hereby Jircfted to be raifed for carrying this Aft into Execution ; and from and alter making fuch Inclofures and Hedges, Ditches and Fences, 9	to

475

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 24.

to the faid Allotment or Allotments, all fuch Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, fhall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the Vicar of Long-houghton and the Vicar of Lejbury aforefaid refpeftively, and their refptftive Succelfors as aforefaid, and the Owner and Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhall in and by their faid General Award order, direft, and appoint.

XL1II. Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, His Heirs Oencril and Succeffors, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Body and Saving.

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, (other than and except the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the feveral other Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land fhall be made or provided by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of the Interefl or Property for which fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be made, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns), all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, and Interefts, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, before the palling of this Aft, or could or might or ought to have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by This Aft to the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo ^ P',;ue<i, printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and Evidence! * others.

ViUio .znstili/- 10 aiuH lis/lt	.tin .nntoc mbiT arii tot ynoisa anUt .» ni

—

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan1, Printer* to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, 1807.

t Mir a? l h.-.,



‘‘	.1	r	.	i	,	•'*.



rtt	-i

f	...■:'

>

. . j «i a ■ .«

* ‘ •'	-	•	*	•	•	••	<	r	■■ : - 2..

'

'..	.*	.-■-	-■■'	-■	- ■	-	i

•ra-a

... - . - ..

••••»	^;fr'04

a , -v ■ o'

. ii<..,*• (<4. . x'iMJf % ]T

.

t* .	••	'	i V y f

;k(rr ■•■-■■ ■■■ ■■'■■ -'	...	■ i:

f?	*,=*«< *'-•	■■■	■	■	*	'•	>Jtrt	:»••.;

:*■	.'Sa»a:*a?	at*,’.	^luimn	>«lO-^iwhenttfl ‘

•

b»A JifiW- ii .?:	*•-:	.noijs/f	fW<	-	I	jjjif	wtifl:	if!-"

/p. ;pi.:	u V ' ■.' !o .	.	r^H*tT	saoivyi'

- ’	■	.	■ it/ i <*$..' H

•

.	v.	»	Mi	> ■	j'	•	,

I*1	«•'	•	’	■	-	i.	tivet?	•r.

I	««F w. *.	^jpjf	rr‘*-t

i-‘-	•.»	V	.	.....	UiKtftt	■■t+jflh	:a.?n*+0 &■#&+>'r*

<	*	■■■	 t--	*- J '• — - -* fi ■'	;	.1*	./jf

..<»	' •	,«7	_

■rfMfc-'i MW* ■	fttil	4 :

>••:■:.	v-k 1.	: >i : ; ,

drfc u; £*r- '3'fc	r ■*f** i ~-*U-

XJlU ‘V1	*><;_«	-Ai.-s-iVi.	v	■■

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGTI III. REGIS.

Seff! 2.

Cap. 25.

An A& for incloflng Lands in the Manors and To;vn-ihips of Hun ton, in the North Riding of the County of York.	[25th	July	1807.]

WHEREAS, within the Manors and Townlhip of Hunion, in the Pariihes of Hornby and Patrick Brempton, in the North-Riding of the County ot Tork, there is a Stinted Pafture called the Scrogp, and certain-open Fields called Wejt Gill Field and Mill Gill, and feveral Parcels of Common and Wide Grounds, containing together, by Fflimation, One hundred and thirty' Acres, or thereabouts; and alfo a Tract of Common, or uninclofed Ground, called Hunton Moor or Common, containing alfo, by Eftimation, Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts : And whereas Timothy Hutton, of Clifton Cajlle, in the faid North-Riding, Ei'quire, is Lord of the faid Manors of Hunton, and, as fuch, is feifed of, and entitled unto, the Soil and Inheritance, and to the Mines, Minerals, (Quarries, and Royalties, within and under the faid Wade Grounds and Moor or Common; and the faid Timothy Hutton, together with Thomas Thornhill and Gregory F.l/lcy, Efquires; the Reverend John Theakjlone Clerk ; Thomas Other, John Hodgson, and John Anton, Gentlemen, and divers other Perfons, are refpedively Owners and Proprietors of a certain Number of Cattlegates and other Rights in the laid open Fields, feme or one of them, and are alfo refpedlively Owners and Proprietors of ancient inclofed Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the faid Manors, and in refpect thereof, or at, appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Truflees, [Lie. & Per.]	ft E	Leffees,



478

47°G£ORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 25.

Leflees, or Tenants, are entitled to a Right of Common in and upon the faid Wade Ground* and Moor or Common: And whereas the laid Stinted Failure, open Fields, Waile Grounds, and Moor or Common, in their prevent State, are’ of little Value to the Perfons interefted. therein; but if the fame were divided and inclofed, and fpecific Shares thereof were adigned and allotted to the Parties interefted, in Proportion and according to their feveral Rights and Interefts therein, it would be of Advantage to them, and4 affa of Public Utility; but fuch Divifion and Inclofure cannot be efieCted without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaftcd ; and be it enafted, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afl'embled, and by srp7imfd°ne' t‘ie Authority of the feme, That Jonathan Teal, of Leeds, in the faid County of York, Land Surveyor, {hall be, and is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for furveying, dividing, allotting, and inclofmg the faid open Fields, Waife-Grounds, and Moor or Common, amongft the feveral Perfons interefted therein; and for carrying the feveral other Purpofes of this Aft' into Execution, purfuant to the Powers, Regulations; Reftriftions, and Provifions contained in this Act; and to fueh of the Powers, Regulations, Reftriftions, and Provisions, contained in an Aft palfed in tire Forty-firft Year of the Reign of Kis prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for confoiidating in one Ad certain Provifions uftally inferted in Acts of Inclofure, and for fMilitating the Mode of proving the feveral lifts ifually required on the pajfmg of fuch Ads, as are not controlled by, or repugnant to, any of the Claufes, Powers, Provifions, and Regulations contained in this Act, or otherwife provided for by this Act.

tcTbetwom^ ^ And be it further enacted, That it frail and may be lawful to and for aUy one Juftice of Peace in the North-Rjding of the County of York to ad-.muffler, and'lie i* hereby authorized and rtquirdd to adininilter to the faid CBmmlflJon&y''arid every future Commiftioner who {hall be appointed in pUrfuance o; this Act, the Tlath preferibed by the faid Act of the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prelent Majefty. ,

For appoint- lift And be it further-enacted, That if the faid Jonathan TeaI (hall die, jr.nnojieiv m" or refufe 10 aft, or become incapable of afting as Commiftioner in the Usfecotion of this Aft; before ail the Powers, Authorities, and Trulls hereby in him repoled, lhall be fully executed and performed, it {half and may be lawful to. and for the major Part jn Value of the Owners and Proprietors cf the faid Stinted Failure and open Fields, and of the ancient incloled Lands artdTcnements in the fasti Manors of Huns on, by anv Writing under their Hands; to nominate and appoint, as often as there lhall be Occafion, a. fit and prop, r Pcvion (not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure; to be the'Conunifiioner in the Place and Stead of the faid Jonathan Teal; nr any Commiflioner fo dying, or refuting to aft, or becoming.lncapable of aftirig as aferefoid; whieft Comtpifiiqrier fo appointed lhall have the fame Pcrwets and Authorities in the Execution of the faid Act of the Forty-firft Year of Hib prefent Majefty’s Reign, and of this Aft, as are given to the faid Commiflioner hereby appointed.

Encroach-	IV.- And be it further enacted, That all Inclofures and Encroachments

n.ciuc	which have been taken from the faid Waite Grounds, or Moor, or Com-

mon; (dave and except luch as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for

the

479

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Caf. 25.

the Space of Thirty Years lad pad or upwards, without any Interruption or Payment of any Acknowledgement), lhall be deemed Part and Parcel ol the laid Wade Grounds or Moor or Common fo to be divided; and in Cafe any Difference or Difpute {hull arife touching any fuch Inclofures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the faid Wade Grounds or Moor or Common, fuch Difference or Difpute lhall be examined into and determined by the faid Commiilioner.

V.	And be it further eaafted, That the faid Commiilioner hereby ap- Commiflioner pointed, or to be appointed in Manner aforefaid, lhall caui'e Notice to be nUSitmlg* given at the Parilh Churches of Hornby and Patrick Brampton aforefaid, and

ulfo at liuntsn Chapel, on fome Sunday during Divine Service, by Writing, to be affixed on one of the Outer Doors of the laid Churches and Chapels respectively, of the Time and Place of his firlt and every other Attendance or Sitting for executing the Powers by virtue of the faid Act of the Fortv-irft Year of his prefent Majcily’s Reign, and hereby veiled in him, at leaft Six Days before fuch Attendance, (Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and the faid Commiilioner lhall and may adjourn any fuch Attendance from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as he lhall fee Occaficn, without giving Notice of fuch Attendance by Adjournment, otherwife than by leaving, at the Time and Place of fuch Attendance,

Notice, under his Hand, when and where lueh adjourned Attendances are from Time to dime to be held, provided that all Meetings of the faid Proprietors, and the Attendance of the faid Commiflioner for putting the before-mentioned Att and this Act into Execution, lhall be holden within the Townfhip of Huntm aforefaid; anti all other Notices neceflary to be given by the faid Commiflioner in parfuance of the faid Ait of the Forty-firll Year . ofi his prefent Majefly’s Reign, or of this Act, unlefs otherwife particularly diae<fhsd,"feall be given by Writing, to he-affixed upon the Outer Doors of die faith Parilh Churches q! Hornby and Patrick Brampton aforefaid, and a.lfo Upon the Door of the faid Chapel of Hunton, or by Advertifement in thc York Chronicle i or if that Newi’paper lhall not then be publiflied, in fome other Ncwfpaper circulated in the laid North-Riding.

VI.	And be it further enacled, That if any Difpute or Difference lhall MaV arife between anv of the Parties who are, or before the making of the ctom^'1* Award of the Commiflioner lhall be, interelfed in the faid Diviflon and ’ficknuvc, touching or concerning the Rights and Interefts which they or

any of them lhall have, or claim to have, of, in, or to the faid open Fields,

Wafte Grounds, and Me,or or Common, or any of them, or any Part or Parts lhereof, or touching or concerning any t*hcr Matter or Thing relating to the Diviiion and Initio lure,hereby directed to be made, it fluid be lawful for the faid Comtniffioner, and he is hereby authorifed and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame refpeclively: Provided, that nothing heroin, contained fltall autiior-le the faid Commiflioner to hear and determine any Ditlerence or Difpute which may arife, touching the Right or l iiie to any l ands, ienements or Hereditaments whatfoever, except as to Eneroariamcuts as.aforefaid.

JdT-’il •	,	'	.	i	■	,	'

\ II. And he it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons making p,wer t0,rv any Chum or Claims to any Lands, Cattlfcgan or Hereditaments, intended d •pwed to be divided or affefted by this Aft, or any Rights or Interefts therein or Ciaims‘ objecting to any Inch Claim or Claims, Uadi be dilTatjshed with any Determination ol the faid Commiflioner, and lhall be defirous of having foch

Claim

480	47°GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 2$.

Claim or Claims, Rights, and Interefts refpe&ively tried at Law, and the Perfon or Perfons fo defirous to have the lame tried at Law fhall, by themfelves, ortheir refpedive Agents or Attornies, give Notice thereof in Writing to t'nefaid Coinmiflioner for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months* after fuch Determination (hail have been fo made by the faid Cothmiflioner, (of which Notice, the faid Coinmiflioner is hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, or as foon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverfe Party or Parties, or his, h er, or their refpedive Agents or Attornies, by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies refpedively), then, but not afterwards, it fhall he lawful for the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, their refpedive Heirs or Afligns, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the fame, at the Affiz.s to be holden for the County of York next, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after fuch Determination as aforefaid, in a feigned Action for that Purpofe, to he commenced in one of His Majeity’s Courts of Record at IVe.imin'hr, by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their refpective Heirs, Succeffors, or Aifigns, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid again ft the adverfe Party making fuch Claim or Objection as aforefaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Actions fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file Common Bail, or appearand accept one or more IfTue or IAues, whereby all fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Intereits may be properly tried and determined, (fuch Itfue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Action {hall be brought, if the Parties fhall differ about the fame), and the VerdiCt or Verdicts which (hall be given in the faid Action or Adions fhall be final and conclufive upon all and every Perfon or Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, whomfoever; and after any Verdict or VerdiCb (hall have been obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Coinmiflioner fhall, and he is hereby authorized and re9u’re<^ to conform thereto: Provided always, that it fliall be lawful for ,n: a new the Court in which any Action commenced in purfuance of this Act fhall T«ai up-in be depending, upon fufficient C.aufe Ihewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Ciute ihewn.	^ ant] award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before

limited of Trial of fuch Action may be thereby exceeded: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commiffioner, touching or concerning fuch Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Inrerefls in, over, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof which fhall not be objected to in due Time, or, being objefted to, the Party or Parties objecting fhall not caufe fuch Adion or Adions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties: Provided alio, that if any of the Parties, in any Adion to be brought in purfuance of this Ad, fhall die pending the fame, fuch Adion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in, as if no fuch Event had happened.

Commiffimer VIII Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That it fliall be lawful gw aifcfi for the faid Coinmiflioner, in cafe he fliall think fit to award any Coifs, to aflefs fuch Coifs and Charges as he fhall think reasonable, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Party or Parties in whofe favour he fhall make bis Award or Determination, upon or againft the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claims, Complaints, or Objections, fliall be thereby difallowed, as the

Cafe



4-8 r

4.7.0 G E O R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 25.

Cafe fhall happen; and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the faid Commiflioner to levy fuch Cods and C harges by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch lad mentioned Perfon or Perfons, rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after deducting the veafonable Charges attending fuch Warrant, Diflrefs, and Sale, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be fo didrained and fold as aforefaid.

IS. And be it further ena£ted, That the faid Jonathan Teal, or the A t t.nentw ^ Commidioner for the Time being, fhall fet out, allot, and award to and for the faid Timothy Hutton, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of SjiI. the faid Manors of Hunton, for the Time being, One full highteenth Parr or Share of the faid Wade Grounds and Moor or Common, intended to be hereby divided and inclofed, (the Quality as well as the Quantity thereof to be duly confidered), in Recompense and full Satisfaction for his, her, or their Right and Intered in the Soil of the faid Wade Grounds and Moor or Common intended to be hereby divided and inclofed, exclu-live of fuch other Shares thereof as he, flic, or they (hail be entitled to, in refpedt of his, her, or their Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements, to which a Right of Common on the faid Waite Grounds and Moor or Common is appendant or appurtenant as aforefaid, and alfo exclufive of any Right of Common purchafed or referred by, or to any Perfon, Owner or Owners of the faid Manors, and his or her Heirs and A thy ns, for or in refpect of any Mills, Mefluages, Lands, or Tenements, in the laid Manors of Hunton, to which Right of Common the faid Timothy Hutton, his lieirs or Afligns, may be now entitled.

X. And be it further enafted. That the faid Jonathan Teal, or the Ailo'.mer.tt* Commiflioner for the Time being, fhall fet out, aflign, and allot the	ofths

Refidue of the faid Stinted Paffure, Open Fields, Watte Grounds, and Moor or Common, (after firfl deducting fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the faid Stinted Failure, Open Fields, WaJle Grounds, and Moor or Common, as he may think proper to fet out and appoint for Publick Highways, Roads, Water-courfes and Drains, and for a Common Quarry or Quarries, and Common Watering Places or Wells, 'if neceirary), by virtue of the faid Adi and this Act), unto and amongft the feveial Perfons interelled in the faid Stinted Failure, Open Fields, Wafts Grounds, and Moor or Common, in fuch Quamirie-, Shares, and Proportions, as he fhall judge and determine to be juft, equivalent, and adequate to and for their refpedlive Rights and Tntereils therein, having a due Regard as well to tlie Quality and Quantity as to the Situation of the faid Open Fields, Wafle Grounds, and Floor or Common, fo to be divided; and fhall alib, with all convenient Speed after fuch fetting out and allotting of the faid Open Fields, Wafle Grounds, and Moor or Common is completed, deliver or cauie to be delivered to each of the ftveral Owners and Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Cattlegates, interefled in the laid Divifion and Incloiure, or to each of their respective Agents, a Ticket r Note in Writing figned with his Name, fpecirying the Quantity in Statute Meafure, and the Situation of the Allotment or Allotments fet out and allotted to or for the Perfon or Perfons whofe Allotment or Allotments fhall be deferibed in fuch 1 icket or Note in Wilting, and which Part of the Hedges or Fences they fhall refpe£!ive!y be required to make and repair; in order that each of the Perfons inter; lied in the faid Divifion may [Loc. ts5 Per.]	1,	/•'	have

xH	47° GEORG 11 III. Se/r.2. Cap. 25.

have an Opportunity of confidering the Juftice and Equity of fuch Divifion, before the laid Commiffioner for the Time being (hall make and pubiifli

his final Award.

memTtobe 'XI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the faid Coni-aiiuttedtoPe-- miffianer fhall, and he is hereby required in all Cafes where the fame can s’Jnt1" P<>1ff’ ^)e done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the adjoining Meffuages or Lands, to allign and allot unto fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled and having Right of Common upon the faid Wade Grounds or Moor or Common, as are in Poffeflionof anyfuch Encroachment or Encroachments herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Wade Grounds or Moor or Coin-mon, and all and every the Lands and Grounds comprized therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erefted thereon, for or in Part of the Allotment or Allotments which ihall be made to them reflectively by virtue of this Aft, tmlefs it fliall happen that fuch refpeftive Encroachments fhall be greater cr more (Quantity and Ouality.confidered) than the Allotment or Allotments ■would amount unto, which fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in the PoffeiTion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments refpectively, would be entitled to, for, and in refpeft of their ancient Eitates, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments fliall be deducted from the fame refpeftively ; and the faid Comniiflioner is hereby directed and required, in his Valuation of fuch Encroachments for the Purpofes aforefaid, to eftimate the fame according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to rht Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings (if any) which are erected or built thereupon.

Leflors to moke Com-penfation to their Letlres for the Determination of their lr.tcrelts.

• XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotments to he made and fet out by virtue of this Act in Right of any Property under -Leafe at Rack-Rent, fliall be allotted and fet out to the refpective Leffors or Landlords, and ihall be held and enjoyed by them free from all Rights ailil Interefl of their refpeftive Leflees or Tenants; and fuch refpeftive Leffors or Landlords, their Heirs and Afligns, or the Perfons feifed of their Eftates for the Time being, fliall make fuch Abatement out of the Rems referred by fuch Leafes refpeftively, or fuch other Compenfation or Satisfaftion on Account of the Determination of the common Right comprifed dierein, as the faid Commiflioner ihall adjudge reafonable, and fliall, in and hv his Award or any ether Writing under his Hand, afeertain, direct, or appoint.

N -Sheep, Cattle, fiorles or Afles, to he ke:*t in the In clofunrs for 10 Year*.

XIII.	And be it further enafied, That if any Perfon fliall, during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the faid Award, keep or departure, or permit to be kept or depaftured, any Sheep, Lambs, Cattle, Horfes, or Aids, in Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft, (unlei's he, Ihe, or they, Ihall firft effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any Proprietor or Proprietors, from any Injury or Damage to their Quiikfets or new made Hedges or Fences.;, every Perfon fo offending, upon Conviftion thereof before One or more of His Majcfty’s Juflices of the Peace for the laid North-Riding of tne Counry of Jerk, on the Oath ir Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath the faid juffice or Juflices, or any of them, is and are hereby empowered to adminilter), Ihall forfeit and pay for. every fuch Offence the

Soxu

47#GEORGII III. Seff. 2* Gap. 25.	483

Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Dili refs and .Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or the Hands and Seals of any one or more of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the laid Riding, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Offence committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrels and Sale to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be fo diftrained and fold as aforefaid, and every fuch Penalty fo to be levied fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons injured.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Award or Awards, togetherwiih A want >o tic fuch Plan orPlans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, which fhall bemade rJfler*otn add executed by the faid Cominiffioner in purfuance of this Aft, and alfo of fit- far riic the faid Aft of theForty-firft Year of his prefent Majefty’s Reign,(hall, withall convenient Speed be inrolled and entered at full length in the Regifter-Office

at North- Allerton in the faid North-Riding, eftabiiihed by an Aft of Parliament, intituled. An Ail for the public Regiflering of Deeds, Conveyances, Witts, find other Incumbrances that Jhall be made of, or that may ajfeil, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Hiding of the County if York, after the 'Twenty-ninth Day cf September One thmifemd {even hundred and thirty-fix; and tile faid Regifter, appointed to keep the faid Office, or his Deputy, for the Time being, is hereby required to bird or enter at full length the laid Award or Awards, and the laid Regifter or his Deputy, lhall permit and 1’ufter any Perfon or Perfons at all Times within the ufual Office Hours of Attendance, to perufe and infpeft the Inroilment of the faid Award or Awards refpeftivelv, at the faid Public Office paying or tendering to the laid ltegiller, or his Deputy, for every fuch Perufal or lnfpeftion One Shifting and no more: and that the laid Award or Awards, when inrolled at the faid Office, lhall with all convenient Speed be afterwards dodged in the Hands of the Chapel Warden of Hunton aforefaid for the Time being, in a Box to be provided by the faid Cotr.miffioner for that Purpofe, in order that any Perfon interefted in the faid Inclofure may at all feafcuable Times have recourfe thereto and take a Copy thereof.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, enti- AHotmuitj, tuledinFee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments, Cattlegates or Cattle- &c- «oi,l may gate, or other Share or Intereft, or Common Right, of, or in the faid ^c’parchai.'^ Open Fields, Wafte Grounds, and Moor or Common, fhall by any Wri- era.

ting under his, her, or their Hand or Hands to be delivered" to the faid .Cominiffioner, at any of his Sittings previoufly to his preparing a Draft of his general Award ftgnify and declare that he, Ihe or they hath, or have, fold and difpofed of his, her or their Allotment or A dot mints, Cattlegates, or Cattlegate, or other Share or .Intereft, .or Common Right, to any Per-fon or Perfons to be named and dcicribcd in Jucli Writing,'and ihairdefire -the fame to be let out, allotted and appointed to the Period on Perfons fo purchafitig the fame; the laid Commiffioncr in every fuch Gale lhall, and he is hereby amhorifed to let out, allot and appoint the laid Allotment or Allotments of the Perfon or Perfons who shall fo have given Notice of their having fold and difpofed thereof, to tiie Perfon or Perfons mentioned in 1'uchNotice to be the Purchafer orPurcbtderi thereof; atid the faid Allotment or Allotments lhall, in every fuch Cafe, from anti after the Execution oi the Award of the faid Commiffioner, become, and the fame is, and are hereby declared veiled in, and Ruled upon, the Perfon and Perfons

m

Allotments may be ex.

c..an»td.

Eyifcflc'fS 3f the Aft.

4/GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 25.

to whom the fame fhall have been by fuch Notice or Writing as aforefaid,

fo iignilkti and declared to have been fo fold as aforelaid, his, her, or their Heirs and Alligns to all Intents and Purpofcs whatfoever.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and maybe lawful for the faid Commiflicner to fee out, aflign, or allot any of the Allotments, Lands, or Cattlegates hereby directed to be divided, fet out, appointed, and allotted, or any Mefluages, Buildings, inclofed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, fituate within the faid feveral Parifhes of Hornby and Patrick Brompton aforefaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, and. Hereditaments, in the faid feveral Parifhes, or either of them, or in any adjoining Parifh or Towrifhip. fo that every fuch Exchange be fet forth and afeertained by the Award of the faid Commiflionet, or foine Deed or Deeds to be executed by the laid Commiflioner at any Time before the Date of the faid Award, and alfo be fnnde with the Gonfent of the refpeclive Proprietors, or Pericns, Bodies Politic or Corporate, feifed or entitled in Pofleilion of or to the Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, for any Life or Lives, or for a Term or Terms of Years abfolute, of which fifty Years or upwards are unexpired, or for fome Eflate of Inheritance, or of the Hufbauds, Guardians, Truflces, Committees, or Attornies of any .fuch Proprietors who fhall, at thc'Tihie' of Making fuch Exchanges, be -Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Perfons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Difability or Incapacity/cf acTngfor'themfelves, and fo as all fuch Exchanges Ceding.any Melfuagcs, Lards, or Hereditaments belong-,ing to the feveral Benefices of Hornby and fitfntg Brompton aforefaid, or any other Eccleijaftical Benefice, be' alfo made with the Gonfent of the Patron thereof, and die Bilhop of the Diocefe for the Time being, refpec-tiyely, fuch Conl'ents to be teffithd by Writing under the Hands of the xonlenting Parties, or undei; the,Seals of any or thefn, bdinjj'Corporations Aggregate, and every Exchange fb made andiiednred fhall be for eve:' good, valid, and effectual in. Law, and the refpectiveXartds, Tenements/and Hereditament^ fqi to be exchanged, flial! become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Rents and Services, arid gbTfnd remain to and upon the fame Ules and Trufls, and be fubjcct to the fame Powers, Conditions,-Cove-

• nants, and Agreements, as thy IJ eyed i famous in refpeft whereof the fame fhall be exchanged lire or flial 1 be fubjcct or liable to, or would hnvebfeen fubjeft or liable to hi cafe the Exchange thereof had dot been made t Provided always, that'no fuch Exchange or Exchanges as aforefaid fhall be made except of Freehold Lands "or Hereditaments fbr Freehold Lands or Hereditaments, or of I.cafe held Lands or Tenements, where the Term fhall be more than Fifty Years to come, for Leafehold Lands or Tenements, where the Term therein fhall be more than Fifty Years to come.

XVII,	And be it,further cnafted, That as well the Fees and Payments of the iuid.X><nyniiflion,tr, as alio the Charges and Expences attending the loceiting,v optaining, and palling'of this Adt, and the furveying, planning and manuring, dividing, allotlingand inctofing the faid Open Fields, Wafte Grounds, and Moor or Common refpectivefy, and of preparing, making, executing, and injolligg the Ltd- Award of the faid Commiflioner, and of .felting out the iglnvays, op Koftd% and of making any new Highways or

.. biovdv winch flttdi be let <Ast and appointed,;or direQed to be made by die , i cd Counuililoncr, and all other Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this prefeiu Aff, fhall be borne and'defrayed, from Time-to . Jjuog <> the fame fliaTT He incurred bf allthb PMpticfors and Owners-of,

' v ha i and

485

47'GEORGII III: SefT. 2. Caf.t5.

and Perfons intcreded in the feveral Lands, Grounds, Hereditaments, and other Eftates to be divided, allotted, inclofed, or exchanged, as afbn lai by virtue of this Aft, and the faid Aft of the Forty-lird Year of his pr .cnt Majefty’s Reign, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and at fuch lime or l i nes, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall by the faid Commiffioner before or after the Execution of the Award be ordered, directed, and appointed bv Wru ting under his Hand Twenty Days at lead before the Time appointed for fuch Payments.

XVIII.	Provided, That the Cofls, Charges, and Fxpences attending the making of any Exchanges, or Paititions, by virtue of this Aft, or the laid recited Aft, lhall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the feveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges and Partitions, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiffioner iha.ll order and direft.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the Day on which this Aft lhall receive the Royal Affent) the faid Commiffioner lhall and he is hereby required to make a true and juft Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by him received or expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of th:s Aft, and fuch Statement and Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, lhall be audited and examined by Chrijlopbtr Wright of Cleajby, in the faid Riding, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpofe ; and in cafe of his Death or Refufal to aft by fuch other Perfon as lhall be appointed Auditor for that Purpofe in like Manner as is herein-before provided for the Appointment of a new Commiffioner in the Place of the faid Jonathan Teal; and the Balance lhall be by the faid Auditor dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the faid Commiffioner, or of his Clerk ; and no other Charge or Item in the faid Accounts lhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame (hall have been duly allowed by the laid Cbrijlopher Wright or fuch other Auditor as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the Money which lhall be advancedf by any Perfon or Perfons for defraying the Expences of applying for and paffing this Aft lhall be repaid with lawful Intereft out of the firlt Money to be raifed by the faid Commiffioner in purfuance of this Aft.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which lhall be made, let out or appointed in purfuance of this Aft lhall be held by the fame Tenure and (hall be fubjeft to the fame Yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs, and Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services as the fame or the feveral and refpeftive Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in refpeft of which the l'ereral Allotments or Parcels of Ground lhall be fo fet out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden refpeftively.

XXIL And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fliall extend or be condrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Deed, Will, Settlement, or Leafe, (except fo far as any fuch Leafe fHall be determined by this Aft) or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, or [Lee. ft? Per]	<5	G	Incumbrances

Expenre* of Exclnnges to ho p*t<i oy the Patties.

Commiflion-ei*i Account! to be indited*

Money ad-

vancetl for defraying E* peaces of A^s to He re-paid with In-terclt.

Allotment^ to be of the fame Tenure as cue MefTuaj.es and Land# in re-Ipett of which they are mace*

Aft not to af-meats.

4.86	A-'f GEO R G 11 I ft.' Seir.2. Cap.it.

fiicumbrances out of, upon, or a (feeling any of the Lands, Grounds* Cattlegates, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hail be refpeftively al-jotfed or appointed by virtue of this Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof relpcctivcly ; but that the Lands or Grounds, Cattlegates, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Ihall be refpeftively allotted or appointed by virtue of this Aft, and the Perfon or Perfons to whom the the fame Ihall be allotted (hall be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and Tubjeft to fuch and the fame Wills, Limitations, Ellates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, Reverfions, -and Leafes (except as aforefaid) as the feveral Lands, Grounds, Cattle-gates, and Hereditaments in refpeft of which fuch Allotments (hall be refpeftively allotted, let out, and made, were and flood limited, fettled, veiled to, for or upon, or were feverally fubjecl and liable to, at or immediately before the faid Award fhall be made, and all fuch Allotments refpeftively fhall neverthelefs be fubjeft to fuch Mortgage or Mortgages as fhall be made by the Authority and for the Purpofes of this Aft.

/p «i to rhe XXIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall Sc- think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing whatfoever to be done in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Forty-firft Year of his pre* fent Ma jelly, and of this Aft, (other than and except in Cafes where by any of the Provifions of the faid Aft or of this Aft, the Determinations, Afts, or Proceedings of the C.ommifiioner are direfted to be final and conclufive, and except as to fuch Claims, Matters, and Tilings as are herein-before di-refted or authorized to be afeertained, fettled, tried, and determined by the Verdift of a Jury), then and in every fuch Cafe he, Ihe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sefiions ot the Peace which fhall be holden for the North Riding of the County of York within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint ihall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiftioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned. One Calendar jWbnths Notice in Writing of luch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices (not interelfed in the Premifes) in their General Quarter Sefiions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order and award fuch Colls and Damages as to them in their Difcretion Ihall feem reafonable, and by their Older or Warrant to levy the Colls and Damages which Hi 11 be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deduft-ing the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale ; and the Determination of fuch Juftices Ihall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and Ihall not be removed nor removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjler or elfewhere ; and in caie luch Appeal Ihall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices Ihall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcretion Ihall Item reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

Savin? to the XXIV. And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained

l°r|.	fhall	be taken or conltrued to defeat, lelfen, or prejudice the Right

or lntereft of the faid Timothy Hutton as Lord of the Manors of Huntot aforefaid \ or of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the laid Manor*

tor

47° GEORGJI III. SejT.;%, Cap. 25.	467

for the Time being of, ip,, and to ail Mines of Lead, Copper, and Coals and all other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries ol: Stone in or tinder the laid Waite Grounds and Moor or Common by this Aft directed to be divided, allotted, and incloied as aforefaid: but that the laid Timothy Hutton, his Heirs, Alligns, and his or their LeiTce or Lclfets at all Times hereafter 11 .ail and may hold and enjoy, feaichforand work, all fuch Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and other Rights and Privileges in the faid Waite Grounds and Moor or Common (except the Right to the Soil thereof for which a Cornpenfation is hereinbefore directed to be made,) after the fame (hall be divided, allotted, and inclofed in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Fdrpofes as if this Act had not been made, making reafonable Satisfaction to the Perfon or Perfons, Owner or Owners of any Allotment or Allotments for any Damage which lhall or may be done by working fuch Mines or Quarries.

XXV.	Saving always, to the King’s Molt Excellent Majelty, his r,tI';rn!

Heirs and Succeflbrs, and to all other Perfon and Perfons. Bodies Politic^ ’"®‘ Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their refpeftive Heirs, Suc-cefiors, Executors, and Adminillrators (except the feveral Perions to whom

any Allotment or Allotments or other Cornpenfation lhall be made by virtue of this Aft, and except fuch other Rights as the Intents and Pur-poles of this Aft fhall require to be barred, dcltroyed, or extinguilhed), all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interelts, Claims, and Demands of, in, and to the faid Open Fields, Waite Grounds, and Moor or Common hereby direfted to be allotted and inclofed as they had and enjoyed before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft Had not been made.

XXVI.	And be it furthec enafted. That this Aft lhall be printed by PujI'c* Ait. the Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof

fo printed, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juitiees and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan*,-Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.

•mvi •; -. „ Ucdl hns ,! v •. ,««> l >v J ■1 'v " /n.tH 10 ti , i i^iw’i t. 10	11. bio>

■\ju\ insvin Item	id)

it<I li* A’. flJvdl O) <*.G ts:J/id!.V’qA •i ifttnols aannsM ni bsival

Gena wrlru/i n od bnA ,Y1ZX

vyW.T biA 3rfj \o fcmtnf ™ ".'•I ■ ' '	-	Ctil	10	t :■ •



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff 4.

on****************************************** ***********

Cap. 26.

An Aft for inclofing Chew Moor, in the Town (hip of Lojlock, in the Parifh of Bolton-in-the-Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancajier. [25th July 1807. J

WHEREAS there is within the Townfhip of Lojlock, in the Parifh of Bolton-in-the-Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancajier, a certain Moor, Common, or Piece of Wafte Ground, commonly called or known by the Name of Chew Moor, which contains Sixty-eight Acres One Rood and Thirty-fix Perches, in Statute Meafure, or theieabouts: And whereas Henry Blundell Efquire, Ralph Wright Gentleman, the Honourable Edward Perceval, and others, being Owners and Proprietors rei'ptctively of certain MefTuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the faid Townlhip of Lojlock, in refpeft thereof, or other-wife, have feverally for themfelves and their refpeftivc LelTees and Tenants, pertain Eftates, Rights, and Interefts in, upon, and out of the laid Moor: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the feveral Per-fons having fuch Ertates, Rights, and Interefts, in, upon, and out of the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wafte Ground, and render the Cultivation and Management thereof much more convenient, if the fame was divided and inclofed, and fpecific Parts thereof allotted to the feveral Perfor.s interefted therein, in proportion to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts; but fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authotity of Parliament: And whereas an Adt was pafled in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An All for confolidating in One AR certain Provijitns ufually infer ted in ARs of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral FaRs ufually required on the paffing of fuch Alls: May it therefore pleafeYour Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent [Ick. isf Per.]	6	H	"	Majefty,

490

Commifiicn-ers appointed.

How new Commiffion-ers fhall be chofen.

In cafe of Difference in Opinion, or in Difpute between the Commiflion-ers, they may refer the Matter in Difpute to a Third Per-fon, whofe Decifion fhall be final.

47° GEORG 11 III. SeR. 2. Cap. 26.

Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo’a., anti Common , in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Ralph Fletcher, of Hatdgb in the faid Counts’, Eft)uire, and Thomas Cropper, late of Winjlanley, but now of Taxtetb Park in the faid County, Gentleman, and their SucceiTots to be appointed in Manner hrrein-afer mentioned, lhall be and they aie hereby appointed Commifli ners for dividing and alioting the Lid Moor, C m-mon, or Piece of Wafte Ground, and for carrying the feveral other Pur-poles of this Aft into Execution, fubjed to the Regulations of the faid Trcued Aft, except in fuch Cales where the fame are hereby varied or altered.

II.	And be it further enafted. That if either of the Commiflioners appointed by this Aft, or any lucceeding Commiflioner who may hereafter be nominated and appointed in the Manner heroin-after mentioned, fhall die, or lhall refufe to aft, or flial! be rendered incapable of afting by Sicknefs, or any other Caufe whatfoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in them fhall be carried into Execution, then and in every fuch Cafe anothtr Ccmrmflioner (not interefted in the Lid Di-ifion and Inclofure in any refpeft) lhall, upon the Application of the lurviving or continuing Conimiffioner, or of any of the Per!fcns entitled to Right 14' Common, or any other Right in and upon the faid Moor, Common, 6r Piece of Wafte Ground, or to any Allotment made or to be tr,acle in lefpeft of fuch Right, be appointed by a Majority in Value of the feveral Perfor.s entitled to fuch Rights, or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in Relpeft thereof, who (hall be p'efenc at a public Meeting of fut h Perfons entitled as aforefaid, to be huldcn for that Purpofe, and of which Fourteen Days previous Notice fhall be put up and affixed on the Weft Door of the Pariffi Church of Bolton aforefaid ; and if no new Conimiffioner fhall be appointed at fuch Meeting, then anoffier Com-miffioner (not intertfted in the faidDivifion and Inclofure) fhall, upon fuch Application as before-mentioned, be appointed by the Juftices of the Peace at the Quarter Sc (lions ol the Peace for the faid County of Lancafler, or at feme At journment thereof, to beholden in the Hundred of Salford, in the Room or Place of every fuch Cammiffioncr fo dying or refuflng to aft, or who fhall become incapable of afting as aforelaid, public Notice of fuch Application having been affixed on the faid Door of the faid Pariffi Church, Fourteen Days at the leafc previous to the holding of the Quarter Siflions, or the Adjournment theieof, at which Application fhall be made; and every fuch new Conimiffioner fo to be appointed as aforefaid (ball have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Aft in Execution, in all Refpefts whatfoever, as the Commiffioner in whofe Place he (hall fucceed was veiled with by virtue of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Difference in Opinion or Difpute fhall at any Time or Times arife or happen between the Ccm-miffioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the dividing and allotting the faid Moor, it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized, when and as often as any fuch Difference in Opinion or Difpute fhall happen or arife, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Third Perfon (not interefled in the faid Dlvifion and Inclofure in any refpeft) to examine into, hear, and determine the Matter or Matters in Difpute, or

11	touching

'49*

47°GEORGII III. Sell'2. Cap. 26.

touching which any fuch Difference in Opinion (hall have ariferi, i^hofe Deciflon refpecting the Matter or Matters to him referred (hall be ftnai and conciu(ive, and (hall if neceffiry be ime.rted in. the Award to be made by the laid Coaimiffiuners, and be as binding and effectual, to all itnertts and Purpofes, as if tlie Came had been agreed upon and determined by the Commiflioners appointed or to be appointed in Manner atyrcl.id for carrying this Aft into Execution,	Hr rt

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon nominated and appointed Umpire’s a Referee or Umpire as aforefaid lhall be capable of afting as fuch Referee or Umpire until he lhall have taken and lubfcribed the Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, the Affirmation following; (videlicet),

*	I Do fwear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do folemnly ‘ affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially, and houeftly, according to ‘ the bell cf my Skill and Judgement, examine into, hear, and determine

*	the Matter or Matters fubmitted to my Deciflon under cr by virtue of 4 an Aft for inclofing Cbew Moor, in the Townfhip of Lcftock, in the

*	Parifh of Bolton-in-the-Moors in the County Palatine of Lancajier, without

*	Favour or Aifeftion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons ‘ whomsoever.

<	‘So	help	me GOD.’

Which Oath it (hall be lawful for either of the Commiflioners to admi-nifter; and the faid Commiflioners, or One of them, are and is hereby required to adminifter the lame accordingly.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall and Commiflion. they are hereby required to caufe a Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon !'r*to 2lve the Weft Door of the Parilh Church of Bolton aforefaid, of the Time and thejr Meet-Place of their full: and other Meetings, for executing the Powers hereby ings.

and by the faid recited Aft veiled in them (Meetings by Adjournment excepted), at leaft Ten Days before every tuch Meeting (hall be held, and that the Place of fuch Meetings, whether by Adjournment or o:her-wife, lhall not exceed the Diftance of Eight Miles from the Boundaries of the (aid Moor, Common, or Piece of Walle Ground; and the faid Com-miflioners lhall and may adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time, as they lhall lee Occafion, without caufing any further Notice to be given; and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the faid Commiflioners, whether by Adjournment or otherwife, only One of them (ball attend, and fo from Time to Time as often as only One Commiflioner (hall attend, the Commiflioner fo attending may adjourn the fame to fuch Time, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day on which fuch Meeting ouerht to have been held, and to fuch Place, not exceeding Eight Miles from the Boundaries of the faid Moor, as lhall be deemed by him moft convenient, and lhall caufe Notice of every fuch laft-mentioned Adjournment to be given to the abfent Commiflioner.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all other Notices necefiary or Direfting

requifite to be made and given by the faid Commiflioners lhall be fo made how other and given by Notices to be affixed on the faid Weft Door of the Parifh Noti.ces (hall Church of Belton aforefaid.	be Siven>

VII.	And he it further enafted, That in cafe any Difputeor Difference Commiflion. lhall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted ers to fettle

jn Depute..

492	47* GEORGII III. Self.2. Cap.26.

in the laid Divifion and Inclofure of the faid Moor, touching or concerning the reipeftive Rights and Interefts which they or any of them fliall have or claim to have in the fame, 'or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Divifion and Inclofure of the faid Moor, it (hall be lawful for the laid CommilBoners, and they are hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained (hall authorize the faid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any MclTuages, Coctages, Lands, or Heredita-ments whatloever.

Power to VIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners aflefs Coils, fhall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objcftion cr Objections, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the {aid recited Aft, fee Caufe to award any Colts, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs, and award loch Cods and Charges as they fhall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the laid Commif-fioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objcftion or Objections, fhall be thereby difallowcd or over-ruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who fliall be liable to pay fuch Colts and Charges fhall neglcft or refufe to pay the fame on. Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands direfted to any Perfon or	Perfons whomfoever, to caufe	fuch Colts and Charges to be

levied by	Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods	and Chanels of the Perfon or

Perfons fo neglefting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels j fhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Colts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

Allowing IX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in cafe any Per-Parues totry f,)n or perf0ns interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended byTn iffue* Divifion,	Allotment, and Inclofure, (hall	be diffatisfied with any Deter-

at Law.	mination	of the faid Commiflioners, or	of any Referee nominated by

them in Manner aforefaid, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rghcs or Interefls, in, over, or upon the Moor, Common, or Piece of Wafte Ground, hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters fo determined by the faid Commiflioners, or any Referee nominated by them in Manner aforefaid, in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at IVeJlminJler, or in the Couit of Common Pleas at Lattcajhr, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Referee, fhall caufe an Aftion to be brought upon a feigned Iffueagainft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour Inch Determination fhall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Referee j and the Defendant or Defendants in luch Aftion or Aftions fhall, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file common Bail, or appear thereto, and accept one or more Iffue or Iflues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled

493

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 26.

"by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Action or Actions thill be commenced, in cafe the Partits (hall differ about the lame); and the Verdift or Verdifts which (ball be given in fuch Action or Aftions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Pcrfon and Peifons whomfoever, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Aftions thall be brought thall fet afide luch Verdift or Verdift', and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it thall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes; and each and trery of the Pai ties in luch Aftion or Aftions, for whom or in whole Favour the fame (hall be determim d, thall be entitled to his, her, or their Cotts ot Suit agsinft the other or others of them, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Aftion or Aftions (hall be brought; and aft-r fuch Verdift tr Verdifts thall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Comnnffioners thall and they are hereby required to aft in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial orTrials: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Referee, touching fuch Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interefts, in, over, or upon the Moor, Common, or Piece of Walle Ground, hereby diiefted to be divided, allotted, and inclcfed, or anv Part thereof, which thall not be objefted to, or being objefted to, the Party or Parties objefting not caufing fuch Aftion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforclaid, thall be final and conclufive upon all Partier.

X.	And be it further enafted. That if any of ihe Parties in any Aftion to be brought in puifuance of this Aft thall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion thall not abate by reafon thereof, but (hall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That the Cods, Charges, and Expences of folidting, obtaining, and paffing this Aft; of Purveying, meafuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the Moor, Common, or Piece of Wafte Ground, hereby direfted to be divided and allotted ; of forming, making, and putting in good and fufficient Repair, the Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed under or by viitue of this or the (aid recited Aft; of rhe preparing and enrolling of the Award of the faid CommiL fioners, and all other Writings and Irflrumer.ts to be executed by the f id Commiffioners in puifuance of this or tire faid recited Act; and all odier neccflary Expences in, about, and corcerning the Execution of this or the faid recited Aft, (ball be borne, paid, and defrayed by the feveral Perfons (except the hercin-after named William Seddon and John Seddon, and their icfpeftive Heirs and Affigm, and alfo except theTruflees of the Allotment herein-aftcr direfted to be made for the Benefit of a School-mafter) to whom any Allotments (hall be made in puifuance or by virtue of this Aft, by an Affeffment or AffetTments, Rate or Rates to be made upon the telpeftive Owners (except the (aid William Seddon and John Seddon, their refpeftive Heirs and AfTigns, and except the faid Trultees) of the Allotments ot the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wallc Ground, to be ftt out as aforefaid, by an equal Pound Rate, according and in propoition to the mal Value of their rcljx'ftive Allotments, to be fettled, adjufted, and afeertained by the faid C. mmiffioners, and to be paid to foch Peifon or Perfons, for fuch In.cuts and Purpofes, and at fuch Time or limes as the fdid Commifli'>ners ihall fer that Purpofenominate direft

[Lee. fcf Per.]	6	/	or

If any Parties die. Pr. ceecU ings not to abate.

For defraying the Expences,

.494	47° GEORGII III. SeUf. 2. Cap. 26.  or appoint; and in ca'e anv Perfon or Perfons liable to pay fuch Sum ot Sums of Monty, Cuds, Charges, and F.xpcnces, or anv Part or Parts thereof, (had negledt or refufe to pay the fame, or to contribute his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Propoitions thereof to fuch Perlon or Perfons, and at the Time or 1 jmes to be appointed by the laid Commiflioners, then the fame fhall be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the faid recited Ait.

Allotmentfor XII. And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners fhall, and

Stone and GraveL	they are hereby authorized and empowered to fet out, allot, and award fuch Part or Parts ot the laid Moor, Common, 01 Piece of Wallr Ground (not exceeding Twenty P, rches in the Whole), as they fhall think proper, tor the Purpofe of getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials for making and repairing the public Roads or Ways, in, over, or through the faid Moor, Common, or Piece tf Wade Ground, with full Libcity and Pr vilege for the faid William Seddon, hisHeiisand Adigns, to gqt Gravel ihrieout for the Reparation and Amendment of his Part ot a private Road within his ancient indofed Lands in Lojlock afortfaid, Ira-Jr ing from the faid Moor towards MrJs Hal/; and the lame Part or Parts, when fet out, fhall for ever thereafter be i fed in fuch Manner, and und r fuch Rules aid Regulations, as the faid Commiflioners fhall by Pair Award dired or appoint.

Allotment to XIII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Ccmmifii >ners fhall, and

a'School-jmaftcr.	thev are hereby required lo let out, alfgn, and a 1 t unto the Reverend Tlomas Bancroft C r'k, V car of the Pa ilh ot Bolton.in-1hi- Moors afore-laid, ih' Rcvcie d Rberl Latham, Vicar of t e Pmlb ot Deem in t!ve faid C-.umy ot Lamajler, and the Keveie u Thomas Heyes, Cura-e- < f Wjlh ugblon Chapel i i the laid Pariii of Dean, and tneir S.caflors, Vicars and Curates lor the 1 ime b ing of the Pa tidies and Cnapel afore, faid, a Plot, Piece, or Parcel of the laid • Moor, Coinmo , > r W aite G ourd, containing Two Acr sot Chejhne Meal ure, upon Tiuft that they the fai i Thomas Bancroft, Robert Lalcam, and Thomas Heyes, and tlnir Succeffors, Vicars and Cutates of the P.rifhes and Clipcl atoirfaid, (hall and do pay, apply, and difpofr of the clear yearly and other Rents, Hues, and Profits of the faid Plot of Land, lo t be alligncd and allotted, unto and for theUle and Benefit of a Schooluiafler, to be employed in the Inftrudlion of the Ciiildten of Lojlock and its immediate Neighbourhood in the Englijh Language, nd in reading t; e Bible, and in learning the Precepts of rhe Chnilian Religion, under luch Rules and Regulations as the C mimflioners in their laid Award fliall think proper to prelcribe fir tile Government thereof, and fubjeCl to fuch further Rules and Regulations as the find Truftees for the l ime being (had think proper to adopt tor the ordering, Superinter.dance, and Management thereof ; and which laid Truflees for the Time being fhall have lull Power to debt, choofe, place, and dilplace the Schoolmafter for the Time being, at their Will and Piealure.

Allotments to XIV. And be it further er.aifled. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and William and they aie hereby required to allot, afiign, and let out unto the laid William Jo n Seddon. §e£ijg/i antj yc/:n Scddon relpe&ively, and to their relpcdtive Heirs and Afligns, iri lieu, bar, and full Satisfaction of all Right of Soil, and Right of Common, and all other Right and Inietefl wha'.foever, of them and i	every

495

47° (jEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.26.

every of them, in, upon, or out of the faid Moor, Common, or Waftfc Ground, to be held by them and their refptftive Heirs and Afligns, for ever in Severalty, the feveral Plots of Land, Parcels of the faid Moor, Common, or Wade Ground herein after particularly mentioned, that is to fay, unto the faid William Seddon, his Heirs and Afligns, all that Plot of Land, or Parcel of the faid Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, beginning at or adjoining to a Cottage belonging to the faid William Seddon, in the Occupation of John Grundy, and extending Northwards with a Bradtli of Thirteen Yards, as far as a Poo! or Pir, called Lhe IVoJh Pit, fubjrct neverthelefs to a Road or Way, to be fet out by the laid Comnvflioners, through the faid Plot of La id, for the Benefit of the Occupiers ot the Allotments and Grounds adjoining, or near thereto, to paf, and repafs through the fame on foot, or on horfeback, and with their Horlcs, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages at all Time', and alfo fubj ft to a certain other Road or Way, to be fet oot by the faid Commiflionrrs through the (aid Pio: of Land for all Pertbns whomfoever, to pafs through the fame on f ot; at all Times; alfo all that other Plot of Land, Parcel of the laid Moor, Common, or Waite Ground, lying Weft of a Line or Fence intended to be drawn from a jutting Point of a Garden in the Occupation of the faid William Seddon, to a private Road to be marked out by the faid Commif-fioners, the Line to be diitant from the South Elderly Corner of his the laid Wiliam Seddon’s Gard n Thorn Five Yards; and unto the faid John Seddon, his Heirs and Alfigns, all that Plot of Land, Parcel of the faid Moor, Common, or Wafte Ground lying oppofirc to a Houfe or Garden belonging to the faid John Seddon, now or lately in the Occupation of James Partington, which laft-ment:oned Plot of Land is intended to contain a Quantity equal ro the Length of the faid Garden!, ti e Buildings, and Gate, and Two Yards Welt of the Gate inro his Meadow, and a Breadth of Twelve Yards from the Outlide of the P ech, the fame to be fee out by the Lid Commifil ners in fuch Form and Manner as they fhall think will belt ime the Convenience of the faid John Seddon, and the other Perfons who are to have the Benefit of the Occupation Road; which is to lead dole to the laid lad-mentioned Plot of Land.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That after the Highways and Roads by the laid recited Aft directed ro be fet out and appointed, and the feveral Allotments hertii,-before directed to be made, (hail be let out as aforefaid, the laid Gommiflioners lhall'and they are hereby required to afiion, allot, and appoint the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground unto and amongd the faid Henry Blundell, Rabh Wright, Edward Perceval, and the feveral other Pcrlons, Bodies Politic or Coipor.ue (other than and except the faid IVdlum Seddon and John Seddon), who at the Time fhall be entitled to any Right of Common, or other Intrred, in or upon the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, according to their feveral and refpeftive Edates and Intereds therein, and in luch Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as by the faid Commillioners fhall be adjudged and deemed a Compenfation and Satill faction for the feveral and rclpective Rights and Intereds of each and of every of the faid Proprietors.

XVf. And he it further enafted, That every Perfon holding any Leafc or Leafes at Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of any Mcffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the faid Towiifhip of Lets:k, to which any Right of Common or other Right or Intcreft, iaor upon thi

faid

Other Allotments.

Tenants under Leafes at Hack Rent i to be entitled to Comperi- , fatten from Landlord*

496	4/° Gi. ORGII 4U- BffLji. Cap'. 26.

fJid Moor, Common, or Piece of Watte Ground,-doth-belong (except fo'eh -Perfon or Perf.ns ?.s hold under any L<ate or Leaks in which there is anv Stipulation or Agreement with refpect to the Allotments to be made upon in Inclofore of the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground), fhall be entitled to'focfi Deduction Pom his, her, or their rdpediv.e Rent or Rents in reipedt of filth Right of Common, or other Right or Intereft as otcrefaid, from the Time all fuch Rights fha.il ceafe, by virtue ot this or the f aid recittfd Acl, as the faid Commillionm lhall birebt or appoints; and the Landh rd or Landlords, or Owner or Owners of the Hertdita-ments in iuch Leaks or Agreements refpcctively, (hall be entitled to the immediate PofMion of the Allotments to be made in refpect thereof.

Per tons having beneficial Leafes to have the Allotments.

Commiflion-•rs may decide between Landlord and T criSnt.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That the feveial Lefiees and Tenants who have or hold any Leafehoid Eflate or Eltates wit hin the laid Townfhip of Lojlock, having Iuch Right of Common, or other Right or Intereft, in or upon the laic: Moor, Common; or Piece ot Waite Ground (except fuch as t>c->d under any Leafe or Leafes at Rack Kent as aoeCid, or in whofe Leafes there is'.any Stipulation or Agreement wi h refpect to the Allotments to be made upon an Indolure of the faid Moor, Common, or Piece cf Waite Ground, to the contrary), (half, during the Continuance of their rcfpe&ivl- Lrafes, have, hold, and enjoy the feveral Parts and Shares of the faid Moor, Common, or Piece or Wafte Ground, that fhall be allotted and fet out for or in nfpeCt ot the levtral Ellatcs fo held in Leafe by them tefpectively, upon Condi'i.n only that fuch LefTee or Lefties, Tenant or Tenants, do and (hall well and futfkiemly ir.clofe, dbctl.rand ferce out the Shaics of the laid Moor, Common, or P-ene ot W.ute Ground, allutted to their refpective Eftates, irv foth Manner, and wiiivirt fuch Tune or Times, as the faid Commifliooers by anv Writing ur;oer their Hands, or by their (aid Award, fhall Older 'Or direct; and alio do and, fhall pay his, her, or their P.irt and Share, or Parts and Shares proportion to their Leaf hold Imerefts therein i efpedtivcly), of all fuch Cells, Charge', and Expences, as are herein-befbre mentioned, ro be fettled, adjufted, r.nd afeertained by the Lid Commiflioners ; and the Perlon or Perlons, entitled to the faic Eftates in Remainder or Rcverfion, (hall and are hereby directed to pay the Rcfidus of fuch Cotts, Charges, and'Ex-penoet; and if ahv of the faid Lt(Tees or Tenants of fuch Lealehold Eftate or Eftates fhall refule or neglect w-11 and fufficiently to indole, ditch, and: fejue out th-s feveral Parts and Shares cf the laid Mopr, Common, or Piece of Wafte Ground, to.be allotted for their levtral and refpectire Eftates, in the Manner and with in Iuch Time or TimesAs afonfjud; and to pay their lev, ral and refpedive P^ris and Shares of the leveral Colls, Charges, and Expences afore (aid, then and in fuch Cafe the Whole of fuch relpeflive Allotments fhall go, reverr, and remain unto, and be held and ei joyed by the rrlpective Propiieturs ur Owners of the Remainder or Reverfion of fuch Leafehoid Eftates, to which the fame lhall be lo lelpccv lively allotted as aforclaid, freed and discharged lrom Iuch Leafehoid InttTtft, according 10 ther feveral and relpedtive Eftates therein relpec-. tively; and in that Cale the Pfifon or Perlons, in Remainder or Reveilion, are hereby autnorized, directed, and required .to ir.clole, ditch, and fence in the fame in the Manner, and v ithin Iuch Time or I imev as aforcfaid^and tu pay the pr poriioriabie Part or Parts ot fuch Cufts, Charges, and Expences.

XVfir. And be it further ena&td, That it fhall be lawful for the faid CotnmiiTioners to adjuft, le tie, and determine all Contracts, Covenants, _.il	Agreements,

497

47° GEORGII III.- Seff.2. Cap. 26.

Agreements, Claims, Difputes, and Demands whatfoever, touching the J'aid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, or any Part thereof, or any Right or Benefit, of, in, or to the fame, between any Landlord and Tenant, or Landlords and Tenancs,

XIX.	And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon hath fold, con-traded or agreed to ftll, or fhall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid Conimiffioners fell, contrail or agree to fell, hi, or her Right, Intertft, cr Property, in, ever, or upon the faid Moo’, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Com-mifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafcr in fuch Sale, Contrail, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Afligns, for and in rcfpeil of luch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold, contracted or agreed to be fold as atorefaid; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his, her, or their Heirs and Affigns, fhall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contrail, cr Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale, Contrail, or Agreement, had not been made, or fuch Right, Intertft, or Property, had been vefted in fuch Vendee at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enailed. That the Allotment herein-before dirciled to be fet out for the Benefit of a Schoolmaftcr fha’l be inclofed and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof with Ditches, Quickfet Hedges, and Gates where neceflury, and well and fufficiently marled in a proper and hufbandlike Manner, by or at the Expence of the feveral Perions (other than and except the Truflees of the faid Allotment, and the faid William Seddon and John Ssddon, and their refpective Heirs and Affigns) to whom Allotments are herein-before direited to be made as aforefaid, in fuch Manner, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiffioners (hall by any Writing under their Hands, or by their faid Award order or dirtil, but the fame (hall be thereafter maintained and preferved out of the Rents and Profits thereof; and that all other Allotments fo to be made as aforefaid fhall be incioled and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof refpe&ively by fuch of the Proprietors thereof, in fuch Manner, at or before fuch Time or Times, and for ever afterwards be repaired, preferved, and maintained as the faid Commiffioners (hall, by any Writing as aforefaid, or by their laid Award, alfo order and diredt.

XXI.	And be it further enacled, That no Sheep, or Lambs, or Pigs, be depaftured or kept in any of the faid new Inclofures for the Space of Seven Year? from the Time when the faid Award fhall have been enrolled as aforefaid, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons keeping the fame do, at his, her, or their own Pxpence, guard and fence his, her, or their Neighbours Quickfets adjoining the Inclofures wherein fuch Sheep, or Lambs, or Pigs, (hall be depaftured or kept, fo as to prevent any Damage beino-done thereto.

In cafe any Perfon (hall fell his Common Right the All t-ment to be made to the Purchafer.

By whom Allotments to be fenced.

No Sheep or Pigs to be kept for Seven Years.

49§

Proceedings to be inferted in Books.

Commifiion-ers Allowance.

Proprietors to pay their own Ex-pences at all Meetings.

Commiflion-er? Accounts to be examined Yearly.

perfons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Stffions.

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 26.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners at their refpeftive Meetings (hall be entered in a Book or Books to he provided for that Purpofe, and that fuch Orders as fhall be made by the faid Commiffioners fhall be figned by them, which faid Orders and Proceedings fo entered in lucn Book or Books, and figned by the faid Commiffioners, (hail and may be read in Evidence in all Suits, Afticns, Jurifdiftlons, or other Proceedings in any Court whatever, concerning any Matter or Thing done or happening in relation to-, or in purluance of this or the faid recited Act.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That out of the Money that (hall be raffed or paid for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this and the faid recited A£t, there fh.tll be paid to each of the faid Commiffioners, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for each Day he fhall be employed in travelling, or engaged in the Execution of this or the (aid recited Aft, and that each of the Lid Commiffioners (hall defray his travelling Expences, and alfo his own Expences, at all Meetings to be held in purluance of this or the faid recited Aft ; and that every Proprietor or other Perfon interefted in the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Waftc Ground, and alfo their Attornie* and Agents, (hall at fuch Meetings pay and difeharge his, her, and their own Expences.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That once at lead in every Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the paffing thereof) the faid Commiffioners {hall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by them laid before any One or more of His M'ajefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of Lemcajltr, to be by him ot them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance lhall be by fuch Juftice or Juftices (fated in the Book or Books of Accounts to be kepr in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners; and no Charge or Item m fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame (hall have been duly allowed by luch Juftice or Juftices.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, (hall think himfelf, herfeff, orthftrsfelves, aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft (except where the Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiffioners are by this or the laid recited Act direfted to be final and conclufive, and alfo except where Provifion is made for Trial thereof by Law), he, (lie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Stffions of the Peace to be holden in the Hundred of Salford, in and for the faid County Palatine of Lancafitr, or to fome Adjournment thereof, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Twenty Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices affembled at the faid General Quarter Seilions (not interefted in the Premifes) are hereby required to hear and determine rhe Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Older, and award fuch Colls and

Damages,

499

47° G EORGII III. Sell'. 2. G#p.2.6.

Damages, as to them in their Difcretion fhall feern reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Coils and Damages, which fhall be fo awarded by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Cnattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting; the reafonable Charges of fuch Warranr, Diilrefs and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juilices Ihall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majedy’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler or elfewhere; but in cpfe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Juilices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juilices fhall award fuch Coils to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion ihall fcem reafonable, to be levied in Manner aforefaid : Provided neverthelefs, that if the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Damages and Coils, or fuch Colts only, are awarded, ihall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the fame can be made and levied, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons to whofe Ufe fuch Damages and Coils, or Coils only, are awarded, to make Information upon Oath, before any Two Juilices of the Peace in and for the faid County of Lancajler, that fuch Damages and Coils, or Coils only, remain unpaid t© him, her, or them, and that no fufficient Diilrefs can be had or made for the fame, and thereupon fuch Juflices fhall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, commit the Party or Parties liable to pay fuch Damages and Cods, or Cods only, to the Houfe of Correction in and for the Hundred of Salford aforefaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for fuch Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the faid Judices fhall in their Difcretion think meet, unlefs the faid Damages and Cods, or Cods only, ftiall be fooner paid and fatished.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any claims in re-Perfon or Perfons fhall claim before the faid Commiffioners any Allotment °f the of the faid Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, in refpeft to his or their

being Lord or Lords of the Manor or reputed Manor of Lojiock aforefaid, tocbe j"°err. and (hall edablifh fuch Claim in the Manner herein and by the faid recited mined by the Aft direfted, then the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby re- Commiffion-quired to fet out and allot unto fuch Perfon or Perfons fuch Part or Parts ers’ of the faid Moor, Common, or Wade Ground, as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners be equal in value to One f ifteenth Parc of the faid Moor, Common, or Wade Ground.

XXVII.	Saving always to the King's mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs General and Succeflcirs, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Saving. Politick and Corporat', his, her, or their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors,

and Adminidrators (other than and except the refpeftive Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land, or Compenfation fliali be made, by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of the Intereds and Property for which fuch Allotments or Compenfations fhall be made, and other than and except the Rights and Intereds which are intended to be barfed and dellroyed by this Aft), all fuch Eftates, Rights, and Intereds, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or in refpeft of the faid Moor, Common, or Piece of Wade Ground, before the Commencement of this Aft, or could or might have had or enjoyed in cafe the

47° OEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 26.

fame had no: been made; buc no Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politiik or Corporate, his, hpr, Or their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, or Admi-niftrators, (hall have Power to difturb any of the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or to vacate or make void any of the Orders or Determinations of the laid Commiffioners, and which are declared and expreffed to be final and conclufive.

tinted iT-	XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft Iball be printed by

the"King’s	the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof lb

Printer.*3 printed fliall be admited as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

' t .V •	.

.	•	t '

10	'd-jii yjf	■

ypRitrM'i

Y't ‘ 'fh'I twfi tb* inHri# •ijblrrtnfJ jjrl b'*H*	------ O nfftof

f1 .V.tpZ \tw. ■'

ST# *' f1	•■■Hi 1

*5^	td .rnsrttftr'irnr

ot	•• -vr, it)r, , -j

• I f!tV/ t(J Tr'-nfi*

•dtV v;	itmrnrr;?

liT*> f*rfi few /n»r •

y

muiS

ifwo<# bed hrit^fi 44 f to E«fll	70 re V. ^	u

fljtturwr

t^*.a lOi^1 A1

k

»

k

Ik

ft

i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

I GEORGII TIL REGIS.

SeHT. 2.

******* ***********************************************

Cap. 27.

An Aft for inclofingLands intheParifhes of Warlworth and Lejbury, in the County of Northumberland.

[25th July 1807.]

WHEREAS there is within the Parifhes of IVarkworth and Lef* bury, or one of them, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Tract of Wufte Ground, commonly called Threap Moor o'herwife Threap Ground, containing by Eftimation, One hundred and Twenty Acres Three Roods and Twenty-eight Perches, or {hereabout: And whereas the mod noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the Barony or Manor and Borough of IVarkworth, and of the Barony of Alnwick, and as fu h is Owner of the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within and under the faid Common Moor or Tratt of Wade Ground: And whereas the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Thomas Bujlon, of Bujlon in tne County of Northumberland Efquire, and fcveral other Perfons are Lifed and poflelfed of divers MeffuSges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Baronies, or Manors and Parifhes, or fome of them j and in rtfpett thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Leffees, Farmers, or Tenants, are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the laid Common Moor or Wafle Ground: And whereas confidmble Parts of the faid Common Moor or Waite Ground are incapable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the fevrral Peri •ins entitled to luch Right of Common as aforefaid, are willing and drlirous that the faid Common Moor orWafte, with the Confent of the faid Lord ot the fiid Bammes or Manors, fhould be divided and allotted by th>- Commiflii r.er or Commilhoners in that Behalf, to be appointed [Lee. & Ber.J	6	L	amongft

1

502

Commiflioncr.

General Aft exttnded to thii.

For choofing new Commit"-lionets.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 27.

amongft the Did Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the feveral othet Perf ns entitled to Right of Common thereon, or otherwife interefted therein refpe&ively, which will be advantageous to all the Parties interefted therein rei'pe&ively, and tend to the Improvement of their reipettive Eftates; hut the fame cannot be cffc&ed without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe YourMajefty, that it may beenaCVd , and be it cna&cd by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prtfent Parliament aflembkd, and by the Authority of the (amr, That William Bates, of Clr.rtnocd in the County of Northumberland Gentleman, ftiaii be and is hereby appointed folc Commiflioncr tor fetting out, dividing, and allotting the Lid Common Moor or Wafte, and for putting this A£t in Execution, in fuch Manner and lubjeft to fuch Rrgu-larions as are herein-after contained, and with fuch ot the Powers, and fubjeT to luth of the Rules, Ordeis, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Refliidions, arid Proviflons contained in an Ad, palled in the Fo’ y-firti Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeftv, intituled. An Ail for co.fit dating in one Act certain Proviftons ufualiy tnferted in Ails of Inch• Jute, end for jaciliiat'ng the Mode ofproving the feveral tails ufualiy required on the ftjjing of fuch Ails, as are not controlled by or rtpugnant to any of theClaulea, Piovifions, or Regulations contained in this Ad.

II.	Provided rlways, and be it further enadled. That if the faid William Bates (hall die, or lhall ntgltfl to ad for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occafion lhall require his Attendance on the Bufintfs hereby committed to his Charge, or lhall refufe to ad, or be rendered incapable ©fading by Shkr.tfi or any other Caufe whatfoever, before ihe Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in him lhall be carried into Execution, Two new Cc mmiffioners fliali and may be appointed and nominated m his place in Manner following 5 (that is to fay) the faid Hugh Duke of Nortcum-herland, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of the faid Baronies or Manors, or the Guardian or Guardians of any Lotd or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of the faid B.,rentes or Manors, being an Infant cr Infants under theAge of Twenty-one Years, or his or their Steward or Stewards, Receiver or Receivers, or Agent or Agents, for the Time being, lhall and may, by any lnftrument in Writ-ing, under his, her, or their, or any of their Hands or Hand, nominate and appoint a proper Perfon, not being beneficially irterrfted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perfon fo interefted, to be one of fuch Commiflioners, and the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte hereby intended to be divided, or their refpedlive Agents prelent at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meet ing Notice lhall be given by any Two or more of fuch Proprietors and Owners, or their refpective Agent?, by affixing the fame on the principal Doors of the Patifn Churches of Work-worth and Lejbury afore-faid, and alfo caufing the fame to be inferred in the NewcaJllc-upon-Tyne Courant Newfpaper, ur if that Newfpaper (hall not then be publilhed, then in lome other Newfpaper ufualiy circulated in the County of Northum. berland, Twemy-one Days at leaft before fuch Meeting, lhall and may, by any lnftrument in Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Perfon, not being beneficially interefted in the laid Divifion and

Inclofure,

47° GEORGII III. &£-at: Cap. 27.	5<

Inrlofure, or an Agent to, or Father, San, or Brother of any Perfon fo intoefled, to he the other of fuch Coinmiliioners in the Room of the fa id William Bates j and in cafe of the Death of any Petibn foto be here* after nominated and appointed a Commiffioner as aforefaid, or of his Neglect, or Refufal to act, 01 becoming incapable of acting as aforefaid, the Perfon < r Ferfons by whom fuch Commiffioner was nominated and appointed (their refpectwe Heir*, Succellors, Agents, or Affigns} fhall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commiffioner in his room, and fo ieties quelies, lb often as any Vacancy fhall happen by fuch Death,

Neglect, Refulal, or Incapacity of every luch new Commiffioner or Commif-ffior.ers lo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid ; and every Perfon who fhall be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, fhall have fuch and the like Powers and, Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been non.mated ar.d appointed a Comm iffioner in and by thisAct, whichfaid feveral Instruments of Nomination and Appointment (ball be ini oiled in the fame Plac*, and Evidence thereof given in the fame Manner, as in and by the laid Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the laid Commiffiuncrs.

III.	And, for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difference or umpire to Difpute that may arife between the Lommiffioners touching or concern- appointed, ing any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in purfuance of the faid tecited Act or of this Act; be it further enacted.

That the faid Commifiioners fo to be appointed fhall and they are hereby required, immediately after the taking and fublcr.bing the Oath or Affir-r mation by the laid recited Aft directed ;o be by them taken and fubferi rd, by Writing under their Hands, tochoofe, nominate, and appoint fome other proper and fkilful Perfon (not inteiefted in the faid Lands and Ground', and not being an Agent to, cr Faiher, bon, or Brother of any Ptrlon lb m-terefted) who fhall tc willing and confent to aft as Umpire, and fuch Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and drt rmine any luch Difference or Difpute as may arife between the faid C n miffiorters, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divi on and Inc-lofure f and the Judgement and Determination of the faid Umpire therein, fhall be1 deemed and confulered to be the Judgement and Determination of the faid’ Con.m:flionets,and(hallbe final and cone iofiee upon the faid Commifiioners and open all ocher Perfon* concerned in the faid Div.fion and Inclofure, fo far as the Afts of the faid Comm Goners are by the laid recited Aft and this Aft m:de final and conclufive : Provided always, that in cafe the Perfon lb nominated and appointed by the faid Commifiioners as Umpire lhali die, or rduie to aft, or become incapable of afting in the Execution of the Jain .recked Aft or of this Aft, then and fn any luch Cafe it fhall be liwtu! lor the laid Comm.Goners fo to be appointed, to nominate and appoint one other Per.lc-n as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Perfonr fo dying, refilling to aft, or becoming incapable of afting in the Execution of the laid recited Aft ar.d ot this Act, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Pet-Ion fo nominated or appointed an Umpire Gall die, or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting in the Execution ot the faid Aft and of^ this Aft ; and in cafe any fuch Umpire Gal! negleft to fettle ar.d deter* mine any luch Difference or Difpute, within Thirty Days after the famo Gall have been refeied to him by the faidCommiGonerspfuchNegleft Gall be, and be deemed and taken to be a Refufal to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft.	-

IV. Pro-

5°4

Uirp re to be iworu.

Oath.

Surreyor to mill'-.

Survryor to take an Oath.

Surveyor'*

Oath,

47° GEORG 11 III. Scff.2. Cap. 27.

IV.	Provided alwavs and be it further enafted, That no Perfbn (hail be capable of afting in tne Execution of this Aft as Unpire, unul he (hall have taken and fu-Tcribed the Oath following; ( hat is to layj,

‘ r A. B. do (wear r, being one oh the People called Quakers do ‘ lokmnly affirm] that I will faunfully, impartially, and h >n -	.	ac.

‘ cording to the befl of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the * Tiuft, lJower, anJ Authority r-p fed in me as Umpire, by virtue of ‘ an Aft rrade in the Forty-f-venth Year of th Reign or King George the « Til..*,., intitule I, An Aft [here ivfot the Title of tbit Atl~\ accuicin* to . Equity arid go d Con'ciciiCc, and without Favour or Affection to any < Pe'ibn or Pcrlons whomfoever.	So	help me GOD.'

Which Oath or Affirmation it (hall and may be lawful to and for either of the laid Comm di mers to admin.fter, who is heteby required to admi* nilter the fame ; and luch Oath or Affirmation, when fo taken and fub-fer o,d by loch Umpire, (hah be annexed to andinrolled with the Awaid of the fain Commiffion-rs.

V.	And be it further enafted, That true and exaft Surveys and Ad-mealuiemcnts (ha 1 be taken and (air Plans made of the fevcral Mefftiages, Lai ds, Ter.iment', and Hi red tamems, in refpeft of which Right of Comnu n is < homed upon the {aid Common Moor or Wade fo intended to be d vidtd, and all.i of he laid Common Moor or Wade, if the Commif. fixncr or Comn. dinners tor the Time being ffiall not be fatisfied with the Map or Survey made at the Time of pi ding this Aft, fomeTime before the Fird Day ot January in the Year of our Lord One thouland eight hun-drtd and eight, or as foon after as conveniently may be, by John Bell of NrwcaJlle-i'pon-Tyne, Land Surveyor; or in cafe of the Death, Negleft, Rcfufal, or Incapacity, by Sickrtcfs or any other Cauie whatfover, of the iaid John Bell, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, when Occafion Ihall require his Attendance on the Buftnefs of taking and making (och Surveys or Arimeafuremenrs and Plans, then the fame (hall be made and taken by fuch other fit and proper Ferfon, being an expeiienced Surveyor of Lands (r ot beneficially imeieded in the faid Divifion, nor an Agent to any Perfun !o inbrtftcd) a-, the faid Commiflioner or Commiffioners for the Time being {hall, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from l ime to Time nominate and appoint.

VI Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon or Perfons

{ball t e capable of afiing as Surveyor as aforefaid* until he (hall have taken anti l'ubkribed oelore the laid Commiffioners, or one of them, an Oath in the Form following; (that is to fay),

*	T A.B. do (wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honedly, aft ac. ‘ 1 cordiegto the bed of mySkillanclJudgement.inl'urveyingandadmeafur-

*	ing the Common Moor or Waite intended to be divided and inclofed, by 4 virtue of an Aft puffed in the Forty-lCvbnth Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty King Gauge the Third, intituled, {here Jet forth the Title 4 of this sttf\ and in making true Maps or Plans thereof, to belaid before 4 the Comnnfliontrs for putting the laid Aft in Execution.

a	So	help me GOD.*

9

Which

47° GEORGIl III. Seff. 2. Cap. 27.	505

Which Oath the find Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time being, J^"n'°ltb1eed of One of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to admimfler, ‘ when and as ofren as Occafion (hall require, which Oath, and alfo the In-ftrument or Initruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, (hall be refpeftively inrolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof given in the fame Manner, as by the faid Aft and this Aft is direfted concerning the General Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the Surveys or AdmCafurements, charge to be including all necefiary Re-furveys, and all Plans, except the fair Plan upon paidSur-Velhim, herein-after particularly mentioned, and alfo for fetting out the veyjr’ Allotments, attending the Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time

being, and executing fuch other Bufinefs as (hall neceflarily have been done by the faid Surveyor, relative to the faid Divifion, (hall be paid for at and alter the Race of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day in which he (hall have been fo employed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Surveyor (hall, after the Snrveyor to faid Divifion and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to be make oair hereby divided and inclofed lhall be completed, make a fair Plan upon vehum?<rffiiie Vellum of all the faid Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided com non, anti and allotted, whereon refpeftively fhall be truly and dilhinftly delineated, Charge^ fct down, marked, and exprefled, the feveral Matters and 1 hings neceffary or proper to be inferted therein, for the better explaining the Award

of the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time being ; and foe* which fair Plan upon Vellum fuch Sum as the faid Commiflioner or Com-m.iffisners for the Time being (hall think reafonablc, not exceeding the Sum. of Twenty-one Pounds, lhall be paid, and no more.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commlflionefdr Commit' c mmiffion. fioneii for the; Time being, (hall and he or they are hereby required ct> Noik.f'T hi, cau’le a Notice in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to be Fiiitj se-on-i, affixed upon the principal Doors of the Parilh Churches of Warkxcrtb Third and Lejbtiry aforefaid, and alfo to be inferted in Tbi Nfwceijil -upon-Tjne which'arc to Ccurant Newfpaptr, of'the Time and Place of their F.rft, . Second, and beholden at Third Meetings refpeftively, which fhall be holden at Alnwick aforefaid, Alnw“-Ic' lor putting this Aft into Execution, at leaf! Fourteen Days next before

luch rcfptftive Meeting ; and that the faid Commiflioner or Commiffion- power toa(] et sfsr the Time being, lhall and may, after his or their faid Third Meet- joum luch ing, from Time to Time appoint fuch Time and Place for every fubfequent MeetinS*’ Meeting, as he or they lhall think proper, caufmg a Notice in Writing,

Under his or their Hand or Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the Par-ifh Churches of IVarkwcrth and Lejlury aforelaid, Eight Days at lead bcfoie every fuch fubfequent Meeting ; hut the Lid Comtmffiorer Or Commiflioners for the Time b‘ing, at the Fhft, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other fubfequent Meeting or Meetings, (hall have full Power and Authority front 'June to Time, as he or they (hall think it convenient, to continue luch Firiji,. Second, or Third Meeting, or .my other fubhqucm Meeting ot Meetings, by Adjournment from Day to Dav/or in cale of Sunday intervening, then to th^ A'/cB&y'fellbwmg, ftjr the aue Execution of this Aft, without giving any Notice whatfoever of fueft Mooting or Meetings by Adjournment •, apd all the Meetings of the faid \Loc. & Per.j	SM	Commiflioners

5°6

Coirmifilon-er* to tl • i rr-mine DiTerences.

Power to try difputed Chums at Law.

4 7° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 27.'

Commiflioners fhall be held at fome Place within the faid Parifhes, or within Eight Miles of the retpeCtive Boundaries of the faid Parilhcs.

X.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute or D fference flail ha; pen to arife between the Parties that now are or lhall, before the making the Awatd herein-aftcr mentioned, be intereflcd in the hid intended Divifion and Indofure, or any of them, touching or concerning the ref-peftive Shares and Proportions which they or any of them fhall claim in the laid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed as aforelatd, or touching or concerning the relpeftive Shares and Proportions which i hey or any of them ought to have of or in the faid intended Divifion and Indofure, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commif-fioner or Commifliaiers for the Time being, and he and they is and are he tby author zed and required to hear and determine the fame : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize the faid Commifiion-ers to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages, Tythes, Lands, or Hereditaments vvhatloever,

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any perfon or Perfons making any Cla m or Claims to any Lands or He editaments intended to be divided or affefted by this Aft, or any Rights or Interefts therein, or objecting to any fuch Claim or Claims, fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners, or Umpire for the Time being, and (hall be defirous of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefts refpeftively, tried at Law, and the Pcrfon or Peifons fo defirous to have the fame tried at Law fhall and do, by themfelves or their refpeclive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or caufe to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners far the Tune being, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch I) termination fhall have been fo made by the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time being, of which Notice the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time being, is and are hereby required im-meniately on Receipt thereof, or as foon afterwards as conveniently may be done, t,o give Information to the adverfe Party or Parties, or his, her, or their refpeclive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under his or their refpeftive Hands, to be delivered to or left at the ufuaf Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, as aforefaid, then but not afterwards it fhall be lawful for the Pcrfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, their refpeftve Heirs, Succeflbrs, or Afligiis, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Afiizes to be hol-den fqr. the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Aft ion or Aftions for that PurpoFef to be commenced in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas at Wcjlminftcr, by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid," againfl the Loid of the Lid Barony or Manor and Bo cugh of Warkzvorlh, and of the Barony of Alnwick, or any Perfoo or Perfms interfiled in the faid Divifion, who fhall make fuch Objection or Ohjcftions, within Twb Calendar Months next after fuch Notice fhall be given to the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time being as aforefaid; a; d the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Aftions, fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who (hall file Common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Iflue or Iffues, whereby all fuch Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interefts, may be properly tried and determined

507

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 27.

tertr.ined (fuch Iflue or Ifllies to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch Adtion (lull be brought, if the Parties fhail differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdibts which (hall be given in the faid Action or Actions, fhail be final and conclufive to all Perfons whom-ioevtr; and after any Verdict or Verdicts (hall have been obtained, and not let afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioner or Commiffionets for the Time being fhail, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Court in which any Adtion commenced in purfuance of this Aft (hall be depending, upon fufficient Caufe fhewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of fuch Adtion may be thereby exceeded ; but if no fuch Adlion or Adtions at Law fhail be brought or commenced by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice within the Time aforefaid, or if fuch Adlion or Adtions ihall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the Firft Affizes which fhail be holden for the faid County of Northumberland, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving fuch Notice, by or on account of the Neglebt or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in fuch Cafe, the Determination of the Commiflioner or Commiffioners, or Umpire for the Time being, (hall be final, binding, and conclufive unto and upon all Parties whomfoever.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any of the Actions not Patties in any Adtion or Adtions to be brought and profecuted in purfu- Jh/DeattTof ance of this Adt, Ihall die pending the fame, fuch Adtion or Adtions fhail Partiei. not abate by reafon thereof, but Ihall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event

had happened.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the faid Com- Commifllon-miflioner or Commiffioners for the Time being fhail, and he and they is

and are hereby empowered, at his or their Difcretion, upon Requeft ° s" made to him or them by all or any of the Parties in whofe Favour they fhail make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge fuch Cofts and Charges as he or they (hall think reafonable, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Party or Parries, upon or againfl the Perfon or Perlons vvhofc Claim ir Claims, Ohjedtion or Objedtions, Complaint or Complaints, fhail be thereby difallowed, as the Cafe fhail happen, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the faid Commiflioner or Commiffioners for the Time being, to levy fuch Cofts and Charges by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch laft-mtntioned Perfon or Persons, together with the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and in cafe there fhail be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the fame, or in cafe a Body Corporate is to pay fuch Cofts, then and in either of fuch Calcs, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Cofts fhail be awarded, to recover the fame by Adtion or Adtions of Debt, or on the Cafe, in which it (hall be fufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum fpecified in the Order of Adjudication made by the faid Commiflioner or Commiffioners for the 1 ime being, and in confequence of fuch Order of Adjudication, without feumg forth any other Proceedings therein had.

XIV.	And, for the preventing allDifputes and Differences which may Commiffion. ariie touching the Repairs of the public Highways and Roads which fo*11 d«e*»

ffiail "“ctowha.

go8	47°GEORGII	III.	Se0i 2. Cap. 27.

Tow fhipj	fee	opt	and appointed in purfuance of this Aft, or of the f.iid Aft

belong.61111 r^e Forty-firft Year aforefaid •, be it further enacted, That the laid Cosn-miffioner or Commiffioners for the Time being (half, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Paris of the laid Highways and Roads, fo to be fet out and appointed, (hall or do belong to any Tovvnfhips or Qoarteis relpeftively; and the faid Commiffiontr or Commiffioners for the Time being (hall, in and by his or their General Award, order and direct by what Townfliips or Quarters refpeftiveiy fuch Highways and Roads (hall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair ; and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being in each of fuch Townfhips or Quarters refpeftiveiy, fhall, (rum and after the Execution of the General Award of the faid Cornm.ffioner or Commiffioners for the Time being, maintain, amend, anti keep fuch ref-peftive public Highways and Roads in Repair, as fhall be fo determined and adjudged to belong to fuch Townfliips or Quarters relpeftivtly, in the fame Manner as ancient and common public Highways and Roads arc by Law to be amended and kept in Rtp.fr.

. hi.ii:	.	j	,	•.	V	0	!■	...	--.Vj;

Allotment of XV, And be it further enaftfd, That the faid Commiflmer or Com-one-fi»iffiith miffioners for the Time being fhall, and he or they .is and aie hereby ro-quired in the next.Ptao- to fet out, a licit, and appoint uritu iJ)e fnd thigh Hugh Duke D ,ke of Northumberland (as Lo;d cf the Barony, or Manor and Borough Vo hunbt' ^ War.teworth-, and of the Barony cf Alnwick as aforefaid,) dt to lufti Ptr-fun or Peifons as fhall then be entitle 1 to the laid Baronies or Manors, hir, ri tn ’.or her, or their Heirs and Affigns One full Six eenth Part in Value, Quality, '"f	1,01 ‘ Quality, and Situation confidcred, of, tire Lpd Common Moor or W^fte

fo to be divided and allotted (after deducting the public Carriage Roads, Drains, Watercourfes, and Quarries) in lieu of, and as a full Compenfa---	tioO and Satisfaction for his, her, or thtu: Right and Inrcreft to the Soil

*	of the faid. Common Moor or Wafte fo to be divided and allotted, and alio

~ for his Content to the laid Divifion and Inclofure thereof, over and above and exclnfive of inch: Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments, of the faid Common Moor or Traft of Wafte Ground, as fhall be affigned and allotted to him, her, or them, in refpsft of his leveral Meffuagcs, Lands, Tenements* and-Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the laid : Common Moor or Traci: of Wafte Ground.

Tiie i.oriis XVI. And be it further enafted, That fuch Part of the faid One-fixteentb Part or Share of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, when and fo lia ony or foorvas.the fame fliali be affigned, fet out, allotted, and appointed as afare-fnTc’hT^wn- fold,-(hall, be and be deemed fart and Parcel of the faid Barony, or Manor ihius ”rQuar . anti Borough of IVarkwm th, as the faid Commiflioner or Commiffioners c 'm oiff.on *Qr tke Time being lhall appoint •, and that the Remainder thereof fhall be eii"rt™u 'ap" and be deemed Bart and.Parcel of the Barony of Alnwick ; and that from point	and inJmteliatel)f- after, the Execution and Inrolment of the General Award

of the fajd Qommifflonsr or Commiffioners for the Time being, of the faid One-fixteenth Part or Share, fhall be and the fame is hereby declared and enaftpd to be and lie within, and fhall be deemed and taken as.Part and . Parcel of fuch Townifeips, Quarters, or Places, as the faid Coramrffioner or Commiffioners for the Time bring, (hail appoint and award the fame to lie in as aforefaid, to and for all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

14

XVII. And

47° GEORGII III. Self, a.' Cap.27.'

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioner or Com-miftioners for the Time being (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required in the next Place to fet out, divide, affign, allot, and appoint the Refidue of the laid Common Moor or Wade, after the faid fcveral Allotments herein-beforedirected to be made as aforefaid, (hall have been made and fet out accordingly, unto and amongft the faid Hu^b Duke of Northumberland, 'Thomas Bu/lon, and the fcveral Perfons relpeftively for their Eftates, having Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Waite, refpeftively, in Proportion and according to the ref-peftive Values of their fevrral Mefluages, I.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpedt whereof they aie lo entitled thereto relpe&ively as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further rnafted. That in cafe the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments by this A&. authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, (hall hold their relpeetive Lands or Hereditaments for different Eltares or under different Titles, the faid Commiffioner or Commiflioners for the Time being, (hall afcertain and diftinguilh the Lands or other Hereditaments held for each of fuch Titles refpectively, and (ball alfo fet out and diftinguilh the different Allotments or other Hereditaments, to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in refpect of each of them -, and the faid Commiffioner or Commil-fioners for the Time being (hall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized ar.d required to fet forth and declare, in and by his or their faid General Award, in the Right of what Eftates in particular fuch Allotments fhall have been refpedlively made, and therein alfo leparately defciibe and afcertain the Situation of every fuch Allotment.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fcveral Allotments of the (aid Common Moor or Wafte to be afligned, fet out, allotted, and appointed by the faid Commiflioners as afoielaid, in refpett ofany MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon as aforefaid, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Townlbip, Quarter or Place, Townlhips, Quarters or Places refpeftively, and within the fame Barony or Manor wherein the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie or are fituate, in refpeft of which fuch Allotment* (hall be refpectively made.

XX.	Provided always, and be it Further enafled, That all Allotments to be fet out and made by virtue of this Act, in refpect of any Property granted or demifed, or held by any Leafes or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at Rack Rent, fhall be allotted to the relpective Leffors or Owners of fuch Property, and (hall beheld and enjoyed by them refpectively, free from all Right, Title, and Intereft of their refpeciive Leffors or Tenants, by virtue of or under luch Leafes or Agreements ; and fuch rtfpective Leffors or Owners (hall make luch Abatements of the Rents referved or made payable by fuch Leafes or Agreements refpectively, for and on account of their taking fuch Allotments. as the faid Commiffioner or Comnufiioners for the Time being fhall adjudge and determine to bejuft and reatonable, and fhall, in and by his or their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, alcer-rain, direct, and appoint.

[Lot. & Per.]	6N	XXI. And

509

Allotment of the Refidue of the Coca* mon.

Difiinft Allotments to he nude for Lands holdeii by different Titles or for different Eftattf.

Aflotnrents he in the fame To*nfhips as the ancient Lands.

Allotments for Property grantee I by Leafes at Rack Rent to be fet out to the Leffors.

5io

Allotments of that may happen to be fold, may on Re-queft he allotted to the Pur-chafers by the General Award*

Exchanges.

470 GEORG II III. Seir.2; Cap. 27.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons entitled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotment; cf the laid Common Moor or Wade, (hall, by any Wiiting under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the laid Commiflioner or CommnTioners for the Time being, at any of his or their Meetings previoufly to his or their preparing a Draft of his or their General Award, fignify and declare that he, llie, or they hath or have fold and difpolcd of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments to ary Perfon or Perfons to be named and deferibrd in fuch Writing, and (hall deiire the fame to be fit out, allotted, and appointed to tbePcrlonor Per for. s fo purchafmg the fame, the laid Commiflioner or Commtflioners for the Time being, in every luch Cafe flail, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to let out, allot, and appoint the laid Allotment or Allotments of the Perfon or Pcfons who (hall have fo given Notice of their having fold ,.nd difpolcd thereof, 'o the Perfou or Pctfons mentioned in luch Noiice to be the Purchaicr orPurdvfirs o I fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tne laid Allotment or Allotments fo fold and difpolcd of, lhall in every fuch Cafe, from ard after ihe Execution of the Paid General Award of the faid Commiflioner or Cumnnfih ners for the Time being, become and the fame is and a'e hereby declared to be veiled in and fettled upon the Pcrlon or Pcrions to whom the fame fh.tll have been by fjuch Notice or Writing as aforelaid, fo fignified and declared to have been fo (old as aforefaid, and his, her, or tfltir Hrirs.Exccuton, Admini* ftrators, and Afligns, to all Intents and Pu'rpofes whatfoever.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful h r the laid Commiflioner or Commiflioners for the Time be mg, to let out, aflign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be di-viJed and alloted, or any Mrfluages, Buddings, inclofeci Lands or Grounds or other Hereditaments in the Panfnescf Warkvjoriband Lejbwy aforrfaid, or either of them, in heu of and in exchange lor ary other Mcfluagcs, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments in the fame Pariflaes or. either of them, lb that tvery luch Exchanges he fet forth and afeertained by the General Award of the Lid Commiflioner or Commiflioners f r the Time being, and alio he made with the Confcnt < f ihe refpcflne Propiietors or Pei Ions feiied or entultd in Pdf flion, of or to the Hereditaments l’o to be exchanged, lor any Liicor Lives, or for lomc Eflate of Inheritance, orefthe Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Comnutiees, or Attornics, of any Inch Proprietors who fhall at the Tune of making uch Exchanges be Femes Covert, In-lari'. Lunatics, Peifons beymo the Seas, or under anv other lrgal Disability or Ircapac.ty of afting lor thc'mfrlve', luch Confcnt to be refpec-tivtly fignified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the contenting Partus ; ar.d every Exihange lo made ..nd detlared, fhall be for ever good, valid, and efFcQual in Law, and the refpeftive Land* or Hereditaments io to be txchangtd, fhall go and remain to the fame Perfon or Perfon-, and to, for, and upon the fame Ufis, Elhatrs, Trulls, Intents, and Putpolts, and be fubjedt to the fame Powers, C mditions. Covenants and Agreement', as the Lands or II redilaments, in rcfpefl whereof the fame (kali be exchanged, would have gone and remained, and have been fubjecl or liable to, in cafe the Exchange thereof had not been made: Provided ncverthelefs, that no Exchange Hull be made of any Linds, Tenements, ot Heredi.aments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecc!ef:.di cal Benefice, without the Confear, teftified as aforelaid, of the P..tron cheieof, and of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which

47° GEO RGII Iir. SefT.2. Cap. 27.'	5	rr

fitch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall be

fituatr.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe it Owner» to (hail happen that any of the Proprietors of ancient Freehold Meffuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Heieditaments, fhall exchange any of their an- their r.ncient ci-nt Freehold Meffuages, Lands, Tencniencs, or Hereditaments, for any	ich"

Allotment or Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Waite, then and may be give* in fuch Cafes the Proprietors of fuch ancient Freehold Meffuages, Lands, jrlrE^ci^'nge, Tettentents, or Heieditaments fo exchanged as aforefaid, their refpeftive 01 Common" * Hrirs and Affigns, (hall from Time to Time and at all Times for ever P'yng Da-thereafter, have, hold, and enjoy ail and all Manner of Mines, Minerals, spolfoiT ar d Quarries whatfoever, lying, being, and remaining within and under Ground, the faid ancient Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heieditaments fo to be givtn in exchange, and all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof refpeefively, in as lull, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as they and every of them could or might, or ought to have held c.r enjoyed, or were entitled to have held or enj >yed fuch Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Libeities, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities aforefaid refpcftivclv, in calc this Aft had not been made, or in calc fuch ancient Meffuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments had not been given in exchange for fuch Allotment or Allotments, making reafonable Satisfaftion for Damage and Spoil of Ground to be occafioncd thereby.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaftid, That in all Cafes of fuch Exchang< sof ancient Freehold Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotmei t or Allotments as aforefaid, ali and every the Mints, Minerals, and Quarries lying and being within and under the laid Allotment or Allotments fo to be given in Exchange, (hall remain the Property of, ar.d be held and enjoyed by the fa:d Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the L< rd or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Ba. ronies and Manors fur the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs, Sue-ceffors, and Affigns, with all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Autho rmes for winning, working, leading, laying Kail or Waggon Ways, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof relptftively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if luch Ex-change.or Exchanges had not been made.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That all Notices which by this Aft, Noiic«siobe or the faid Aft of the Forty-firft Year of the prclent Keign, are re- fhe^Newca’al* quired to be given or publ fhrd in fume publick Newfpaper, of fetting out Courant. publiik Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commifiioner or Commifiioners for the Time being, and of any other Aft,

Matter, or 1 hlng, (lull be inlcrted in tire- Nswcajiie-upon-Tyne Courant, or if that Newlpapyr fhall not tjien be publtfhcd, then tit lome other Newf-naper or Newfpapers ufually circulated in the County of Northumberland.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the General Award to be made Award to be by the Lid Commifiioner or Commifiioners for the Time being purluant

to with the Clerk of the Pta.e.

St 2

Copi s of Plans ro he <1 .livrred on a rea(enable Sum hems; paid for the lame to the Clerk of the Peace.

Commiffion-ers nwy execute Duplicates of rhe Awuui for Perfons requiring and paying for the fame.

47* GE ORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 27.

to the Diredlions of the faid Adi of the Forty-firft Year of the prefent

Reign, and this Adi, fhall be inrolled with the Cleik of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, and the faid original General Award, and fucli Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, fliall be lodged and depofited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for t^e faid County of Northumberland to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Stflions cf the Peace there, to the End that Recourfe may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons intereflcd in the faid Divifion ; which faid Award and Plans, and every other Award and Inftrumenc to be lodged with the faid Award, fhall and may be infpefted at all feafonable Times, upon reafon-ab!e Notice of the Party requiring fuch I.ifpettion.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Clerk of thePeace for the faid County of Northumberland, fh -.11 be tequirtd to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of any of the Plans annexed to the faid General Award, depofited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, a reafonable Paymtnr, not exceeding Two Guineas, fhall be made to him over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and for the Copy or Copies of the faid Award and Inflrumrnts, or any Parts thereof, for a Copy or Copies of fuch Plans, or any Part thereof refpeflively ; and in cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between the faid Clerk of the Peace, and the Perfon or Perfons requeflin^ a Copy or Copies of fuch Plans, or any Part thereof rrfpectively, touching fuch Allowance, then and in fucli Cafe the fame fhsll be fettled and afeertained by the Juflices of thePeace for the faid County of Northumberland, in General Quarter Srffion affembled, or by the major Part or them and the fame being fo fettled and altei tainetl, fhall be final and conclufiveto the laid Patties.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, Tnar the faid Commiffioner of Commiffioners for the Time bein,; fhall, at the Requefl, Cofls, aod Coarges of anv Perfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or otherwife interfiled therein, at any Time before the depofiting the laid Award, make and execute a Cop. or Copies of rhe faid Award, Plan', and Surveys, or any of them, tor the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons requefting the lame ; and fuch Copy or Copies fhall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in ail Courts what-foever.

AHo'ments to XXIX. And be it further enabled. That all and every Allotment and textile ia.ne Allotments of Lands and Grounds which fliall be made, let out, or ap-T.- iuuts as the pointed in purluance of this Adi, fliall be held by the fame Tenure, and ■ncici.i *>«.«. ^a|| fabje# to the fame yearly a id other Kents and Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services, as the feveral and rr-fpedtive Meffuages, Land', Tenements, and Hereditaments, inrefpedlof which the faid feveral Allotments or Parcels of Ground fliall be fo fet out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden refpedtiv.-lv; and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Lidies of the faid Barony, or Manor and Borough of Warkwortb, and Barony of Alnwick, his, her, and their H efrs and Afligns rrfpeftively for the True being, fliall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the fam-'iefpedlively, as they could or might have had in refpedt of filch Mef-

fuages,

47° GEORG 11 III. Scff.2. Cap.27.	5*3

fusges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the palling of this Aft; but the fa id feveral and relpeftive Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft of which the laid fever.il Allotments or Parcels of Ground (hall be fo fet out and allotted, and the Allotments made in refpeft thereof, lhall not, nor any of them, be fubjeft to any new or ircreafed yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs. Fines, Dues,

Duties, Suits, or Services whatfocver, to the Lord of the laid Barony, or Manor and Borough of IFarkivortb, and Barony of Alnwick, his Heirs and Afligns.

XXX.	Provided, always, and be it further enaftcd and declared, not (0

That nothing in this Aft contained lira'll extend, or be ronflrued, deemed, zHVfl wiiu, or adjudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement, Deed,	‘

Will or Leafe whatsoever, or to piejudicc airy Perfon or Perlons whomfo- to the iam« ever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, ufc’’

Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon or affefting any

of the Mcffuages, Lands, Tenement', Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof any Allotment of the faid Common Moor or Walle (hall be made by virtue of this Aft; but that the feveral Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, which lhall be afligned or allotted upon the faid Divifion, to the feveral Proprietors refpcftively, fhall immediately after the Execut on of the General Award of the faid Commiffioner or Commifiioncrs for the Time being, be vefted in, and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the levcral Perlons, Bodies Politick and Co porate, to whom the fame lhall be afligned or allotted re-fptftivrly, and they fliall from thenceforth (land and be feifed and pofltf* fed ib'-reof refpi ftively, to, for, ard upon fuch and the fame Ul'cs, Ei-farrs, Intrrefts, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofcs, and fubjeft and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, EWates, Conditions, Settlements, Provi-Jors, Remainders, Revtiflons, Lc-afes, Debts, Charges, and Incum-brances of every Kind, as the feveral Hereditaments in refpeft whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fliall be refpeftively aiTigned or .allotted, would have Hood feverally limited or fetried to or vpt.n, or have been feverally fubjeft and liable to, if fuch Allotments treieof had not been made or this Aft hid not been palled, except as to luch Leales and Agreements ac Rack Rent as lhall be determined under this Aft.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That where the Proprietor or Pro- i„ c*fr« yrietorsof any Lands or Hereditaments which fnail be divided or allotted “here Luid* by vmueof this Aft, fliall hold their refpeftive Lands and Hereditaments b^'different'* for different fcltatesor under different Titles, and where from the Want Titles &c. and of the nectfl'aiy Information before the Lid Commiffioner or Commiffion- fionmlfcJu" ers tor the l ime being, or from any other Caufe, his or their Award fliall not havedif-have omitted the d.ftiriguilhing and alceiuining of (he Lands or other filth Lands Heieditatr.ents holden for each of fuch El tales, and under each of fuch and aw."d!d Titles relpecWly, and the letting < ut and awarding of feveral and dillinCt w^hm'ocnc-Allotments lor lush relp-ftivr Lands or ether Hereditaments as herein- ra'i Award)*' before is requited} and afttr the making of the Ian Award, Requefl (ball thf>' nu/ on

I e made to the f id C oauriflioner or Commiffiorcis for the Time being, 110 by any PeTon or Tedo sintereffed, by Writ.ng under Ins or their Hands* to have tueli On iflion, fupplied bv a lepara'e Inffiument/thcn and m [Loc. y Per.] '	6	0	every

514	4-7°	GEORGII III. Seri* 2. Cap.2ji

evc-iy fuch Cafe the faid Comniifiioner or Co mtnifli oners for the Time being, is and are hereby authorized to do every Thing necefiary for fupply. mg fuch Omiffion, and l'o far as that Purpoie (hall require to examine Witnefie;, anti in every other Relied to proceed and ad a-, if the Award had not been made ; and when they (hall have obtained what they HiAl think lufficienr Information, are hereby alio authorized, by any Deed under their Hand, and Seals, to diftingailh and alcertain the Difference of Tenure, Eftates, and Titles icfptftive.y, an 1 accordingly to make diftinft and leveral Allotments, in the fame Manner as is hereby required where fuch Difcrimioation (hould be contained in the fa d Award; and every fuch feparace 1 n ll rumen t (hall be i trolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof dull be given in the fame Manner, as by the faid Ad of the Forty-fir ft Year of His prefent Majedy and this Ad, or cither of them relpec-tivciy, is directed concerning the faid General Award of the f.i d Com-miffiotK-r or Commifiiuners for tx Time ueing ; and ail Expences which finali be reafonably incurred in or about any fuch feparate luftrument as aforefaid, final! be payable by tire Pei fun or Pc.funs who (hall have io re-qutfted the faid Commifiiontr or Cpmrnifltanert for the Time being, to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Admi-niitrators; and e-ery fuch fepam e Ir.itrument (hall, from and inamed arely after tire due Execution thereof by the laid Commiffioner or Comm flian-ers for the Time bring, h .ve the lame Efted, to all Intents and Purpo.es, as if the Contents thereof had'been inferred and contained in their laid G> n al Aw rd, and the fame fhail, after luch Lirolment as aforef id, be delivered to rhe l'e ion or P,ifons upon whole Kequcft any fuch G niffion fhail have b en fo lupplied, or to the Ptrfon or Perfons to wh nq the Cuftody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Ti le of the P.rmifcs in qucftion (hall, in the Opinion of the. faid Commifiioner or Commiiiion' ers for the Time being, mull properly belong.

Allotments to XXXII. And be i further enacted, That the faid feveral Allotments to

K- fenceiL. he made by vnue of this Act, lhall be incloled, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by and at the Expence of fuch rifpedtive Proprietor , :n fuch Manner and within fuch fun-, an i (hall be horn chenceftirh kept in Repair in fuch Pr portions as the laid Commifiioner or Commiffioncrs f r the Time being (hall, in his <r their General Aw *rd, order and cireft, except only fuch Allotments the inclofing and fencing whereof ..;e othcr-wie particularly directed and provided lor by this Aft.

Fxpenccs of XXXill. And be it further enafted, That the Charges and Exper.ces

tlfe Diviil .n of foliciiing, obtaining, and palling this Aft, and of furveying, pla .r.ing,

ibe>Pntic»l>5r an<^ m af jnng, dividing, and a lotting the fa'd Common Moor or Wade, and of making Highways or Roods, and if a l other tire Charg-s and Expences incidrnt toorattending theExecution of this Aft, asare not herein otherwise cii tfted to be paid, (hall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the fcveial and refp.ftive Perlons to whom any Allotrn nr or Allotments oft he ftid Common Moor or Wafts lhall be re'p ctiveiy mule, hi-, her, or then* H irs, Succ ff.rs. Executors, Adminiftrat irt, and Aligns in p oportion to the real Value oi their refpeftive Allotments, 10 be lettitd a id alee tained by the fait: Commifiioner or Commiftioners for the Time oetng ; and the fevt ral and reipe cl ve Shares and Pr oportions o( all fuch Fee1, Payments, Charges, and Expences as afo e.'aid, (lull be payable and paid by fuch Gwneis and Proprietors relpeftivriy, to fuch Perfon or Perl n--; and at fuch

£	Tune

47° GEORG 11 III. Sefi'. 2. Cap. 27.	51^

Time cr Times, as Ihail by the laid Comnvffioner or C' mmiffioner< for the Time being, either before or after toe Execution of his or their General Award as atoreteid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands relpcftively, Twenty Days before the 'lime appointed for fuch Payment.

XXXIV.	And be it futther enafted, That from and after thepaffrg No Tc.-vesor of thisAft.it fhall not be lawful tor any I'eifon or Ptrlbns, other th n and Sodetobecu;* except the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony or Manor

and Borough of War,kwcrtb, and Barony of Alnwick, for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Affigns, and the Commiffioner or Commiffion-ers for the Time being far carrying this Aft into Execution, to cut, (jig, or carry away any Turves or Sods in, upon, or from off the laid Common Moor or Waffe, or any Part thereof, until the fame (hall be allotted and Jet cut as aforefaid, upon Pain of f irfciting, lor every fuch Offence, to the Lid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or to the Lor i or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the laid B irony or Manor and Borough of Warkwortb, ana Barony of Alnwick, for the Time being, his, her, or their Heirs or Affigns, fuch Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings, as fhall be affeffed in the Nature of an Amerciament, at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the faid Barony or Manor and Borough of IVarkworth, or for the laid Barony of Alnwick, the fame to beaffeered by the Affcerers then and there lworn, ar.d w ich Amerciament cr Amerciaments when fo affemd, (ball be levied by D ftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, bv virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Baronies or M mm and Borough, or either of them, to be direfted fo: that Purpofe by the Steward of the Courc of the faid Baronies or Manor and Borough ; and the Money arifing fom all fuch Amerciaments, lhall be paid 10 the Commiffioner or Corrimiffioncn for the Time being, afting under the Authority ot this Aft, and fhall be applied towards defraying the Expenccs of carrying this Aft into Execution.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioner or Commi/ri0n C. immiffioners tor ihe Time being, lhall at all and eveiy of his or their erstopay

A tendances or Meetings for putting this Aft into Execution, bear and	£»

pay his or their own Lxpences; ar.d that when and as foon as the laid 1>c"cu' imended D vifidn and other Purpoles of this Aft lhall be finifhed and completed, and the faid Commiffioner or Commiflioners for the Time being lhall have executed his or their laid General Award, the faid Commiffioner or Commiffioners lor the Time being (hall be paid and allowed, each of them, the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, for each and every Day upon which he or they refpeftively (hall have attended a Meeting, and tranlacted Bufincfs in or for putting this Aft into Execution.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioner or commiffion-C mnmii mers for the Time being (hall, anti he and they is and are hereby en to account, refpeftively required to keep or cuufe to be kept a juft and true Statement

anti A count ot all S ’ms of Money which lhall be railed or received, and laid out or expended by him or them, or by Ivs or their Order, or for his or :heir Ufr, under <r by virtue or in the Execution of this Aft, and of what fhall be due or owing to him or ihem for his or their own Trouble or Expences; and (hall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of fuch Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe; and

fuch

516

Money wlvch may be advanced for obtaining or executing this Act to 1*e r-paid in t!»e firit P ace with lute reft.

Poorer to

Appeal.

470 GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 27.

fyeh Accounts fhill be at lead once in every Year from the leading of tfti* Aft, (ill fuch Accounts (hall be-finaily allowed, together with the Voucher* relating to the fame, examined and lettled by Robert Hopper IViIluwfen, fat the Town and County or Neivcaftle-upon-Tyne, Efcjuire, vnu is hereby appointed Auditor tor that Purpof-; and in cafe of his Death or kefulal to act, by fuch other fir and proper P.-rion as final I be appointed Auditor in his Stead, by ri.e Majority in Value of the faiu Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is herein before directed with rrfpeft to the Meet, i.ngof thefaid Proprietors, for the Purpole cf appointing a Commiflioner, and fuch Auditor for the Time being, (hall from Time to I inie flare, in Writing under his Hand, the Balance of the Lid Accounts in fuch Book as aforefaid ; and that no Charge or Item in luch Accounts fhall be bind-ing on the Parties concerned oi be valid in Law, unlcfs the fame fhall be duly allowed bv fuch Auditor, and alfo that fuch Book of Accounts fhall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the laid Commiflioner or Commiffion-rrs for the Time being, and fhall be open to the inipcebon of any of the laid Proprietors or their Agents, a: all reafonable Times, during the Progress of the laid Divifion and Inclofcre, ai d until the faid Accounts fhall have been finally fettled and allowed ; and in cafe the fud Commiflioner or Comm IE meis for the Time being, or his or their Clerk, ftiafl icfuie or negleft lo to do, the Ci-mm ffioncr or CoinrrJffi ners tor the 1 nr.c being, or Clerk refpt ftively, fo refuling or neghftmg, (bah, tor every Inch Refills! or Negbft, forfeit ar.d pay to any Pcrfon who llrail fue for the fame, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of Hi' M.jcfly’s Courts of Record as WeJlmi'Jler, by Ad;ion of Debt or on the Cafe.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if a y of the Pctfons who have Right of Common in or upon the laid Comm n Moor or Wafte, or any other Perion or Pcrfon , fh,ill advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purp jfe of defraying the Expcnc-S of applying for and obtaining this Aft, and of carrying the fame imo Execution, all iuch Per-fons (hAl be fuliv repaid the f'.nic, together with Intcrcft thereon after die R te of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the fi ft Muncy which fhall be rail'd for the Purpcfes of tl.is Act, fuen Intercft to be computed from the Time or rrfpeetivr Times of advancing or paying the laid Sum or Sums ot Money, to the Time or refpective Tunes of the Re-pay meat thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Pcrfon or Perfons Avail think himfclf, herfelf, or thcmfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, other than and txccpt Rich Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-betore direfted or authorized to be afccuained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdift of a Juiy, or whereby any of the Provifions of the Rid Aft of the IA r y-fiift Year of the prelent Reign, or of this Aft, the Determinations, Afts, or Pioceedings of the laid Corn-miffioner or Comm.ffioners for the Time beir.g, arc direfted to be final or conclufive, he, (he, or they may appeal to any General Quaitcr Seffiuns, of the Peace which fha'l be hidden for the Counts -of Northumberland, within Six Cairn; ar Months next after the Caufeot Complain, shall have arifen, giving Notice in Writing of -evey fuch Appeal, by affixing luch Notice, expreffing the C 'ule of Complaint, upon tnc principal Doors of the Parilh Churches of IVarkvoortb and LJbury a'ordaid. Pen Days at lead before fuch General Quarter SelHon.; and the Juiiices ot the Peace

aflcmbled

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Gap. if.	517

aflembled at fuch General Quarter Seflions, or at any fub'Vquent General Quarter Seffions to which the faid Juftices (hall adjourn any fuch Appeal, either for want of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, or for any other Caule which to the laid Juftices lhall leeni a fufficient Caufe to adjourn fuch Appeal, are hereby authorized to hear and detei mine, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Cofts, as Co them in their Difcecion (hall fcem reafunable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Cofts which fhall be fo awarded, by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of luch Goods and Chattels, after deducting toe realonable Charges of every luch Diftrels and Sale •, tnd every O d;r and Determination of the faid Juftices upon eVeiy fuch Appeal, lhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed or re. moveable by Certiorari, or any other Procefs or Writ whaifoever, into any of His Majetty’s Courts of Record at Wjlminjier, or elfewftere.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafled, That it fhall be Own^rtof lawful for the rrfpedive Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of may g« Free, the feveral Lands allotted in purfuance of this A"£f, to win, get, and woik none, therein Freeftones, Whinftones, and Limeftones f t the Ufc of die Grounds lo to be allotted to them, and alfo Freeftones and Whinftones for the Ufe of the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Walls, Fences, and Hereditaments, in rclpeft of which luch Allotments lhall be made, but for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid refpe&ive Owners and Proprietors of rhe faid leveral allotted Lands, to dig and get Ciay for Bricks or for Tiles, or any other Ufe or Porpofes whatfoever, lo as the lame he ufed for the Lark s or Grounds fo to be allotted, and the Linds, Tenement?, and He:	la-

ments in refpedt whereof the fame fhall be made, and not for Sale or any other Purpofe whatfoever.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this •This Aft not Aft fhall be conftrued to defeat, leffen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and Intereft of the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Hi s, Sue- Man-wTo t-he ceffors, and Affigns, as Lord of the laid Barony or Manor and Bo- RWtici, fee-rough of IVarkwonb, and Barony of Alnwick, of, in, and to the Mines,

Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind loever, ly ing and oc ing within or under the faid Common Moor or Waite hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, and alfo of, in, and to all Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the faid Baronies or Manor and Borough ; but that the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, SuccelTors, ana *

Affigns, and all and every other Perlon or Perfuns claming by, under, or in Truftfor him, her, or them, as Lord of the laid Baronies o-. Manor and Borough, and all fucceeding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladi.s of the faid Baronies or Manor and Borough for the 1 ime being, lhall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Does, Cuf. toms, Suits and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, C urts, Courts Leet and Views of Frank Pledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Pci-quifltes of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Couus Leet and Views of Frank Pledge, and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, with ILoc.VPcr.j	6 P W Fkc

$i8	47®	GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. ij.

Free Warren, and Liberty of Hawking, Hunting, Fifhing, and Fowling, within and throughout the faid Baronies or Manor and Borough, and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themfelves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Trea-lure Trove, Waifs, Forfeitures, Eftrays, Elcheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Cuftoms, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchifes, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emo* luments, Hereditaments, Matrers, and Things whatfoever, to the taid Baronies or Manor and Borough, or to the Lord thereof for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the faid Common Moor or Wade, and iuch ConW mon Right thereon refpedively as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compenfation is herein-before direded to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as they could or might have held or enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the faid Hi>gb Duke of Northumberland, and all fucceeding Lord ®r Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Barony or Manoi and Borougi of IVarkwortb, and Barony of Alnwick, or his Tenants, Lefiees, t.r AJi ns, Ihall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, h Id, win, work, and enjoy exclufivtly all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries of what Nature or Kind foever (fave and except the laid publick Quarries* and fuel) other Frteflone, Whmftone, and Limeftone, as af relaid) within and under the faid Common Moor or Wafte hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof refpedively, and the feveral Allotments thereof in purfuance of this Act, together with all convenient and nectflary Ways and Wayleaves, and alfu Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, over, and along the fame or any Part thereof, and alfo for fearching for, winning, and working the faid Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones, FofTils, and ocher Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, or Collieries belonging to the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Succefibrs, or Afligns, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourfes, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the lame, and of ereding, building, and ufing Houfes, Dtawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Mills, and other Eredions and Buildings, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and cairying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Plealure, and to do, execute, and perform all fuch other Works, Ads, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in ufe or hereafter to be invented, as (hall or may be neceflary or convenient for the full and complete working, Ufe, and Enjoyment of fuch Mines, Minerals, and Quarries hereby referved, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents, and Purpofes, as they might or could have done in cafe this Ad had not been made.

For making XLI. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Hugh Duke of

comp-niation Northumberland, Lord of the faid Baronies or Manors, his Heirs or Afligns, working'5 or any Perlon orPerfons claiming under him or them, final/, after fuch

Mints. Inclofures or Allotments made as aforefaid. fearch for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclofures to be made as afordaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any fuch Mines, Minerals, and Quarries,

then

5i9

47° GEORGII HI. Seff.2. Cap.27.

then and in fuch Cafe the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, Lord of the faid Baroni-s or Manors, his Heirs or Afligns, or fuch. Perfun or Perfons fo claiming under him or them, (hall make a reafonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occafioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houles, Drawkilns, Ereftions, Buildings, Fire Engines, or other Engines, Mills, or other Ereftions, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials, thereof as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be in Pofieflion of fuch Ground at the Time or Tunes of fuch Damage or Spoil.

XLII. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs Genera] and Succefiors.’and all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies 's' Politick andCorporate,his, her, and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, and Ad miniftrators (other than and except the faidf/afi Duke of Northumberland, and the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land fliall be made or provided by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of the Intereft or Property for which fuch Allotment or Allotments fliall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns) all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, and Interefts, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the faid Common Moor or Wafte hereby direfted to be divided 2nd allotted, before the pafling of this Aft, or could or might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XLIII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fliall be printed by the Thii Aft to Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed br P'";t<!d ar<t (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, juftices, and others. Since.'0 Ev'*

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, 1807.

Of/m^y Ol/Pr:

:iA'

jiv: n;‘woHo

>a

:; .f !*> KU

$ rVj i»* ***#	'••*«#.	«**»■«-m* , :

v. - |o . i;.... |	gtuiulmi	7oi &A aA

lo tfnuoD -sib ni -A^tnO brur

. :	..*	.«oW^»V

hui	•	.ifliw • ...•-,’)« m »><;•> :A3JISHY «

aldsnoninpfj itiHio hnt ,enori;.	1 ivobcaM .aLbi'i nsqO

,»••.	*»r.

fttfioiu v« ,aniotl1f..n;ii :: 10 <-.s .	..	ins	,	„ . 7,-1 auO-rl*7 r h

tm u,‘i*	D!!.'	*f ft ■• ••	>( '	■-	...'1© Ji**! Hi!'ni

i •.. .' ( - rhfl ‘f ^'Hii. f> ■;	'	’	'• '-irJw

jdi m ,t iiv/ bnA 7Uiw> i: J-.1& bu: r s* nid':i* ateuitt m

4 ^1*4*0 iv .1 lid ,7V...'.	.	...	^ ©Id&v:

1C	iwJD	pimipO btisefa^ «dt ,©7tt-pi‘? v»\WR -wtetK

LiV)W»Jl M > vApX S;i- ., • ;ntD to ... iv&iY bwifttJ sift i®

s.-: *1 wtb «'Js ban r t 'D ^v>U 7J1 vV- * A\ t- ttswv.i sJ? ,ifi»D

• ' i'•	•	uvUlfi	,-vv^i 4tli|A

fcn' liUT^.	i in■	.*»	O iid is . -•£>

r,« i ' -	-	-	-	. i siKr'qovrrr. »rfl

trf*	fu&	■	.j ti -v! bihia .-	• :w uiof wtJ^T

»tt t\i A*\)

t:\ ■ vl? Mil bsu ,



iO :7 j .tutu 'V - -Vf»

piisrt M -»'•' iJibiwr ,.; Ti

V, £ '© -■ a	L

77i \m*xS boso^S ad: ; <-»

jiii £ ^i.ife KitO ©,.;j o? j» tiafc

7'	•	...*•	-• -A ' .v--	-	■	•

i'kuji	Jji	^

b	>t laahiryfl

-no ’u •' sdi ic tnoiafll i ttsfOv$f\ rnwS. ,i©M»di ij-ri oi «i»>trfta^moO • :J 3v":	«*.•	i>.	;	.	-.

• • •	.	-	.	i.

- i: io£'©?r ?.i ~vi/&S ?o ■jf/Sod . .	*d;	•■•■ ,... . . »; -»

v "s!\	.»A	j

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

Seff! 2.

.*■*******#********#*••***********•**•*♦*******•*#*****•

Cap. 28.

An A& for Inclofing Lands in the ParifliC3 of Great St aught on and Graff ham, in the County of Huntingdon.	[	2 5 th July 1807.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifhes of Great Stoughton and Graffbam, in the County of Huntingdon, certain Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing Two Thoufand Acres, or thereabouts, -of which One hundred and thirteen Acres, or thereabouts, are fituate in that Part of the Hamlet of Perry, which is called Eajl Perry, and which is within the faid Parifh of Graffbam; and all the Refidue thereof are fituate within the faid Parifh of Great Staughton: And whereas the Mod Noble William Duke of Manchester, Sir James Duberly Knight, Arthur Walter Efquire, the Reverend Frogmere Cummhtg Clerk, as Vicar of the United Vicarages of Cardington and Keyfoe, the Reverend Harry Wel/lead Clerk, the Reverend Hugh Wade Gery Clerk, and alfo the fame Hugh Wade Gery, John Milnes Efquire, and the Reverend Thomas Milnes Clerk, as his Co-proprietors, are refpedively Owners of feveral Parts of the Impropriate ReGory of Great Staughton, and are entituled to certain Tythes arifmg within the faid Parifh of Great Staughton: And whereas the Prefident and Scholars of Saint John the Baptifl’s College, Oxford, are Patrons of the Vicarge of Great Staughton aforefaid, and the Reverend James Pope Clerk is Vicar thereof, and entitled to certain Tythes, or Compofitions in lieu thereof, arifmg within the faid Parifh of Great Staughton : And whereas Lady Olivia Bernard Sparrow is Patronefs of the Rectory of Graffbam aforefaidand the Reverend Samuel Parr DoGor of Laws, is ReGor thereof, and entitled to the Great and Small Tythes arifing within the faid Parifh of Graffbam; And whereas the | Lac. lit Per 7}	6 Q	King’s

C22

-Commif-

fioneis.

The Provisions of the . general Aft to extend to tbit Act.

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 28.

King’s moft Excellent Majefty, in Right of his Crown; and Parker Eiquire, as His Leffee; the fcid Arthur Walter Efqtiire, Jam:, Garth Efquire, the faid Harry Weljlead, Robert Hurjl and others, are Owners and Proprietors of the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, intended to be divided and inclofed by virtue of this Aft: And whereas the Lands of the feveral Proprietors in the faid Common and Open Fields lie intermixed and difperfed* and are otherwife inconveniently fituated ; and the lame, and alfo the faid Meadows, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds' in the hid Parilhes refpeftively in their .prefent: State, are incapable of any confiderable Improvement, and the Proprietors thereof are defrous that the fame fhould be divided, and fpeclfic Allotments fet out to and for the feveral Proprietors thereof, and Perfons inlerefted therein, in Proportion to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts, and be inclofed and held in feveralty ; and that, in Confideration cf a proper Compenfation, all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the faid Parilhes of Great Siaughton and Grajfham refpeftively, as well Open as Inclofed, which are fubject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, or any Modufes, or other Compofuions in lieu thereof, fhould be discharged therefrom : but the feverel beneficial Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliaments May it thererefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enabled and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by atid with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, anti Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Chat les Blood-worth of Kimboiton, in the County of Huntingdon ; John Burcham of Coningsby, in the County of Lincoln ; and Edward Platt of Lidlington in the County of Bedford, Gentlemen, fhall be and they are hereby appointed C.ommifiioners. for dividing and allotting all the iaid-Coinmon and Open Fields, Meadows, Com-njons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the faid Parilhes of Great Siaughton and Grajfham and for carrying the feveral other Pur-ppfes of this Act into Execution, purfuant to the Powers, Regulations, Direftions, and Provifions, contained in this Aft, and to fuch of the Powers, Regulations, Directions, and Provifions, contained in an Aft, palled in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of Kis prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for confolidaling into one Ad, certain Provifions tifually inferted in Ads of Inclof ure, and for facilitaing the Mode of proving the feveral Fads vfually required on the puffing cf filch Ads, as afe not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Piovifions, or Regulations of this Aft: provided always, that this Aft lhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to enable the Commiffioners to divide, inclofe, or exonerate from Tythes, that Part .of the Parifh of Great Siaughton, which was divided and inclofed, <4 exonerated from Tythes, under or by virtue of an Aft, puffed in the Fqriy fouithYear ofthe Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for inciofimg Lands, in the Parifh of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, ojj that Part of the Parifh of Graf ham, which was divided and inclofed, or exonerated from Tythes, under or by virtue of an Aft, paffed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for dividing and inclofing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Manor and Town-Jhip of Graifhain, in the County of Huntingdon.

II.	Provided

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Ca^28.	$3$

IT. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any of t^p^e^Tom-Commiffioners herein-before named, or to be appointed as hereinafter is mi/iioners. mentioned, (hall, before tile fmiffiing and completing the faid Divifion and Inclolure, die, or refufe to, aft, or become incapable of a'fting as a •Commiffioner, in the Execution of this Aft; then, and in every futh Cafe, the furviving or remaining CommhTione,'s or Commifioner dial! from Time to l ime, within Twenty-one Days next after inch Death, Re-fufal, or Incapacity fhall happen, or as loon after a$ conveniently may be, by Writing under their or his Hands and S'zh, or Hand and Seal, appoint a Commiffioner or •Commiffioners, not interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, in the Place of fitch Corpnrflionsr or Corfanuflio-nets fo dymg, reihfing to aft, or becoming incapable of afting as afore-faid: And every fuch Commiffioner fo to be appointed, (hall have fuch. and the like Powers and Authorities, by virtue of this Aft, as the Com-miffioner in whole Place he fhall fucceed, was invefted with.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That it fliall be lawful for' T*o Com the faid Commiffioners hereby appointed, or who fhall or may be appointed mlysux.'' in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any Two of them.;1 and they,

or any Two of them, are hereby fully authorized and empowered to do all and every or any Aft, Matter, .and Thing, by this Aft authorized to be done and performed by the faid Commiffioners; and any Aft, Matter, or Thing, which fliall be executed by any Two of fuch Commiffioners, fliall be as valid.and effeftual to all Intents andPurpofes, as if all the faid Commifioners herein-before appointed had been prefent, and had executed, done, and performed the fame.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and Commif-they are hereby required, to give publick Notice in the Parifh Churches N“""eof B'W4 of Great Staugbton and Graf ham aforefaid, refpeftively upon feme Sunday their Mect-immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing, to be affixed on one ‘"E**

of the outer Doors of each of the faid Parifh Churches, of the Time and Plaqe of their firft Meeting, for executing the Powers hereby vetted in them, at leaft Seven Days before fuch Meeting, and fliall in like Manner give Seven Days Notice of every iiibfequent Meeting for the like Purpofes,

(Meetings by Adjournment only excepted ;) and in cafe Two Cotnmiflio-ners fhall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting fhall be adjourned, it fhall be lawful for atiy one of the faid Commiffioners prefent, at fuch Time and Place, or the Clerk to ■be appointed by the faid Commiffioners, to adjourn the faid Meeting to be held on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment; and the faid Commiffioner or Clerk, making fuch Ad. journment, is hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the abfenf Commiffioners ; and all Meetings for executing this Aft fhall be held at Great Staugbton and Graf ham aforefaid, or within Eight Miles therefrom.

V.	And be it further enafted, That ail Notices, which by the faid Aft, Noticrs to be or this Aft, are required to be given or publifhed in any public Newf-

paper, of Dtting out public Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing smpton Mer. the Award of the Commiffioners, or of any other Aft, Matter, or Thing to CUI> bedone in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be given and publifhedin th^Cambridge Chrtnide and Northampton Mercury; or, if thofe Newfpapcrs fhall not 1	,	then

52 +

Corona tf-

f» »ne= s to determine Difc-iei cnees.

Power to try «*npired Ciami at jLaw.

47’GEORGII III, Sell 2. Cup. 28.

then be publifhed, in fome other Newfpaper ufually circulated in the fail

iCounty of Huntingdon.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Difpute or Difference fhnll

arife between His Majefty, his Heirs, or Succeflors, and any other of the Proprietors of, or Perfons interfiled in. any of the Lands or other Hereditaments intended to be divided or affefted by this Aft, or between any of the faid Proprietors or Perfons interefted as aforefaid, touching or concerning any of their Claims, Eftates, Rights, or Interefts therein, or any Allotment or Compenfation to be made in lieu thereof, it ill all be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required to hear and determine the fame : Provided that nothing herein contained fhall authorize the faid Commiflioners to determine any Difpute or Difference which may arife touching or concerning the Title of His Majefty, his Heirs, or Suc-ceffors, or any other Perfon or Perfons, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if His Majefty, his Heirs, or Succeflors, or any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate,, making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or other Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Aft, or any Rights or Interefts therein, or objecting to any fuch Claim or Claims, fha!! be diffatisfied with the Determination of the Hid Commiflioners, and fhall be defirous of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefts, refpeftively tried at Law ; and the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo defirous to have the fame tried at Law, fhatl and do by themfelvesor their refpeftive Attornics or Agents, give or caufe to be given. Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Commiffionos, or either of them, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Determination (hall have been fo made by the faid Commiflioners, (of which Notice, the faid Commiflioners are here by required immediately, on receipt thereof, or as foon afterwards as conveniently may be done, t -> give Information to the adverfe Party or Pa'ties, his, her, or their refpeftive Stewards, Receivers, or Agents, by Writing under their refpeftive Hands, to be deli-vered to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Attornies or Agents as aforefaid.) then but not afterwards, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, their refpeftive Heirs, Succeflors, or Ailigns; and he, fhe, and they, is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the A fuzes to be holden for the County of Huntingdon, in a feigned Aclion or Aftions for that Purpofe, to be commenced in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminfier, by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, again! t the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interefted in the faid Divifion, who" fhall make fuch Objeftion or Objeftions within Twelve Calendar Months next after fuch Notice fhall be given to the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aclion or Aftions, fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or More lffue or Iffues, whereby all fuch Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interefts, may be properly tried and determined, fuch Iflue or Iffues tp be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch Aftion fhall be brought, if the Parties fhall differ about the fame ; and the

Verdi <2

4.70 GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 28.

Verdin or Verdi&s, which (hall be given in the (aid A cleat or Acli mis, (hall be final and conclusive to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Ptrfons whomfoever 5 and after any Verdicb or VerdiSs (hall have been obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the Ja d Comrniffioners fiiaHj and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Court in vvtiich any Action commenced in purfuunceof this let ih :!I be depending, upon Efficient Caufe (hewn, to put oii' thelrial of fitch ASion, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time hereinbefore limited for the Trial of fuch ASion may be thereby exceeded : but if no luch ASion or ASions at Law (hall be brought or commenced by the Perfon or Peifons,

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving fuch Notice, within the Tune aforefaid; or, if fuch ASicn or ASions (hull not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the Allizes, which (hall be holdenfor the faid County of Huntingdon, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days from the Day of giving fuch Notice, by or on account of the Neglett or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s therein ; then, and in fuch Cafe, the Determination of the Comrniffioners (hall be final, binding, and conclulive unto and upon all Parties wnatl’oever.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaSed, That if any of the Parties in Action* not an ASion or ASions to be brought and profecuted in purfuance of this t»« oeathof AS, (hall die pending the fame, fuch ASion or ASions (hall not abate by the Party. Reafon thereof, but may be proceeded in, as if no fuch Death had happened.

IX.	Provided .always, and be it further enaSed That tile faid Commif- ^™|,‘ fioners (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized, at their Difcretian> ,:ie(s eUiU r upon Requeft made to them by all or any of the Parties in whofe Favour

they (hall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge fuch Cods and Charges as they (hall think reafonable, for the Ufc or Benefit of fuch Party or Parties, upon or againft the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whofe Claim or Claims, ObjeSion .or Objections,

Complaint or Complaints, (hall be thereby difallowed, as the Cafe (hall happen ; and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the (aid Commif-lioners, to levy fuch Cods and Charges, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch lad-mentioned Perfon or Perfons, together with the Charges of fuch Didrefs and Sale : And in cafe there (hall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the fame, or in cafe a Body Corporate is to pay fuch Cods, then, and in either of fuch Cafes, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Cods (hall be awarded, to recover the fame by Aftion or Actions of Debt, or on the Cafe, in which it (hall be diffident for the Plaintiff’ to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum fpecified in the Order of Adjudication made by the faid Comrniffioners, and in confequence of fuch Order of Adjudication, without fetting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Comrniffioners (hall and A'lotment for miav, and they are hereby authorized and required, to fet out and allot St;>ne» Sami, fuch Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and ylortu Pht inclofed by virtue hereof, as they (hall think proper, not exceeding Five

Acres within the faid Parilh of Great Stoughton, and Two Acres within the faid Parilh of Graffham, in the whole, as and for public Stone, Sand,

Gravel, and Mortar Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the fame, to be ufed in common by the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds, and [Lw. fcf Per.]	6 R	their

526	47°	G	EORG	11 ill. Soft; 2. Cap. iS.

their Tenants, in or upon any of their Lands, Tenements, or Heredita" merits, intended to be divided and inclofed, or exonerated from 1 ythes, by virtue hereof, for their own nccetiary IJfes, or for the Repairs of the public and private Roads in the faid Parifhes refpeftivelv, within which the faid Stone, Sand, Gravel, and Mortar Fits, refpeftively, ihall be fo let out as aforefaid; and the Herbage to grow on the faid Allotments, refpeftively, is hereby veiled in the Surveyor o1- Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways in tire refpeftive Parifhes of Great Staugbton and Graff ham aforefaid, in which the fame Allotments, refpeftively, ihall be made to be by him or them let, fold, or difpofed of, for the Ufe of the fame Highways.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners ihall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to fet out for the Impropriate Rectors of Great Staugbton, fuch Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Parilh of Great Staugbton aforefaid, hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, asfhtdl, in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners, be a full Equivalent and t'ompenfation for fuch Glebe Lands, and Right of Common (if any) as they or any of them are now entitled to, as Impropriators as aforefaid, in, over, and upon the lame Lands and Grounds; and ihall, in like Manner, fet out for the faid James Pope, or the Vicar of Great Staugbton aforefaid for the Time being, fuch Part of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parilh of Great Staugbton, hereby directed to be divided and inclofed; and for the faid Samuel Parr, or the Rector of Greff bam aforefaid for the Time being, fuch Part of the Lands within the faid Parilh of Grffham, hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, as in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners ihall be a full Equivalent and Compenlation for their refpeftive Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, (if any fuch they have,) in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclofed.

A'lctment ror ii t e and C< m-non Ri^ht.

Allotments for Tytiics*

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners ihall, in the next Place, fet out for the Impropriate Reftors of Great Staugbton aforefaid, and for the faid James Pope, or the Vicar of Great Staugbton aforefaid for the Time being, fuch Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds, within the faid Parilh of Great Staugbton, hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, as, in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners, ihall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Lands and Grounds in the faid Parilh of Great Staugbton, which now, or at any Time within the Space of Three Years next before the p’affing of this Act, have been ufed as Arable or Tillage Lands and Grounds; to One-tenth Part of all the Wood Lands within the fame Parilh; and to One-ninth Part of all the other Lands and Grounds, as well open as inclofed, within the fame Parilh, which are fubjeft or liable to the Payment of full Tythes in Kind, to the laid Impropriators or any of them, and the faid Vicar, refpeftively, which Ihall remain, after the feveral public Roads and Gravel Pits, and the Allotment or Allotments, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, to be fet out and allotted in the fame Parilh, in purfuance of this Aft, fliall be deducted therefrom, (except of fuch Ancient inclofed Lands and Grounds, within the hud Parilh of Great Staugbton, exceeding the Quantity of Twenty-five Acres, the Proprietor or feint Proprietors whereof Ihall not have fufficicut Common Field Land, or Rights of Common, to exonerate the fame from Tythes ;) and in cafe any of the ancient inclofed or Open Field Lands or Grounds, in the Parilh of Great Staugbton aforefaid,

are

47° GEORGII HI. Seff.2. Cap. 28.	527

are fubjeft to the Payment of a Modus or Competition, in lieu of any Tythes tothe faidVicar, then the faid Commiflioners lhall fet out for the laid Impropriators and thefaid Vicar refpeftively, fuch further Plot or Plots of the Lands in Great Staugbton aforefaid, hereby directed to be divided and inelofed, as in the Judgement of the laid Commiflioners fliall be equal in Value to the Tythes due to the faid Impropriators, or any of them, and the Modu-fes or Compofitions in lieu of Tythes due or payable to the faid Vicar for fuch of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Pari lb of Great Staugbton as are not fubjeft and liable to the Payment of full Tythes.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid CommifToners lhall, in Al'otmem for

the next Place, fet out for the faid Samuel Parr, or the Reft or of Graffbatn	lhe

aforefaid, for the Time being, fuch Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds, Graffnaw within the faid Parilh of Graffbam, hereby directed to be divided and. inelofed, as, in the Judgement of the faid Comir.iflionefs, fhall be equal

in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Lands and Grounds in thefaid Parilh of Graf ham, hereby directed to be divided and inelofed, which now, or at any Time within the Space of Three Years next before the paifing of this Aft, have been ufed as Arable or Tillage Lands and Grounds, to One-tenth Part of all the Wood Lands, within the faid Pari Hi of Graf ham-, and to One-ninth Part of all the other Lands and Grounds, as well open as inclcfed, within the faid Parilh of Graffbam, which are fubjeft and liable to the Payment of full Tythes to the fame Rect' r, which lhall remain, after the feveral public Roads and Gravel Pits, and the Allotment or Allotments, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, to be fet out and allotted in the fame Parilh, in purfuance of this Aft, lhall be dedufted therefrom; and in cafe any of the Ancient inclcfed or Open Field Lands or Groun Is, in the faid Parilh of Grtrffham, are fubjeft to the Payment of any Modus or Modufes, in lieu of any Tythes, then the faid Commiflioners lhail fet out for the fame Reftor, fuch Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds in the faid Parilh of Graffbam, hereby direfted to be divided and inelofed, ac, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, fliall be equal to the Modufes, in lieu of Tythes, due and payable for fuch of the Lands and Grounds within the Parilh of Graffbam aforefaid, as are not fubjeft and liable to the Payment of full Tythes.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the Pro- Owners of prietor or joint Proprietors of any Mefluages, Cottages, Homefteads, Gar- Ancitnt ln* dens. Orchards, or inelofed Lands or Grounds in the faid Parilhes of h^ve'not fui? Great Staugbton and Graffbam, or either of them, which are fubjeft and &"«*>* Open liable to the Payment ol Tythes in Kind, or any Modus or Compofitioh ?0'exonerate in lieu thereof, fhall not be entitled, upon the faid Divifion, to a fuflicient them from Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and ^exonerate alloted, to exonerate his, her, or their ancient Inclofures from Tythes or tferr. by a Modufes; and fuch Inclofure or Inclofures of any fuch Proprietor or pV* Joint Proprietors, in the faid Parilh of Great Staugbton, fhall not exceed

in the W hole Twenty-five Acre-, then, and in fuch Cafe, the faid Commiflioners lhall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to charge the Proprietor or Joint Proprietors thereof refpeftively, with fuch Sum or Sums ol Money as fhall, in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners, be a juft and full Compcnfation and Satisfaction for the Fee-Simple of the Tythes thereof refpeftnrely, according to the Proportions aforefaid : and fuch Sum and Sums of Money lhall be paid by fuch Proprietor or Joint Proprietors reipifffivclw 'to the faid Commiflioners, to be by them applied, in fuch S	Manner

528	47°	GEORGJ1 III. Seff. 2; Cap. 28.

Manner as they fliall think proper, towards defraying the Expences of obtaining this Ad, and carrying the fame into Execution; and, .in cafe of Non-payment thereof, at the Time appointed for that Purpofe, the fame fliall be railed and levied in fuch Manner as is provided for railing and levying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, in cafe of Ncg-led or Refufal to pay the fame: and if, after defraying all. the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there dull remain in the Hands of the faid Commiihoners any Surplus of the Money paid to them by the Proprietors of fuch inclofed Lands and Tenements as aforefaid, towards defraying fuch Expences, the Surplus Money fliall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons from whofe Allotment or Allotments Land fliall have been deducted or taken by the Commiffioners, for or towards making a Compen-iation or Satisfaction for the Tyihes of fuch lalt mentioned inclofed Lauds and Tenements, in fuch Shares, and Proportions, and Manner, as the faid Commiihoners fliall direct or appoint; fubject, neverthelefs, to the Provifions and Directions contained in the faid Act of the Forty-firfl Year of His prefent Majefty, with refpect to the Money paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands or limber growing thereon; which Money ought to be laid out in the Put chafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Proprietor, or Joint Proprietors, of any Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures, in the faid Parifli oiGreat Staugbton, exceeding the Quantity of Twenty-five Acres, fliall not have Lands or Hereditaments in the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, fufheient to make Compenfation for the Tythes, Modufes, or other Com-pofitions in lieu of Tythes, of fuch Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures; then, and in fuch Cafe, it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out for fuch of the faid Impropriators as fliall be entitled to the Tythes thereof, and the faid Vicar reipect-tively, fuch Part or Parts of fuch Ancient Iudofure or Inclofures, as, together with fuch Proprietor or Joint Proprietors’ Share of the faid Common and Open Fields, Commons, and other Commonable Lands, within the fame Parifli, (If any,) according to the Proportions aforefaid, they fliall judge to be a juft Compenfation for the Ty thes, and Modufes in lieu of Tythes, of fuch Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures; and the Proprietor or Joint Proprietors of fuch Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures fliall pay fuch Proportion of the Rate to be made for defraying the public Expences, and alfo fliall fence off fuch Part or Parts of fuch Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures, fo to be fet out as a Compenfation as aforefaid, as the faid Commif-fioners fliall order and dired; and fuch Land fo to be fet out by the faid Commiflioners as laft aforefaid, fhall be deferibed in their Award, and fliall be accepted and taken as a full Recompenfe and Satisfaction, and Compenfation for all, and all Manner of Tythes and Modufes whatfoever, due and payable to the faid Impropriators, and Vicar refp<.dively, out of and from fuch Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures ; and fuch Ancient Inclofure or Inclofures of fuch Proprietor or Joint Proprietors, fo remaining, after fuch Deductions, fliall for ever afterwards be exonerated and difeharged from all fuch Tythes, as fully and amply as if the Compenfation had confifted of any Part of the Lands or Grounds by this Ad direded to be divided and inclofed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anyvvife notwithstanding.

XVI. And

Cerlair. Ancient Inclo-furc* my be djithargtd of Tytiics by Land.

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 28.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby authorized and requited to divide, apportion, allot, and award the Allotments of Land or Ground which fhall be fet out for and in lieu of the great and fmall Tythes, Modufes, and Payments in lieu of Tythes, in Great Staughton aforefaid, between and among the faid Impropriators refpeftively, according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts therein, and the faid Vicar of Great Stoughton aforefaid in fuch Parts, Shares, and Proportions, as the faid Commiflioners {hall adjudge and determine to be a juft Compenfation and Satisfaftion for the refpeftive Properties, Rights, and Interefts of the faid Impropriators, and of the faid Vicar refpeftively, in the aforefaid Tythes, Modufes, and Payments in lieu of Tythes.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the Allotments, which fhall be fet out for the faid Impropriators as aforefaid, and the faid James Pope, or the Vicar of Great Staughton aforefaid for the Time being, refpeftively, within the faid Parilh of Great Staughton, as herein before direfted ; and the Allotment or Allotments which ftiall be fet out for the faid Samuel Parr, or the Reftor of Graffham aforefaid for the Time being, within the faid Parifh of Grqffham, as herein-before direfted, {hall be in lieu of, and full Compenfation and Satisfaftion for, their refpeftive Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common, (if any, they, or either of them, have,) in and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed j and alfo of and for all the great and fmall Tythes, Modufes, Compofitions, and other Payments whatfoever, in lieu of Tythes ariftng, growing, renewing, increafing, appertaining, or due, or payable to them refpeftively, out of, or in refpeft of all and every the Meffuages, Cottages, Tofts, Home-fteads, Gardens, Orchards, Inclofed Lands, Open and Common Field Lands, Meadows, Paftures, Wood Grounds, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever, within the refpeftive Parifhes of Great Staughton and Graffham aforefaid, refpeftively ; (but Eafter Offerings, Surplice Fees, and Mortuaries, fliall not be prejudiced ;) and the fame Tythes, Modufes, Compofitions, and Payments in lien of Tythes, fliall immediately from and after the fetting out of the Allotment or Allotments m lieu and Satisfaftion thereof as aforefaid ; or at fuch other Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners fliall in and by their Award, or any other Writing, to be figned by them previous to the Execution of their Award, and affixed on the Church Doors of Great Staughton and Graffham aforefaid, refpeftively, direft or appoint, ceal'e, determine, and be for ever ex-ting uifhed : And the faid Impropriators, Vicar, and Reftor, refpeftively, fhall in the mean Time be intitled to, and fliall receive and enjoy fuch and the fame Tythes, and Payment' in lieu thereof, as they might, or could, or ought to have done, in cafe this Aft had not been made : And in cafe the fame fhall happen before the End of any current Year for which the laid Tythes are holden by the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners to determine what Sum fhall be paid by them refpectively, for the faid Tythes, for fuch fractional Part as fhall be then patted, for the faid current Year ; and that from, and immediately after luch Allotments fhall be fet out, the faid Impropriators, Vicar, and Reftor refpeftively, fliall be for ever exonerated and exempt from providing and kecp.ng a Bull and Boar ; or either of them, for the faid Parifh of Great Staughton and Graffham, in refpeft of the Lands to be divided and inclofed, or exonerated from Tythes, by virtue of this Aft.

[Lee. iff Per.]	6	S

529

Allotment for the Tythes of Great Stuiph-ton to f e di • vided betwen the Impro. priaturs and Vicar.

Tytlies to

ceafe.

Tyihes to be

payable until

Allotments

made.

XVIII. And

53°	47*GEORGII	III.	Sefl*. 2. Cap. 28.

AI'thteLord» XVIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall, of the	and may, and they are hereby required to fet out, allot, and award to and

nor., for the for the Lord* or Ladies of the rdpedive Manors within w hich the Com-ntriu p tue mon an(j \\ afte ijancls hereby direded to be divided and inclofed are fituate, fuch Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided ■ and inclofed, as (hall, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners, be equal in value to One-twentieth Part, at lead, of all fuch Common and Waite Lands.

XIX. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall, immediately after making fuch Allotments as aforefaid, divide, fet out, allot, and award, all the Refidue of the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted, unto and amonglt His Majefty, his Heirs, and Succefiors, and his or their Leflee or Lelfees, and the feveral other Proprietors thereof, and Perfons interefted therein, in fuch Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as by the faid Commiflioners (hall be adjudged and determined, to be a fair, juft, and reafonable Compenfation and Satisfadion for their feveral and refpedive Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interefts therein.

For fencing XX. And be it further enaded, That the Allotments, which (hall be fet to'mTms.' A* out an<^ awarded to the faid Impropriators, Vicar, and kedor, refpedively, for Or in lieu of Glebe Land, Rights of Common, Tythes, and Modufes, as aforefaid, (hall be inclofed and fenced on all fuch Parts as (hall not be direded to be fenced by any other Proprietor, and as (hall not adjoin upon any ancient Inclofure, or Brook, with Ditches, and Quickfet Hedges, or other proper Mounds and Fences, with proper Ports and Rails, or other Guard Fences, to fuch new made Quickfet Hedges, by and at the Expence of fuch of the Proprietors (except the faid Impropriators, Vicar, and Redor, refpedively,) of the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and inclofed, and of the inclofed Lands and Hereditaments in the Parifhes of Great Staugbton and Grajf ham aforefaid, hereby direded to be exonerated from Tythes, and in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioners (hall dired ; and all the faid Boundary Hedges,Ditches, and Fences, (hall at all Times thereafter be repaired and maintained by, and at the ExpencC of, the Owners, for the l ime being, of the Lands and Grounds to whom they (hall be refpedively allotted,or direded to belong: And the feveral other Allotments to be made to His Majefty, his Heirs, and Fencing the Succeffors, and his or their Leflee or Lelfees, for the Time being, and the ..ther Allot-	feveral other Proprietors thereof, by virtue of this Ad, (hall be inclofed,

m£nt!'	hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expence of His Majefty, his Heirs,

and Succcflors, and his or their Leflee or 1 eflfees, and the other refpedive Proprietors, to whom fuch Fences (hall be allotted, or direded to belong, with Quickfet Hedges and proper Ditches, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall, by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, dired or appoint.

Po»«r to Ml XXI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid

Fipenfes.'or Commiflioners, on Application made to them in Writing by any Perfon io (hirge the or Perfons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments, or inclofed Lands, or nanttferiJf-’ Tenements, intended to be exonerated from Tythes, by viriueofthis Ad, Ac. with thdr being Tenants in rail, or for Life or Lives, or for any long Term of Years, Aiiutmci ts. abfo'utc or determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency ;

or

53i

478GEORGII III. Scff.r.fjCaf.28.

or for the Huibands, Guardians, Trultees, Committees, or Attornies, of any Perfons feifed of any iuch Ellates refpedlively, who are under Coverture,

Minors, Lunatics, bevond the Seas, or any other Difability, (except the Vicar of Great Staughton and Redlor of Grajfbam aforcfaid, refpedlively,) to fell and difpofe of any Part or Parts of fuch, his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, fefficient to defray his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the Coils, Charges, and Expences of pafling and executing this Adi; and of the neceflary Coils and Expences of fencing and dividing his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments ; all which Sales hereby authorized ihall be made in fuch Manner and Form, and fubjedl to fuch Regulations, as by the faid Adi of the Forty-Aril Year of His prefent Majeity, rliredled or mentioned with refpedt to Sales thereby authorized; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized to convey, and allure or allot, and award the Part or Parts fo fold to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof in Fee fimple, by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, or Bargain and Sale or by their Award; and the Receipt of the faid Commiflioners, for fuch purchafe Monies, ihall be a fuflicient Difcharge to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers: or it ihall be lawful for any fuch Perfon or Perfons, as afoiefaid, with the Confent, in Writing, of the faid Commiflioners, to charge his, her, or their refpedlive Allotments, and inclofed Lands, or either of them, or any Part thereof, with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of the refpedlive Payments, which he, ihe, or they ihall make, by the Diredtion of the faid Commiflioners, for or on account of all, or any fuch Coils, Charger, and Expences as aforefaid,

(and which Charge ihall not in any Cafe exceed the Rate of Five Pounds an Acre,) and for better fecuring the Payment thereof, with Intereft, it ihall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, with fuch Confent as lail aforefaid, to grant, furrender, convey, or allure the Lands fo to be charged by Way of Mortgage, in fucli Manner as by the faid Adi of the Forty-firil Year of His prefent Majeity, is provided or authorized, with refpedl to any other Money to be raifed or borrowed for the Purpofes of this Acl.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That in cafe fuch ^^piie-tion Lands and Grounds, fo to be fold as hercin-before mentioned by the faid of t'urpius Commiflioners, fhall be fold for more Money than will be required to Mon«y* defray the Share or Proportion of fuch Coils, Charges, and Expences, to

be paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo requelling fuch Sale; then and in fuch Cafe, fuch furplusMoney ihall be divided and apportioned between the feveral Perfons forequeiting fuch Sale, if more than one fuch Application ihall be made, in fuch Shares as the faid Commiflioners ihall think proper; and the Shares of fuch of them as ihall be Tenants of their refpedlive Allotments in Fee fimple, (hall be paid to them refpetiivcly ; and the Shares of fuch other Perfons, of and in iuch furplus Money, ihall be applied and difpofed of in Manner diredled by the laid Adt, in thofe Cafes wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe oi other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That it ihall be Qr

lawful for the faid Commiflioners, if they ihall think the Meafure ex- dui^Lind for pedient, to dedudl irom any Allotment or Allotments, to be fet out for His ,he ^'pensc,.

532	47°GEORGII	HI. Seflv2. Cap. 28.

jyiajefty, his Heirs, or Succeflors, and his cr their Leffee or Leflces, or {tny other Proprietor or Proprietors, by virtue of this Aft, fo much Land, as, in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners, lhall be equivalent to the Part or Proportion of the Expences of foliciting and parting this Aft, and of the Execution thereof by the faid Commiflioners: and alfo to the Expences of inclofing, hedging, ditching, and fencing, which ought to be paid, in refpeft of i'uch Allotment or Allotments: And the Lands fo de-dufted lhall be allotted to, or among!! the Proprietor or Proprietors, who lhall pay the fame Expences, in Proportion to the Sums they lhall lefpeftively pay or contribute thereto ; but under the Reftriftion, however, that no fuch Deduftion fliall be made from the Allotment or Allotments to His Majelty, his Heirs, or Succeflors, and his or their Leffee or Leffees, without the previous Confent of the Surveyor-General of His Majelty’s Land Revenue, or from any other Allotment or Allotments, without the previous Confent, in Writing, of the refpeftive Proprietors, or Perfons feifed or entitled in Pofieffion of or to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or of the Hulbands, Guardians, Trultees, Committees, or Attornies of any fuch Proprietors, being Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Difability or Incapacity of afting for themfelves.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful, to and for the faid Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, whereof his faid Majelty, His Heirs, or Succeflors, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are feifed or entitled for any Ellate of Freehold or Inheritance within the faid Parilhes of Great Staugbton and Graffbam, or either of them, in lieu of, and in exchange for, any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, within the fame Parilhes, or either of them, or within any adjoining Parilh, Hamlet, or Townfliip, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners ; and that all Exchanges affiefting any Hereditaments belonging to His Majelty, His Heirs or Succeflors, be made with the Confent of the Lords Commiflioners of His Majelty’s Treafury, and all other Exchanges in purfuance of this Aft, be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which lhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, lhall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hulbands, Committees, or Atiomies, of or afting for any fuch Proprietors 1 or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fliall be refpeftively Infams, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who lhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difablcd to aft for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teltified in Writing, under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting. Parties refpeftively ; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made, lhall be good, valid, and dfeftual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpoles whatfoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange lhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of

any

47° GEORG 11 111. Sefi*. 2.' Caf. 28.	533

*fiy Tlvutkfy Chapel’,1 or other Eccltfiaftkal Benefice without the Conferffettfttiffed as afobefaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bifliop of the Diddefe 4n which fiwh Lands, Tenements, or ffetred it aments To to be exchanged,'-fltail lie and beiitwate: Provided always, that aH'CoIh-,Ch: and Exlpclicds, attending1 the making dnv Exchanges anil Partitions, fhall bfe paidhpiftl borta^Y-the feveral Petfons malang fuch Exchanges'of Partition^, in fitch IM.o ner and in fuih Proporti	as the hud Cotn-

ftiidionefs'ihail 1 v their JIM A\u.: d order and direct.

XXV.	And be it farther enabled, That it jCiall and may be lawful for Proprietors any Perfon or Perfon?, 4hd fhall be entitled to any Allotment or Allot-

ments,-bv Virtue of this Abl to give, grant, bargain, 1VU, dsmife, rnort-

before Lxecti-

gage, devife, limit, convey, affure, and difpofe of the fame, for all or «>onot»he any Part of his, her, or their Eftate and Intercft therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, of Common and every fuch Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demife, Mortgage, Devife,

Limitation, andDifpofitien thereof, as well by Will as any other Conveyance property. ot A flu ranee, {hall be of the fame Force and Validity, as if made after the Execution of the faid Award: And alfo, that it fhall and may he lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Right of Common upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclolcd, to fell and' difpofe of the feme, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and fet out in re’.pebt thereof, by virtue of this Abl, leparate and diltinft from the Ed ate in Right of which he or file is entitled to the fame, in fuch Manner as he or fhe might have done at any Time after the Execution of the faid Award ; and it fhall be lawful for the feid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award all and every fuch Allotment or Allotments which fhall be fold and difpqfed of, or ro be made-and fet out, In- lieu of any Right of Common fo lold’br difpofed of, to’fuf h purehafer or Purchafers thereof or other Perfon or Perfons, who fhall be entitled to the lame, by virtue of any fuch Sale or DiipolkioU.	ifiwA

m ,aroTlsa3ne.	aifi	vH	ot	jjnijrtobd	■	-	.ftaisll

XXVI.	And Be it further enabled, That all the Allotment which flnll be fet out or allotted to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic,

Coi-porate,. Or Collegiate, by virtue of this Abl, Ual(- be deemed or taken to be held by and under the fame Tenures,'Rents, Fines, Cudoms, and Services rlfpeblively as the Lands and Hereditaments iti lieu or in refpetl whereof fuch Allotments were made, were previoufly held by or fubjebt unto ; and the faid Commiflioners fhall in their Award diftinguifli the Tenures of the faid Allotments refpeblively, and of or within what Manor or Manors the feme are holden or fituate refpeblively.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That nothing in this Abt contained. Allotment ts fhall revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, of or concerning any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall feae’d the be allotted or exchanged by virtue of tills Abt, or prejudice any Perfon

having' any Claim or Intercft in, to, or out of the fame ; but the fame ‘they were ’ Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fhall, upon the allotting and •““k* Exchange thereof refpeblively, go and remain to the fame Perfon?, for the fame Eftates and Interefls, and to the feme Ules, upon the feme Trulls, and to and for the fame Intents and Purpofes, and be under and iubjebfc to the Fame Powers, Provifos, Limitations, Conditions, Agreements.

X‘m- lL6£- & Per.]	6 T	’	Debts,

534:	47*	GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 2%.

Debts, Charges, tndimbrances, and Pfovifioirs of everv Kind, 2S the Laiids'and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof the fame fhal! be refpeftively allotted or exchanged, are of, or would be held, or go, ftand, or be limited to or upon, or be fbbjeft to, or affefted by, if fuch Allotment or Exchange’ had not been made, or this Aft had not palled.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Leafe and Leafes, I’ower to ».v Agreements for Leafes at Rack-Rent, or from Year to Year, now Rack Rent. ' fubfifling of all, every, or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds, Which are hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, or which fhail be exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged by virtue of this Aft ; and of all Mefluages, Homefteads, and Old Inclofures, fituate in the Parilhes of Great Staughton and Graff ham aforefaid, which are let therewith re-fpeftively, fhail immediately, from and after dividing, allotting, exonerating and exchanging the fame Lands and other Hereditaments refpeftively, or at fuch other Time or Times, as the faid Commiflioners fhail, by any Writing under their Hands, direft, ceafe, determine, and be void, and the refpeftive Owners of fuch Lands and Hereditaments, fhail make fuch Satisfaction and Compenfation to fuch Leffee or Leffees, Tenant or Tenants for the Lofs or Damage he, fhe, or they refpeftively fhail thereby fuftain, and in fuch Manner as fuch Owners, and their Leffee or LefTees, Tenant or Tenants refpeftively, fhail agree upon; or, in cafe they fhail difagree, then as the faid Commiflioners fhail order, direft, or appoint to be paid to fuch Leffee or Leffees, Tenant or Tenants refpeftively, on account thereof; and, in cafe the Money direfted by the faid Commiflioners to be paid on the Account aforefaid, fhail not be paid at the Time by them appointed, the fame fhail be recoverable at the Suit of the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively, to whom the fame fhail be direfted to be paid, by Aftion of Debt, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejlminjler; in which, no Protection, Effoign, Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, fhail be allowed : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained, fhail extend to determine, prejudice, or aflfeft any Leafes or Agreements of or concerning any Lands or Hereditaments which fhail be exchanged, by virtue of this Aft, unlefs the Whole of the demifed Premifes fhail be fituate in the Parifhes of Great Staughton and Grajfham aforefaid, or either of them : Provided alfo, and be it further eftafted, That nothing herein contained, lhall make void, or authorize the Commiflioners to make void, any Leafe or Leafes of ancient Inclofures only, in the faid Parifhes of Great Staughton and Grajfham, or either of them, which fhail be exonerated from Tythes, but the fame fhail continue during the Refidue of the faid Term, and the Tenant or Tenants thereof, refpeftively, fhail pay the Landlord of the faid Premifes fuch increafed Rent, as the Commiflioners fhail determine to be fair and reafonable ; fuch additional Payment of Rent to commence at	fuch Time as the faid Commiflioners

fhail direft, and fhail be payable	to the faid	Landlord or Landlords,

together with the other Rent, and be recoverable in the fame Manner as the faid other Rent is recoverable.

Commif-	XXIX.	And	be it further enafted. That in the mean Time, and until

dTreit tlTeay	fuch Divifion, and Allotments fhail	be made as	aforefaid, all the Tillage,

Courfcof	Pafture, and other Lands, hereby	direfted to	be divided and inclofed,

Huftiandry. flja|] jje flocked, with fuch Cattle, and fown by the refpeftive Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, with fuch Sort of Corn and Grain, and

fhail

S3S

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2: • Gap. 28-

(hall be kept, Ordered and continued, in fuch Courfe of Huibandrv, as the faid Commiffioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, fhall award, order, direft, or appoint,, any Ufage or Cuftotn of flocking or forwing to the contrary, notwithflanding ; and that no Meadows, Failures, or Frefh Grounds, Part of the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and inclofed or exonerated from Tythes^ and not now in Tillage, fhall, before that Time, be ploughed, broken-up, or converted into Tillage: And alfo, that it ihail and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, at any Time hereafter, when they in their Judgement fhall think it convenient and neceffary by Notice for that Purpofe, under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the Doors of each of the Parifh Churches of Great Staugbton and Graffham aforefaid, to fufpend or totally extinguifh, all or any Part of the Right of Common in and over the Lands and Grounds hereby direftedto be divided and inclofed; and from and after fuch Notice given, all fuch Right of Common over the Lands or Grounds, as by fuch NoticeorNoticesfhall bedirefted or declared to be fufpended or extinguifhed, fhall ceafe,and be utterly extinguifhed, or otherwife be fufpended, for fuch Time as the faid Commiffioners fhall in and by fuch Notice direct; and if, during fuch Sufpenfion, or after fuch Extinguifhment of Common Right as aforefaid, any of the faid Proprietors or Occupiers fhall at any Time or T imes during the Time this Aft fhall be carrying into Execution, permit his, her, or their Cattle to go, departure or feed, on any of the I,ands or Grounds fo exonerated from Common, then it fhall be lawful for any of the faid Proprietors or Occupiers to feize fuch Cattle, being upon fuch Lands or Grounds, contrary to fuch Order, and to impound and keep the fame, until the Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall pay to the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and impounding fuch Cattle, the Sum of Five Shillings for each of the Catde fo feized and impounded ; and in cafe the fame fhall not be paid before the next Meeting of the faid Commiffioners after fuch feizing and impounding, then the faid Commiffioners, are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Proof of fuch Offence or Offences having been committed, and Non-payment of the Penalty thereby incurred, to caufe the Cattle fo feized and impounded, or fuch Part thereof as they fhall think neceffary, or other Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, to be fold, for raifing and paying the Penalty aforefaid, together with the Colls and Charges attending fuch feizing and impounding,

Diftrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus,, if any, to the Owner of fuch Cattle and Chattels.

XXX. And be it further enafted, That the Leffee or Leflees of His Proprietors, Majefly, his Heirs, or Succeffors, and the fcveral other Proprietors, whofe whof- A U-Allotments on the faid Divifion and Inclofure fhall have been ploughed, "fveb- en'' fowed, or manured, by the Direction of the faid Commiffioners, fhall ploughed,&c. pay unto the feveral Perfons, who fhall have ploughed, fowed, or manured the fame, fuch feveral and refpeftive Sums of Money, and at fuch Times, the" laiue. as the faid Commiffioners fhall think reafonable, and by any Writing under their Hands, afeertain, order, and direft; and in cafe any of the laid Sums of Money fhall not be paid at the Times fo ordered by the faid Commiffioners, the fame fhall be raifed, paid, and recovered, in luch Manner as is provided for raifing, levying, and recovering the Ex-penfes of obtaining this Aft, and carrying the fame into Execution, in cafe of Negleft or Refufal to pay the fame.

XXXI. Amt

S36	47°&e°RGII	III. §dT.2, Cap, 28.

I^on-r" to XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the fakl Commiflioneits lhall make Drains, and nvay make, fcour, and widen all fuch ancient Brooks, Ditches, **•	Drains,	Wateicourfes, Tunnels, and Bridges in the1 laid Barlines of

Great Ste.ugbton and Grajjham aforcftiid rtipeftively; and alfo (hall and may fet'outi’uch new Ditches, Drains, or Watercourles, Tunnels, Water-gates, Banks, and from Time .to Time, to make and repair fuch coni-potent Bridges, as well through and over the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, a alfo in, through, and over any ancient Inclofure, or other Lamts and Grounds in the lame rcfpeftive Parilhes, (making fuch Satisfaction to the Proprietors of fuch ancient Inclofures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, for the Damage done thereby, as they (hall think proper,) of fuih Breadth and Depth, and in fuch Directions, as the Laid Commilftoncrs lhall think proper ; and the laid Comnmlioners fljall, and they are hereby directed, in anu by their faid Award, to order ahd award by whom, and at whofe Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner, fuch Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Water-courfes, Tunnels, Water-gates, Banks and Bridges, lhall be made, and thereafter repaired, cleanfed, fcoured, and maintained : Provided always, that no Brook, or Stream of Water, lhall be diverted, or turned, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands and Grounds from which any fuch Brook or Stream lhall be diverted, or into which any fuch Brook or Stream lhall be turned.	'

madenimder ’ XXXII. And be it further enafted, That were any Gate or Gates, lhall be made againfl any public Road or Way, within the Parilhes of Great Rja<i. 'c	Stoughton iXidGroJfbomy atorefaid, refpeftively, the Proprietpror Proprietors

of fuch Gate or Gates lhall, ahd he is hereby required, at his and their own proper Colls and Charges, within Six Calendar Months next after the Date of the faid Award, or from the Time fuch Gates lhall be placed, in all Places were fuch Gates lhall be placed, to make, or cauie to be made, a good and fufficient Bridge, or covered Drain, of a Capacity equal to the Neceffities of the Cafe; and lhall, from Time to Time, for ever afterwards, at his and their like Cods and Charges, keep openV/and in good Repair, the faid Bridges or Drains, and every of them: And In cafe fuch Proprietor or Proprietors lhall negleft or refufe to make ■fuch Bridges or Drains as aforefaid, w ithin the Time herein-before limited . for that Purppfe, or lhall negleft, or refufe, after fuch Bridges or Drains Iftall be made as aforefaid, to keep the fame open, and in good Repair; then, and in either of the faid Cafes, the Surveyors of the Highways of the faid Parilhes of Great Stoughton and GrojJ'bam refpeftively for the Time being, lhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, fr6ra Time to Time to make and repair,fuch competent Bridges or. Drains as aforefaid : And the Proprietor or Proprietors fo negleftmg or refuting to make fuch Ditches or Drains as aforefaid, or to keep the fame' in good Repair, lhall not only reimburfe and repay to the faid Surveyors all fuch Colls, Charges,, and Expences, as fljail attend the making fuch Ditches or Drains, and keeping the fame from Time to '1 ine open-And in good Repair, but Ihjll alfo, for every fuch Negleft or Default, forteirMqd pay to fuch Surveyor or Surveyor? refpeftively, fuch Sum, hfc_peifaieSmg l ive Pounds, as any One of hE Maje fly’s Juftic'es o f the Dt.iof fSf the faid ..County of./. untlngdon lhall direft : And in cafe-the fiid Ph>paetor:JDr Proprietors Audi, after Demand niade.by iheiaidSuft-eyor^jortjii^of thetn,

(■ vrv *3

537

47*GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 28.

negleft or rcfufe to reimburse and repay to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, all Colts, Charges, and Expences, as aforefaid ; and all'o the faid Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Then the fame, and every Part thereof, ihall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties fo refufing or neglefting as aforefaid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of His Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Huntingdon; which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required to grant and fuch Penalty or Penalties Ihall be paid to the faid refp.ftive Surveyor or Surveyors, who is and are hereby ordered and direfttd to lay out, apply, and difpofe of the fame, in and

out the Repair of the Highways, in the Parilh in which fuch Neglect or jC miflion Ihall happen.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners afting under, or by virtue of this Aft, from Time to Time, as they Ihall fee Occafion, to remove any Road Surveyor or Road Surveyors by them appointed, and to nominate and appoint any other Perfon or Perfons in his or their Room ; and in cafe of the Death of any fuch Surveyor or Surveyors as aforefaid, to appoint any other Perfon or Perfons in the Room of him or them fo dying ; and the Allowance of any Certificate of fuch new Road Surveyor or Surveyors, Ihall have the fame Effeft and Operation in rendering the Road or Roads certified and allowed Parilh Roads, as if the fame Road or Roads had been certified by the Road Surveyor or Road Surveyors originally appointed under the faid Aft, or this Aft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That when, and fo foon as any of the publick .Carriage Roads to be fet out in purfuance of the faid Aft, and this Aft, Ihall be completed, and put into good and fulEcient Repair, it Ihall be lawful for the Jultices of the Peace of and for the faid County of Huntingdon, at any fpecial Sellions or Meeting to be holden for the Purpofe, to declare fuch Road or Roads to be fully and fufficiently formed, completed, and repaired ; from which Time, and for ever thereafter, fuch Road or Roads Ihall be fupported and kept in repair by fuch Perfons, and in like Manner as the publick Roads now are, or ought, by Law, to be amended and kept in Repair.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted That the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners, when inrolled in manner direfted by the faid Aft, fhall be depofited in the Church Cheft of Great Stoughton aforefaid, and an attelled Copy thereof in the Church Cheft of Graffham aforefaid.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners Ihall, and they are hereby required to make an Extraft on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, of fo much of their Award as Ihall contain an accurate Defcription of the Allotment or Allotments fo to be made to His Majefty, or his Leflee together with fuch Regulations or Provifions relative to the faid Allotment or Allotments, or any other Rights or In-tcrefts, of His Majefty, or his Leflee, as may be contained in fuch Award; and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tranfmit the fanw to the Surveyor-General of His Majefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, within Twelve Months after the making and executing the Jaid Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

I\’wer *0 remove Road Surveyor-

Power for the Juftice* to declare anv of the Roads completed.

Award to be depofited in Ihe Parifh t-lunch of Great Staugh. ton, and an atteftril Copy in the Paiilh Church of Graffham. Commiffion-er» to make an Extraft of fo much of their Award, as * elate* to Hi* Maiefly , Ai-lotimnt, and to tranfmiuhe lame to the LandtOve. nue OSes,

tu. V Per.}

6U-X

XXXVII. And

538	47*	GEORGII lit. SdT.a. Chp. i8%

ers™a'iIu^v"* XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That each of the faid Commit ance. anjother fioners. and their Clerk, who Ihall act in the Execution of the Trulls and fheAit'* °f Powers veiled in them by this Adi, Ihall be paid the Sum of Two Pound* Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, for every E)ay he Ihall be employed in or about the Execution of this Adi, in fuli Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expenfes in the Execution thereof; and that the fame, together with all the Coils, Charges, and Expenfes, of palling this Adi, and the Colts and Charges of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclofed-, and alio of furveying, admeafuring, planning, and valuing the laid Home* Heads and ancient Lnclofures, and exonerating the lame from Tythes, and of preparing and inrolling the faid Award, or Inltrument of Allotments, and making fuch Copy thereof as aforefaid, and all other neceffary Ex-penfes about and concerning the faid Premifes, Ihall be borne and defrayed in a proportionable Rate by His Majelly, his Heire, or Succeflbrs, and his or their Lelfee or Leffees, and all other the Proprietors and Owners of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, and which Ihall be exonerated of Tythes by virtue of this Aft, except the faid Impropriators, and the faid Vicar of Great Staugbton and Rcftor of ^raffbdm aforefaid, refpeftively, in refpecl of their Reftorial and Vicarial Tythes, Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common, (if any,) in fuch Shares and Proportions, and Ihall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch Time or Times, as the faid Commiffioners Ihall, in and by any Writing* under their Hands, previous to making their Award, or by their Award* order, direct, or appoint.

Money ad. XXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That the Money, which Ihall be rtp^d with e advanced by any Perfon or Perfons, for the Purpofe of defraying the Interett.	Expences of applying for, and obtaining this Aft, or for carrying the

fame into Execution, Ihall be repaid, with lawful Interell, to the Perfon or Perfons advancing the fame, out of the firlL Monies to be railed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this AG.

*P- XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That Benjamin Weljlead, of Kimbolton tettMng ,h°er aforefaid, Gentleman, fhall be, and is hereby appointed Auditor of the Commiffi n- Commiffioners* Accounts : And in cafe of his Death, or Refufal to aft, eu. Accounts- fome other fit and proper Perfon, not interefted in the Premifes, Ihall be appointed Auditor for that Purpole, by the Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors prefent, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofc‘ of which the like Notice fhall be given, as is herein-btfore directed to be given of the Commiffioners’ Meetings, as often as Occafion Ihall require i And the Accounts of the faid Commiffioners containing a true Statement of all Sums by them received and expended, or due to them, for their own Trouble or Expences, Ihall, at leafl once in every Year, from the palling of this Aft, until fuch Account Ihall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined by the faid Auditor; and the Balance by him Hated in the Book of Accounts to be- kept in the Office of the Clerk to the Commiffioners; and that no Charge or Item in fuch Account Ihall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unlefs the fame Ihall be duly allowed by the faid Auditor- as aforefaid.	    _	.

graved, may XL. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon 6r- Perfc-ns Ihall appeal to ttie think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved, by any Thing done-id

Q.unr tr Sc - purfu;ince 0f tfie faid Aft of die Forty-firlt Year of His prefent Majelly, or

9	”	of

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Gkf.2%.	539

of this Aft, (other than and except fuch Claims, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed or authorized to be afeertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, and alio except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiflioncrs, as are, by the faid Aft, or this Aft, direfted to be final or conclufive) ; then, and in every fuch Cafe, he, flic, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Selfions of the Peace, which lhall be holden for the faid County of Huntingdon, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint lhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commilfioners, or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Twenty-one Days’ Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof: And the Jullices, (not interelled in the Premifes,) in their faid General Quarter Selfions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order and award fuch Colls and Damages, as to them, in their Difcretion, lhall feem reafonable ; and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Colls and Damages which lhall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, alter dedufting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant,

Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Jullices lhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and lhall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler, or elsewhere : And in cafe fuch Appeal lhall appear to the faid Jullices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, the faid Jullices fiall' award fuch Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them, in their Difcretion, lhall feem reafonable.

XLI. Saving always, to the King’s moll Excellent Majelly, his Heirs Gcneral Siy4 and Succeffors, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic ln£‘ and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Ad-miniftrators, and Afligns, (other than and except the feveral Perfons claiming Lands, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interells in the faid Commonable Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof; and alfo His Majelly, his Fleirs, and Succeffors, and his or their Leifee or Leffees, and the feveral other Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments lhall be made in refpeft of the Interell or Property for which fuch Allotment lhall be made; and except fuch other Rights and Interells of His Majelly, his Heirs, and Succeffors, and his or their I.effec or I.effees, and other Perfons, as the Intent and Purpofe of the Inclofure hereby authorized, lhall require to be abfolutely barred, deftroyed, or extinguilhed by this Acl), all, fuch Eftates, Rights, and Interells, as they, every, or any of them, had, or enjoyed, of, into, or in refpeft of the faid Lands hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, before the pafting of this Aft, or could, or might have had or enjoyed, if tins Aft had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Aft: lhall be printed by the To,J5 Print“1 Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majelly; and a Copy thereof fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Jullices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelly. 1807,

i |	-	.

•	i'	i	_>-• i y.~	isd	<rai

;-o	I	'

i ,	■	;	>'	>	•	.

.1	V!:>	I	-*	.!.*£	sjL	cit'.	{avM	i	•» odl

•	.	t;	j

• i i. j"' ■ i’ J	a	•>

t	I	:

t..	.	.	•	.	:

f>	i	,	ii.	i.	it	>	tomil) t

ii	1	;	,«	...	i	ki	)	<1-	.	iftsi.	■:

J	..	;	\	,	i:	.-	.ul) -.1 ...	_	.J.i	:	-v. .'t Jn.ii

:	•	'	AJr'. r

,■ >• )

: , ' ■ ' '. ’>

r	.	if	•.	j	!	:

J	/I	H	<	-	■	•

\	j	x	j	r	u.	3	.

; ' ■ ~ : •. .1

1 fetev .*	-’V-I'

,■	v.	/	j	i	• )

1	(*	'	I	.10



i. -i	I	ca	.j

• w	.3	it

.. •

5 ti jiJKaf

■

■

.

. .

*

■

■ ■

- : -

" ■ . . ;



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

Self 2.

*****************************************************

Cap. 29.

An Ad: for amending, rendering more effedual, and continuing Parts of an Ad of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glafgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleaning the Streets, and other Purpofes in the faid Ad mentioned.	[	i	ft	Auguft	1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft patted in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth

Years of the Reign ot His prefent Majeflv, intituled. An Ad £5t0,',&4° for extending the Royalty of the City of Glafgow over certain e°’3* adjacent Lands ; for paving ligbting,and cleanfing the Streets \ for regulating the Police, and appointing Officers and Watchmen ; for dividing the City into Wards, and appointing Commiffiioners; and for raifing Funds and g ving certain Powers to the Magiftrates and Council and Town and Dean of Guild Courts, for the above and other Purpf-s: And whereas the Provifions 01 the faid Aft, which have been carried into Execution, have produced the molt beneficial Confequences to the faid City and Inhabitants thereof, parti u-larly thofe Parts which relate to the Divifion of the faid City into Diftrifts or Wards, the Appointment of Commiffioners for the faid Wards, and of Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, and the laying on and levying of the Affefltnrnt therein direfted. and hereinafter fpecified, which Parrs of fhe faid Aft are now near expiring: And whereas, it is of great Importance, and will promote the Secuiity, Comfort, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the faid City, that thofe Parts of the faid Aft above reefed, which are not perpetual, fhould be continued, and the fame, and other Parts [Lee. id Per.]	6	2	thereof

«

546	47* GEORG II III. Seff. 2. Cap. 29.

thereof amended : But as thefe I’urpofes cannot be accomplifhed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jelly that it may be enacted ; and be it enafttd by the King’s molt Excellent M jefty, bv and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commont, in this prefent Parliament afltmbled, and by the Authority of the lame, That, from and after the palling ot this Act, and in order to facilitate and aflift the Execution thereof, the faid City flrall be divided into feparate Wards or DiftricT, and Commiflioners thereof appointed in Manner herein afttr mentioned ; and the faid City is herebv accordingly divided into the following Wards, or Diftrtfts, Firft Ward. videlicet, the Flrft Ward comprehending the North Side of Trcngt.ti Street from the Crofs to Candleriggs Street, the Ealt Side of that Street from Trcngate Street to Bell Street, the South Side of that Sireet from Candle-riggs St, ect to'High Street, and the Weft Side of that Street from the Crofs Second Ward. (0 Bell Street, with all the intermediate Lanes and Bu;l.ings: 1 he Second Ward, comprehending the Weft Side of High Street from Bell Street to Grammar School Wynd, the North Side of Bell street from / igh Sti eet to Candleriggs Street, the South Side of Grammar School Wynd and ot Cannon Street ftom High Street 'o Candleriggs Street, a d the Eat! Side of that Street lrom Cannon treet to Je//S/r^/,withalltheintermedia c Lanes jnd buildings: The Third Ward. Third ard, comprehending the Weft Side of High Street fiom Grammar School Wynd 10 George Street, the North Side ot Grammar School Wynd and of Cannon Street,and of Ingram Strcetirom high Street to John Street, trie -.outh Side ot George Street from High Street to j ohn Street, and the Luff Side of that Street from George Street to Ingram Street, with all the intermediate Fourth Ward. Streets, Lanes, and Buildings : The Fourth Ward, comprehending the Weft Side of High Street from George Street to Rottcnrow Strut, the North Side oi George Street lrom High Street to John . treet, the "'outh Side ot Rotten-raw Street from High Street to John Street, and the Eaft side ot that Street from Rot'cn ow Street to George Street, with all the inter ediate Streets, Fifth Ward. Lanes,and Buildings: The Filth Ward, comprehending the North S deof Trcngate Street ftonr Candleriggs Street to Glasfora Street, the A elt Side of Candleriggs St i ect fr< mTrongatc Street to Ingram Street, the South 'ideot that Street from Candleriggs Street to Glasford Street, and the b aft Side of that St ret t lrom IngramStreet to TrongateStreet, with all ih~ in terrnediateStrteis, Sixth Ward. Lanes, and Buildings : The Sixth Ward, comprehending the North bide of Argyll Street from Glasford Street to Bluetn Street, the Weft Side of Glafsford Street frorri Argyll Street to Ingram Street, the South Side ot that Street from Glafsford Street to SJueen Street, and the Eaft Side of that Street from Ingram Street to Argyll Street, with all the intermediate Seventh Wan! Streets, Lanes, and Buildings: The Seventh Ward, comprehending the North Side of lng-am Street from John Street to Sfeen Street, the Weft Side of John Street from Ingram Street to Rottenrow Street or Lane, the South Side of that Lane from John Street to the Road to Cowcaddens, and the Eaft Side of Queen Street, and of the faid Road tc Cowcaddens from Ingram Street to the faid Lane, with all the intermediate Streets, Lanes, Eighth Ward, and Buildings: The Eighth Ward, comprehending the North Side of Argyll Street from Queen Street to the Boundary ot the Royalty in that Direction, and the Weft Side of S>ucen Street, and of the Road to Cow-eaddens from y.Irgyll Street to the Bridge on that Road over Saint Enoctft Burn, with all the Streets, Lanes, and Buildings within the Royalty to the North and Weft of thefe Lines; andalfoall thole Parts of the Royalty

fituated

547

47° GEORG 11 IIL Seff. 2. Cap. 29.

fituated to the Weft of the Road from the aforefaid Bridges to Port Dun-das on the Cana), and to the Weft and South-weft of the Canal ': The Ninth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Trongate Street from the Ninth Ward. Crofs to King Street, the Weft Side of Saltmarket Str et from the Croft to Prince's Street, the North Side of that Street from Salt market Street to King Street, and t e haft Side of that Street from Trongate Street to Prince's Street, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: 1 he • enth Tenth Ward-Ward, comprehending the Weft Side ot Saltmarket Street from Prince s Street to the Green Dyke, the South Side of Prince's St/cet from Salt-market Street to King Street, and the haft Side ot that Street, and of Slaughterhouse L.cne from Prince's Street to the Green Dyke, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Eleventh Ward, comprehending Eleventh the South Side of Trongate Street, from King Street to New IVynd, the Wari1-Weft Side of King Street and of Slaitgblerbouje Lane, from Trongate Street to the Green Dyke, and the Eaft Side of New IVynd from T ongate Street to Bridgegate Street, with all the Intermed ate Lanes and Buildings; and ilfo the South Side of Bridgegate• Street from Slaughterlmi/e Lane to the Old Bridge over the River Clyde, and all the 1 .anes ,and Buildings betwixt that Part of Bridgegate Street and the River; the Twehth Twelfth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Trongate Street from New 'VarJ*

Wynd to Old Wynd, the Weft: Side of New IVynd from Trongate Street to Bridgegate Street, the North Side of that Street from New Wynd to Old IVynd, and the Eaft Side of Old IVynd from Trongate Street to Bridge-gate Street, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings : The Thirteenth Thirteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Trongate Street from Old IVynd v,r*rii-to Stockwell Street, the Weft Side of Old Wynd from Trongate Street to Bridgegate Street, the Eaft Side of Stockwell Street from Trongate to Bridge-gate Street, and the North Side of that Street from Stockwell otreet to Old Wynd, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildi gs: The Fourteenth Fourteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Argyll Street from Stockwell W4rd-Street to Maxwell Street, the Weft Side of Stockwell Street from Arg)U Street to Clyde Street, the North Side of that Street from Stockwell Street to the Line of Maxwell Street, and the Eaft Side of that Street from Argyll Street Southward, and of a Line continued in the fame Direction to Clyde Street, with ail the intr rmediate Streets, Lanes, and Buddings;

The Fifteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Argyll Street and Fifteenth of Anderjlon Road, from Maxwell Street to the Boundary of the VV-uJ-Royalty, the Weft Side of Maxwell Street from Argyll Street Southward, and of a Line continued in the lame Direction to Clyde Street, with ail the Stretts, Lanes, and Buildings within the Royalty, fituated to the South and Weft of thefe Two Lines : The Sixteenth Ward, comprehend- Sixteenth ing the Eaft Side of Saltmarket Street from the Crofs to Saint Andrew's w rJ-Street, the North Side of that Street to .the Burn, and the South S.de of Gallon-gate Street from the Crols to the Burn, with all the Lants and Buildings fituated betwixt thefe Lines and the Burn: The Seventeenth sP»tnteenth Ward, comprehending all Sides of Saint Andrew's Square, with (he Lanes Ward, and Buildings betwixt that Square and the Green Dyke, the South Side of Saint Andrew's Street, and the Eaft Side of Saltmarket Street from Saint And ew’s Street to the Greer Dyke, with all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Eighteenth Ward, comprehending the South Side of Gal- Ei.hteentli low-gate Street from the Burn to Saint Mungo's Lane, both Sides of Char- ward* lotte Street, and all the other Lanes and Buildings betwixt the Burn and

54B

Ninreenth

Ward.

Twentieth

Ward.

Twenfy-firlV

Waid.

Twrntv-fecond Ward.

Tw's'y-third

Ward.

Twmty-luiuth WarJ.

CommilfioK. ers may alter Wards.

Refident C«m-ra flioi’ers tike appointed-

470 G E O R GII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 29.

the Grounds belonging to Saint Andrew's Square on the Weft, and Saint Mungo's Lane on the Eaft: The Nineteenth Ward, comprehending the North Side of Gallowgate Street from the Crofs to Spout mouth Lane, the Weft Side of that Lane to the Foot of the Old Vennal, the Eaft Side of High Street from the Crofs to the Head of Old Vennal, and the South Side of that Vennal till it join Spoutmoutb I ane, whh all the intermediate Lanes and Buildings: The Twentieth Ward, comprehending the Eaft Side of Spoutmoutb Lane from Gallowgate Street to the College Grounds, and the North Side of Gallowgate Street from that Lane to the New Road from Gallowgate Street to Drygate Bridge, with all the Streets, Lanes, and Buddings to the North of that Part of Oallowgate Street and b-twix1 that Street and the College Grounds: The Twenty-firft Ward, comprehending the North Side of Old Vennal, the Eaft Side of High Street from that Vennal to Duke Street, and the South Side of Duke Street from High Street to the Burn, with all the intermediate Lanes and ffuiidincs, and aifo the Lanes and Buildings within the Royalty to the Eaft of the Burn and to the North of the College Grounds, including the Parts about Drygat. Bri ge. Lady Well, and both Sides of the Road towards Cartyne Eaftvard, to the Boundary of the Royalty : The Twenty-fecond Ward, comprehending the North Side of Duke Street from High Street to the Burn, the Eaft Side of High Street from Duke Street to Drygate Street, and alfo the Eaft Side of Kirk Street to Caftle Street, and of C a file Street and of Howga'e, and the Road to Edinburgh by Kirkintilloch, to the Boundary of the Roy-dty in that Direftioil, and the Weft S'de of the Burn from Duke Street Northward, with all the intermediate Strtets and Buildings, and whole Royalty, fituated to the North thertoi, and to the Eaft of the faid Road : 'J he Twenty-third Ward, comprehending the Weft Side of Kirk Street, from Rottenrow Street Northward, and of Caftle Street and Hcwgne, ard the Road to Edinburgh by Kirkintilloch, to the Boundary of the Royalty in- that Direftion ; the North dde of Rotten-row Street, and the Lane continued from it Weftward, to the Cowcaddent Road\ and the Eaft Side of that Road Northward, and of the Road to Port Duridas on the Canal, to the Boundary of the Royalty in that Direfition ; with all the intermediate Lanes, Buildings, and Grounds, and the whole Royalty to the Weft of the faid Kirkintilloch Road, and the North and Eaft of the faid Canal: The Tw enty-fourth Ward, comprehending the Eaft Side of Saint Mungo's Lane, the South Side of Gallowgate Street, from that Lane to oppofite the faid Road from that Street to Dry• gate Bridge, and both Sides of Gallowgate Street, from thence to Camlachte, or the Boundary of the Royalty in that Direction, inducting Craignejlock, and the other Streets and Buildings adjacent, and within the Royalty.

II. Provided always, and be it enatted. That it fhall be lawful to and in the Power of the Lord Provoft and Magiftrates of the faid City, and the other Commiffioners herein after-named and appointed, to alter, vary, add to, or ditninifh the faid Wards, or any of them, in luch Manner as the State of the Population thereof, or other Circumftances fhall to the faid Magiftrates and other Commiflioners appear from Time to 'lime to require.

Ill	And be it enafied, That a CommifBoner refiding within his own Diftrift or Ward, qualified and deified in Manner her,-in-afier direfled,

fhall

549

4.7" GE ORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 29.

fliall be appointed in each of the faid Wards, with Power to him to take Lifts of Perfons refiding within his own Ward.

IV.	And be it enabled, That the faid Commifiioners, who are not CommWTcn.^

continued in Office in Manner herein-after provided, (hall be elefted on	0

the lad Monday of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feven, by

a Majority of Votes of the Occupiers of Dwelling Houfes, Shops, Ware-houfes, and other Buildings within the refpedtive Wards, valued in Manner herein affelled, atTenPounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent, out of the Number of Iloufeholders within the Diftrift or Ward, whofe Dwelling Houfes, exclufive of thofeParts occupied as Shops or Warehoufes,are valued in Manner aferefaid, according to the following Rental; videlicet, In Wards where there are Fifteen Houfeholders qualified as aferefaid, whofe Dwelling Houfes, exclufive of thofe Parts occupied as Shops or Warehoufes, are valued in Manner aforefaid at Thirty Pounds Sterling and upwards of vrarly Rent, the Commiffioner Hr fuch Ward fhall be chofen from the Houfeholders of the above Defcription, and no Pcrfon or Perfons, in fuch Wards, whole yearly Rent fo valued does not amount to the faid Sum, fhall be eligible to the faid Office : In Wards where there are not Fifteen Houfeholders qualified as aforefaid, but where there are Fifteen Houfeholders, whole Dwelling Houfes, exclufive of thofe Parts occupied as Shops or Warehoufes, are valued in Manner aforefaid at Twenty-five Pounds Sterling and upwards of yearly Rent, the Commiffioner for fuch Ward fliail be elected from the c.lafs lafl mentioned : In Wards where there are not Fifteen Houfeholders qualified as aforefaid, but where there are Fifteen Houfeholders, whofe Dwelling Houfes are valued in Manner aforefaid at Twenty Pounds Sterling and upwards, the Commiffioner for fuch Ward fhall be defied from the Clals L.ft mentioned : In Wards where there are not Fifteen Houfeholders qualified as aforefaid, but w here there are Fifteen Houfeholders, whofe Dwelling Houfes are valued in Manner aforefaid at Fifteen Pounds Sterling and upwards, the Commiffioner for fuch Ward fhall be elected from the Clal's lalt mentioned : Provided always, that in Wards where there are not Fifteen Houfeholders fo qualified, the Co.nmiffioners thereof may be defied out of the Number of thofe whole Dwelling Houfes are valued in Manner aforefaid at Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent; and where Dwelling Houfes and Shops are contiguous, and are polieflrd by toe fame Perfon, that One Half of the aggregate Rent of the whole Polldlion lhall be accounted Iioufe, and the other Half Shop Renr.

*	.	j;!t	t

V.	And be it enacled. That the faid Votes fliall be given in each Ward Manner of fepaiatdy, by written Notes or Tickets fubferibed by the Voters, fpe- ^'mmiflion cifying their Names, Defoliations, and Qualifications, and containing ers.

the Names and Indignations of the Perfons voted for, put into Boxes prepared for the Purpofe, on the Day appointed foi each Eleflion, which Brxes the Lord^Provoff, Magiftrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener of the 1 rades ot the City, and the other Commiffioners hereinafter appointed and continued in Office, fhall, and they are hereby au- , thorizeJ and required to prepare in fuch Form as to them fhall feem expedient, and to put up One of thefe Boxes in fuch Place, within each Ward, as to them fhall feetn proper, and of which they fhall give Eight ILoc. if Per.]	6 Z	Days

|5<3	47° GEORG 11 III. &£ 2. Capl 2Q;

Days previous Notice by Advertifement, in Two or mere of the Glafgow Newfpapers, in order that all concerned may have Acctfs to put their Notes or Tickets into the fame, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock Forenoon, and Four of the Clock Afternoon of the Day of Eledlion, at which laft Hour the Election fha;l be cl'fed, and the Boxes removed, and afterwards opened, and the Votes ferutinized, and the Commiffioners declared by the faid Lord Provoff, Magifl rates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, and the faid other Commiffioners for the preceding Year, who (hall determine, by a Majority of Votes et their own Meeting, in all Cafes of Equality of Votes, for Commiffioners: Provided always, that when arty Perfon fhail have a Qualification in One Ward upon a Dwelling Houfe, and in another Ward upon a Shop, Warenoufe, or other Building, fuch Perfon fhail vote and act in refped of the Dwelling Houfe only ; and that where any Perlon fhail have Dwelling Houfes affording a Qualification in different Wards, fuch Perfon fhail Vote and act in refpect of the Houfe of greatefl Value only.

Pcna'tv on VI. And be it enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons not qualified voSwho t0 V°T as herein provided, fliall nevertheief- vote or attempt to vote at the suer.o	faid	Eledions, every Perfon fo offending fliall forfeit any Sum not exceed-

uu.mfi d. jnjr l<’jve Founds Sterling for each * ffence, tciics qucfics, which Forfeitures fhail be levied and applied, in'Manner hereinafter direded.

irCommit--	VII. And be it enacted, That in cafe any of the faid Commifficners,

uame^ and eleded in Manner aforefaid, fliall refufe or regltct to accept the Office, and. fubferibe an Acceptance accordingly, .cn bein : required fo to-do by the Lord Provoit, Magiftrates, ,■ and oilier Commiffioners herein appointed; or if any ol the laid Commiffioners, fo named and eleded,/ball die, or fliall ceafe to rsfide within the VVaids t>r Diftrids for which they are eluded, their Places which have thereby become vacant fhail be fupplied- by thofe qualified in Manner dCiefaid,- and elected in Manner after jneutioned.

Supplying V*- VIII. And be it enacted. That when the Place of any the Commiflion-E'nViniiton-8 eTS fh<ll become vacant, the Lord Proved!, or in his Abfence the next •ri.	Senior Magiffrate prelent in the City, fliall, within Fourteen Days alter

fuch Vacancy or Vacancies may, happen, advertife in Planner before directed, an Election or Elections, to be made in Manner before appointed, not more than Four Days after the 2'ublication of die Advertife-ments, in order to choofe a Commifiioner or Commiffioners (qualified i in Manner aforefaid) to fupply the faid Vacancy or Vacancies : Provided always, that notwithftanding his or their Removal to another Ward, fuch: Commiffioners, if Itill refident within the City, may, if the Majority of the other Commiffioners approve, continue, and have Power to ad as Commiffioners for the Wards for which they w'ere formerly elected, till the then next annual Eledion of Commiffioners.

Difp<"e<l	IX.	And	be it enaded, That in cafe any Difptite or Difference fhail

hottMo b«an"’ ar‘^e’ relal‘ve either to the Qualifications of die Eledors, or of the Perfons decided. * cleded, the fame fhail be determined by the faid Lord Provoft, Magiflrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, a ’d the other Commiffioners, whole 61	a	Determination,

55*

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 29.

Determination, or a Majority of them prefent, in all Cafes (hall be final and binding on all Perfons concerned.

X.	And be it enafted, That in cafe the Electors of any of the find Wards {hall refufe or neglect to elect Commiflioners for the fame, either upon the Paid laft Monday of Augujl One thoui'and eight hundred and feven, or upon any other Day appointed by Authority of this Act, for electing Commiflioners to upply Vacancies, that then, and in fuch Cafes, it {hall be lawful for, and in the Power of the faid Lord Pro-volt, Magiftrates, and other Commiflioners herein after appointed, who {hall have accepted their Offices, to nominate and appoint Commiflioners, qualified in Manner before directed, for the faid Ward, for which Elections have not been made; and thefe Perfons, when fo nominated and appointed, {hall have and enjoy the fame Powers and Privileges, both as Coinmiflion-ers of Wards, and as Commiflioners for executing this Act, and (hall remain the fame Time in Office, as if they had been elected by the Pofleffors of Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes and other Buildings in their rel'peftive Wards, in the Manner herein firff. directed.

XI.	And be it enacted, That the Lord Provofl and Five Baillies, the Dean of Guild, and the Deacon Convener of the Trades of the faid City, and the Commiflioners of the faid Twenty.four Wards, ffiall be, and are hereby appointed Commiflioners for affeffing, levying, and applying the Monies herein-after directed, to be raifed for the Purpofes of this Acr, for naming and appointing the Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers to be employed in the Execution thereof, for fixing their Salaries, for regulating the Manner of . watching, guarding, and pa rolling the Streets, for eftabliftimg Rules and Regulations foi the Direction ami Government of the Lid VVatchmen, and for executing the other Matters fpecified in this Act, and committed to their Charge.

XII.	And whereas, it isneceffary that the faid Commiflioners of Wards Ihould remain in Office for fuch Period, as to enable them to acquire Experience and Knowledge of the Bufinefs hereby entrufted to them ; be if therefore enacted, That the Commiflioners who were chofen and appointed un. er the faid recited Act, and who are at prefent acting in that Capacity, {hail remain in Office till the laft Monday of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feven, when Eight of them {hall, as being difqualified front Seniority, go out of Office, and Eight other Commiflioners, qualified and elected in Manner aforefaid, {hall be chofen to fupply their Places; and that on the laft Monday of July One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and on the laft Monday of July annually thereafter, Eight of the fenior Commiflioners (hall be difqualified and go out of Office by Rotation, and Eight other Commiflioners, qualified and elefted in Manner aforefaid, iliall be chofen to fupply their Places, fo that there may be an Ele&ion ot Eight Commiflionerj each Year, and no more, except for fupplying Vacancies.

XIII.	Provided always, That Perfons difqualified in Manner aforefaid, may be immediately le-elefted into Office in the Option of their Confti-tuents, in which cafe they {hall come in as the youngeft Commiflioners, and {hall be inrolled as fuch accordingly.

Ele&ors neg-

le&ine or refilling to elect Commif-fion.rs, hoi» they are to be appointed.

Com million-ei s for exe-cutin* the Act appointed.

Elections of Commidion-

CIS.

Commiflioners may be

re-ele£tcd.

XIV. And

Surveyor* to

k Lilts uf kledors.

Surveyor to fturniUi Lilts.

Quo? urn of Coni niilion-er».

Commifljon-ers to !>c fuarmoned*

Meetings of the Ct-mmif-liorers to be held.

4fGEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 29.

XIV.	And be it enacted. That the Surveyor to be appointed in virtue of this Aft, MU and he is hereby authorized and required, within On® Month after he is elefted, to make up exact Lids of the Perfons in the refpective Wards, who are qualified in Mannerafortfaid, to elector to he elected Commiflioners; which Lilts lha.ll be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and final I be open and patent to the Infpection of all Parties intereded at all reafonable Times; and the laid Surveyor fhall, from Time to Time, alter and amend the laid Lifts according as the Cir-cumltances and Situation of the Perfons capable of electing, or being elected, may from Time to Time alter or vary.

XV.	And be it enacted, That the faid Surveyor final?. Ten Days previous to every Election of Commiflioners, deliver to the faid Lord Provoft, or,in his Abfence, to the next fenior Magiftrate prefent in the City, the Rental Book for the preceding Year, with an additional authentic Lift, fubferibed bv him, of the Electors and of thole capable of being elected Commiflioners ; which Books and Lift fhall contain the Nanus of all the Perfons, in each of the Wards of the faid City, in which an Election is to take place, capable of fo electing or being elected, and final! at all reafonable Times be patent to any Commitlioner requeding to infpeft the lame.

XVI.	And be it enacted. That any Seven of the faid Commiflioners fhall be a Quorum, for tranfacting ordinary Bufinefs, but that no Monev fhall be aflefled or voted for, and that neither the Servants, Clerks, Watchmen, or oiher Officers, fhall be appointed, nor Salaries fixed, except at Meetings at w hich there fhall be prefent a Majority of the Ccm-miflioners w ho have accepted their faid Offices.

XVII.	Provided a!fo, and be it enacted, That the whole Commiflioners refldetit in the City at the Time, fhall be cited perfonally or at their Dwelling-houfes, by written or printed Sumtr.or.fes, to attend all Meetings of the laid Commiflioners, and that the Lo:d Provofl, and, in his Ah fence, the next fenior Magidrate prefenr, and in Abfence of a'l the Magidrates, a Perfon to be chofen by the Meeting, fhall prefide at all Meetings of the laid Commiflioners, and (hall have both a deliberative and a cafling Vote in all Mattersaud Queltions which fh ill come before them.

XVIII.	And be it enafted, That Four Quarterly Meetings of the faid Magidrates and other Commiflioners fhall be held w'ithin the Police Office, or at luch other Place within the City, as Iliad be appointed by the faid Magidrates and other Commiflioners, on the lad Monday in the Months of February, May, Augujl, and November, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, for putting this Aft, and the Powers hereby committed to them, in Execution (beginning thole Meetings on the I aft Monday of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feven) and that the Lord Provoft, and in his Abfence the next ftnior Magiftrate, of the faid City, aft;ng for the Time, fhall caufe the Whole of the faid Commiflioners relidcnt at the Time in the City, to be fummoned to attend the Paid (Quarterly Meetings perfonally, or at their Dwelling-houfes, by written or printed Summonles, at kalt Twenty-four Hours previous to the T ine of Meeting.

XIX. And

47° GEORG 11 IIT. Sefll 2. Cap. 29.	553

XIX.	And be it enacted,That befides the Four Quarterly Meetings be-fore-mentioned, Weekly Meetings of the faid Magillrates, and other Com- btlielllf* mitiioners, (hall be held, for the Purpoles of this Aft, and particularly for the Purpofeof ordering Payment of the Wages and Salaries of the inferior Officers and Servants, appointed under this Aft, for inquiring into their Conduct and Behaviour, and lor reprimanding or difmiffing fuch of them as may have acted improperly, for inquiring into the State of the Lamps, and the C onduft of the Contractor or Contractors for lighting the fame, for hearing and giving Reports of the State of the refpeftive Wards, in point of Cleanlinefs, and tor other finvlar Purpofes connected with the general good Order of the Police within the laid City ; and fuch Weekly Meetings Hull be held, upon any Day, which (hall be appointed by the Majority of the f.iid Magiftrates, and other Commiffioners, and the faid Magiftrates, and other Commiflioners, upon fuch Day being fixed, are required to attend the faid Weekly Meetings, without any Summons or Warning.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Rules or Regulations R,1,es dial I be adopted, or carried into Execution, at the faid Weekly Meetings, Meair^not which (hall tend to alter or annul any Regulations, which may have been t<>annul ihofe made and framed at any of the Quarterly Meetings.	teriy liett-*'

XXL And be It enacted, That the faid Commiflioners, or a Majority Meetings may of them, prefent at any of the faid Meetings, may adjourn to the beadjourned, lame or any other Place within the laid City, which they may think neceflary or proper for executing the Powers vefted in them by this Act.

XXII.	And be it enacted. That the Lord Provoft, and in his Abfence Other Meet-the next fenior Magiftrate, of the faid City, acting for the Time, (hall upon cafled"*' b* Requifirion being made to him, under the Hands of any Four of the faid Commiflioners, appoint Meet ngs of the faid Commiflioners to be held

within Forty-eight Hours of fuch Requifition, and to caufe the whole Commiflioners to be fummoned to attend the faid Meetings in Manner aforefaid ; and it fhall be in the Power of the faid Lord Provoft, and in his Abfence of the next fenior Magiftrate of the faid City, acting for the Time, to appoint other Meetings of the faid Commiflioners, to be held at fucii Times and Places within the faid City, as may to him feem neceflary cr exped ent for the above Purpofes, the whole Commiflioners being always fummoned to attend thofe Meetings in Manner aforefaid.

XXIII.	And in order to raife a Fund for defraying the Expence of the Fund t«b« F.ftablilhment of a Mafter of Police, Superintendant of Fire Engines, ra;fid* Colleftor, Treafurer, Clerks, Servants, Firemen, Watchmen, and"other

proper Officers, and for the other neceflary Purpofes of this Aft; be it enafted. That the faid Lord Provoft and Magiftrates, and other Com-nvffioners herein after named, fhall be, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon the lalt Monday mAuguJl annually, beginning upon the l ift Monday in Augujt One thoufand eight hundred and leven, to a fiefs upon all Renters, Occupiers, or Pofleifors of Dwelling Houfes,

Cellars, Shops. Warehoufes and other Buildings and Pertinents thereof, within the laid City and Royalty, fubjeft to Payment of Cefs or Land 'lax, and rented or valued at Four Pounds and under Six Pounds U.cc o Per.]	7	A	13	Sterling

$54-

Rfcoverr of Kite*.

470 GEORG 11 III. Seflf.2. Cap.io.

Sterling yearlv, an annual Affeffinent not exceeding Five-pence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the laid Subjects, rented or valued at $:x Pound? and under Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, an annusi Affeffment not exceeding Seven-pence Halfpenny in tire Pound Sterling ; on the yearly Rent of the laid Subjects, rented or valued at Ten Pounds and under fifteen Pounds Sterling yearly, sn annual Afeffment not exceeding Eleven-pence Fa'thing in the Pound Sterling yearly; and on the yearly Rent of the ftid Subjects, rented or valued at Fifteen Pounds Sterling yearly or upwards, an annual AfTefTmenc not exceeding One Shilling and 1 hree-pence in the Pound Sterling ; and foin Proportion for leffer Sums, as the fame fhall (land rated in the Rent Roll, according to which the Cefs or Land Tax is levied and collected, or (in the Option of the faid Magiftrates and other Commiihoners) in the Rent Roll, according to which the Duty on Dwelling Houfes is levied and collected, cr partly from the One and partly from the other of the laid Rent Rolls, as to the faid Magiffratcs and Coininiilioners may feem expedient ; or fo much of the faid Sums as the faid Magiffrates and Commiffioners fhall judge neceffarv to afl’efs and lay on for the laid Service at the Time, which annual Affeffinent (hall be calculated lor ihe current Year, fr-.ni Whi fund art to Whitfunday annually, upon the aggregate or accumulated Krnt ot ea h Perfon’s Pofleflion, and IhaH be payable in the Proportions and at the Times to be appointed by the faid Magiffrates and Commiffioners, and flra 1 be levied and collected by the Perfon or Pcrfons appointed by the faid Magiffrates and Commiffioners, or a Ouo-rnm of them lor collecting of which Afleffmcnt fuch Allowance fhall be made as the faid Magiltrares and Commiffioners fhall judge proDer ; and the (aid Perfon or Pcflb: s appointed by the faid Magiffrates and Commiffioners, or a Qtrorutn of diem, are hereby empowered and required to levy, collect, and afterwards pay over the faid Affeffments to the faid Magiffrates and Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at luch Periods as they fhall appoint.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe the Particulars of ail the Tenements, fubjecl to Payment of the laid Affeffment (fuch as Shops or Warehouies) fhall not be contained in any of the faid Two Rent Rolls, that it fhall be lawful for and in the Power of the faid Ma-giffrates and other Commiffioners, to afeertain the yearly Rent or Value of thofe Tenements, and in cafe the faid Affeffment fhall not be laid on apd levied to the lull Amount of the Rates before fpecified, the fame Proportions on the different Gaffes of Rents Ihall lie obferved as is before fpecified, with regard to the aforelaid higheft Affeffments; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo rated and affefi'ed Ihall refufe or r.egled to pay the Rates or Affeffments charged upon him, her, or them, for the Space of Fourteen Da s next after fuch Rates or Affeffments fhall be due and demanded, and Notice given by general Advertifemens, in all the Glafpw Newfpapcrs, and by Tuck of Drum through ihe faid City, then and in fuch Cale it fhall be lawful for the faid Collector or Collectors to apply to any of ihe laid Magiffrates for a Warrant to any of their Officers, to enter his, her, or their Houl'e or Hmif-s and to feize and rake Pofleflion of his, her, 'o. their Goods and Effects, and •which Warrant the faid Magiffraid is hereby authorized to grant, upon a Certificate figued by the Collector or Collectors ot fuch Demand

having

555

4./® GEORGII III. SefiV2. Cap. 29.

having been made, of fuch Notice having been given, and of fuch Perfon or Perfons being in Arrear, to the Amount ftated in fuch Certificate; and if ft>ch Rates or Affeffment fhall not be paid within Three Davs next after fuch Seizure is made, together wiih r'ne Cofts or Charges thereby incurred, then the Colleftor or Colleftors is and are hereby authorized to fell by Public Roup, at the Crofs of GLfgovi* or fuch other Place as may appear proper, fuch Part of the laid Goods and Effects as fhall 'be fufficient to pay the faid Rates or AfTeffinents, with the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Seizure and Sale, returning the Surplus, if any be, to the faid Owner or Owners; the Cofts or Charges to be afeertained by the Magiltrate who fhall iffue the faid Warrant.

XXV.	And be it ena£ted,That the faid Magiftrates and other Commit-- Powrn of fioners heiein-before named and appointed fhall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their Quar- Commiffion-terly Meeting to be held on the lafl Monday of Auguft annually, to af- 'Jr’trmg'ani certain and lay on the AfTeffment to be levied from the Renters, Occu- ievyng pier% and Poffeffors of the Houfes, Cellars, Shops, Warehouses, and

other Buildings before deferibed, and alfo to afeertain the Sums of Money to be expended for the Purpofes of this Aft for the then current Year, and that it fhall not be lawful for nor in the Power of the faicl Com-Tniffioners, or any Perfon or Perfons afting .under their Authority, to levy or expend any Monies by virtue of this Aft, unlefs the fame fhall have been previoufly afleffed and laid on, and the Expenditure thereof voted bv the faid Commifiioners; and that the faid Magiftrate, and other Cnmmilfioners fhall he fub'eft to and liable in Payment of the faid Aflelfmems for the Houfes, Cellars, Shops, Warehoufes, and other Buildings rented or polieffed by them ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXVI.	Provided always. That Proprietors and Life-Renters fhall only be p^nvifort and liable in Payment of the faid AfTeffments for the Houfes, Cellars, Te.amsonly Shops, Warehoufes, and other BuiLings occupied and pofTeffed by them-

felves and’their Servants, but nor for thofe occupied and pofTeffed by their Tenants, from whom only the faid AfTeffments for their refpective Poflef-fions fhall be recovered in Manner aforefaid.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafled, That no Vintner, Inn-keeper* Exemptions Tavern-keeper, or Coffeehoule keeper, (hall be afTeffed in a higher Sum fr“"‘ annually, under the Authority of this Aft, than Ten Pounds Sterling

yearly, for the Houfes, Tenements, and Pertinents thereof poffeffed by him in the Way of his Bufinefs, whatever the Rent of his Poffeflions fhall be; and that no Affeffment fhall be levied for Gardens and arable Grounds lying within the faid City or Royalty thereof, or for emptv or wafle Houfes which are not occupied and pofTeffed by the Proprietors thereof, or by their Tenants.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted. That in cafe any Queftion or Difpute Ihall Qiifftiomasta arife relative to the Houles, Buildings, Cellars, Shops, and Warehoufes. ^ii. ms, which are claimed to be exempted from the afoiefaid AfTeffments, or rela- by M?gu!de<1 live to the Amount of the AfTeffments, or the Valuation of the faid Sub- '

556

CorrvnitfloB'

«*t‘ :*ny r.p-

pmnt f'ol-ltrfl ts or Treuiur us.

Boults to be kept.

Other Books to be kept.

4.70 G E O R G11 III. Ten; 2. Cap. 29.

jefts, and the Expence of cleaning the Foot Pavements and Clolls in the (aid City, that the fame (hail be determined by Decrees to be given under the Hands of the (aid Magiltrates, or any Two of them.

XXIX.	Andbcit enafted, That the faid Comm i (lion ers (hail have Power to appoint a Collector or Collectors, Trealurer or T reafurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers, for levying, receiving, and paying nwav the Monies to be railed bv virtue of this Aft, and for keeping their Book? and Records, and for other Purpoics aforeiaid, and to rent or hire a (efficient Office for holding their Meetings and trafficking th( ix Bufind's, and alfo to appoint fni’able Salaries to the (aid Collectors, Treafurers, or Clerks, and to agree for and pay a reafonable Rent (or the faid Office out of the faid F inds, and that the laid Colleftors or Treafurers (hall find fufli-crent Security to the faid Magiltrates arid other Commifliones for their _ refpedlive lntrotnifiions, with the Funds which they fliali be empowered to levy' and colleft.

XX X. And be it 'nafted. That a Book or Books (hall be prepared and kept by the fai l C'lmrtiiffiohers, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint, whftein fliali be fairly entered an Account of what Monies have been levied and paid by w tueof this Aft, and in what Manner 'he fame have been applied ; and that the faid Books fhall be regularly fitted and balanced yearly, on the (art Monday of July immediately preceding the Ele 'ion of the faid Conrniifiioners, the firft Balance to be (truck, iri the Year One thonfand eight hundred and eight, from which a State of the Payments and Difburfetnents for the preceding Year fliali be made out and printed! on or before the Second Monday of Augkft annually, after the Books are balanced, and a Copy thereof (hail he delivered to each of the Commiffioners, and the Members of the Town Council, Merchants and Trades Houfes, and fliali be 1 dged in the Council Chamber of the faid City, whtrp it (hall remain for Six Weeks, during which Time it fhall be open to the lnfpeftion of every Burgefs of the laid Citv, and other Perfon contributing to the aforeiaid Aifefiments, without Fee or Reward, and tbali alio be publifhed once in each of the Glafgoa, New!-papers.

XXXI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall keep, orcaufetobe kept, a Book or Books, in which fhall be engroffed, or written. Minutes .of all their Tranfactions, with the Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments paid to the laid Matter of Folic-, Superintendant of Fire Engines, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, Collectors, I reaTurer, and other Officers app inted by the (aid Commiffioners, which Book or Books fhall, at all reafonable Times be open to the lnfpeftion of everv Burgefs of the faid City, and Perfons contributing to the aforeiaid AfiefTments, who fhall and may perufe and infpeft the fame without Fee or Reward ; and that it fhall be competent to the Town Council, Merchants Houfe, a.nd Trades Houfe of the faid C ty, or any One of them, to bring Aftions againit the faid Commiffioners, or to the Commiffioners for the Time beiiig, gr a Majority of them, to bring Aftions againft their Predeceflors in Office, before the Courts of Seflion or Exchequer in Scotland, in cafe jhp/ fjgtjl ejnjjezzle, fquander, or niifapply any of the Funds v tiled in them by virtue of this Aft, provided that fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be

commenced

557

4"0 GEORG 11 III. SciT.2. Caf. 29.

commenced within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence profecutcd for (hall be alledged to have been committed.

XXXII.	And be it enabled, That the Monies to be ratfed by virtue of Monies veftea this Aft, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Magillrates

and other Commiffioners to be named and appointed in Manner herein how to be riirefted, and thar all fuch Monies fliali be applied, laid out, and expended at’FlieJ* in defraying the Eflablifhment of Mafter of Police, Superintendant ot Fire Engines, Colltftor, Treafurer, Clerks, Surveyor, Firemen, Servants,

Watchmen, and other Officers to be appointed in virtue of this Aft, and to the other Purpofes committed to the faid Cornmillioners by this Aft, and to no other Purpofes whatever ; and in cafe any furplus Monies (hall remain, afrer properly executing the Purpofes aforefaid, upon fettling the Accounts thereof at the End of each Year, the fame (hall be applied towards the fame Purpofes for the Year following, fo that the afortfaid Afleffments (hall be thereby proportionally diminiihed.

XXXIII.	And be it enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to the faid °flcrt I.ord Provolt, Magiftrates, and other Cornmillioners herein named, and and other they are hereby empowered and required to appoint a Mailer of Police, Oflkeistohe Stipet intendanr of Fire Engines, Clerk, Colleftor, Treafurer, and fuch a*,lKJl,ue“*

a Number of Officers of Police and Firemen as m iy feem to them to be proper, during their Pleafure, to aft under the Authotity and Orders of the faid Magillrates, or any One of them, for executing the Matters com-mitted to them by this Aft, and for regulating the Police, and for preferring good Order and Peace in the faid City.

XXXJV. And be it enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful for the faid surveyor and Lord Provolt, Magiftrates, and other Cornmillioners herein named, and uappoTn-ed? they a. e hereby authorized and required, to nominate and appoint a Surveyor or .Surveyors for the Purpofes mentioned in this Aft, and alfo to appoint fuch a Number of Watchmen as they ffiall judge neceftary, for guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets of the faid City, in fuch Manner, and under fuch Rules and Regulations, as to the faid Magiftrates and other Commiiaoners fnail appear proper and expedient.

XXXV. And tie it enafted, That the faid Lord Provofl and Magiftrates Mafler of ffiall have Power, and they arc hereby authorized, to appoint the faid officers"^ Mailer of Police, anc! other Officers to be named by them, and the other be madVspe-Commiffioners as aforefaid, Special Conftables, for the Putpofe of attend- c'<> Con (table* ing the laid Magiftrates, and executing the Warrants or Sentences to be pronounced by them, in virtue of this Aft, and for the Other Purpoffis of At** this Aft, and with all the Powers belonging to Conftables by the Law of Scotland.

XXXVI. And be it enafted. That the public Streets, and Squares, public Scavengers t* Paffages, and principal Places, and alfo the Foot Pavrments within the faiil >utet5» City (provided it ffiall appear expedient to the faid Magiftrates and other Commiffioners to take charge of the cleaning of the laid Foot Pavements) ffiall be fweeped and cleanfed by Pei fons to be hired by the faid Magif-tr-tes anJ other Commiffioners herein named, in Manner her in direfte i, and that the Expence thereof ffiall be defrayed from the rued- provided by this Aft.

[Lac. & Per.]	7	B

XXXVII. And

5SB

Scavengers tQ be ipgointed.

Dutyof Matter of Police, Clerk, ,nd ether Ointerj.

Penalty of obllrutting Per.oiis employed in the Execution of tbit Ail.

47° G£ORGlI III. SbflX A Cap. 29.

XXXVi I. And be it enafted, 'l'hat it (hall and may be lawful for theMa-gift rates of the faid City, and other Commiflinners herein named, at all Times to contraft with or employ Scavengers, or other Perfon', to cleanfe and fweep the public Streets, Squares, Pafidges, and principal Places within the City, and alfo the faid Foot Pavements, if they (hall think proper, and immediately to order to be removed and carried from ihence ail Soil, Dirt, Allies, and Filth, to collect The lame into Heaps, and afterwards to remove them to fuch Place and Places as the faid Magiftrates and Commiffioners (hall appoint; anti that it (hall and may be lawful to them to fell or difpofe of, as public Property, the faid Soil, Dirt, Aihes, and Filth for Manure, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as may be willing to pur. chafe the fame; and the Money thence ariftng (hall make Part of the F’unds to be raifed by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII.	And be it enafted, That the Dutyof the faid Mailer of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to aid and affilt the Magilirates of the faid City, in apprehending, detecting, and bringing to Juftice, Perfons guilty of Street Robberies, Houfe-breakings, Affaults, Theft, Refet of I heft, Shop-lifring, picking Pockets, Swindling, Breaches of the Peace, and other Crimes, by caufing the Perfons accufed thereof to be appre* hended and imprifoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded againli in Terms of Law s in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution againft Vagabonds, Vagrants, idle and diforderly Perfons, and public and fturdy Beggars, and other Perfons who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation, in fuppreffing diforderly Public Iloufes, and other Houles frequented by Perfons ot the foregoing Defcriptions, in fuppreffing Mobs and Riots; in affifting to extinguilh Fires; in putting the Laws in Execution, by which Carters, Owners, and Drivers of Carts and other Carriages, are prohibited from leaving the fame on the Streets, Roads, and Paffages, and riding on their faid Carts and Carriages, and driving them, or Hordes or other Cattle, furioufly and improperly cn the Streets ; in feeing that the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Paffages, and other Places are properly lighted and cleanfed ; in keeping in good order the public Markets of the faid City, and the Perfons reforting to and dealing therein; in guarding, patrolling, or watching the Streets; and in general, in aiding and affifting the Magiftrates in ail Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preferving the Peace and good Older of the faid City, and executing the different Purpofes of this Aft.

XXXIX.	And be it enafted, That if any Perfon Or Perfons (hall, at any

Time or Times obftruft, hinder, or moled, any Officer, Watchman, or other Perfon, who (hall be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty under *ms Aft, every Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for the firft Offence, Two Pounds Sterling for the Second Offence, and Three Pounds Sterling for the Third a; d every fubfequent Offence ; and if any Perfon or Per-fon’s (IniI admit or (trike any Officer or Officers, Watchman or Watchmen, Perfon or P. rfons, employed in the Performance of his or their Duty 'under this Aft, everv fuch Perfob or Perfons (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and (jay' ahy Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Two ptUmds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner, hereih-after direfted aad appointed.	fesiisrib

* ■	XL.	And

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2.	559

XL. And be it enacted, That it fhall and may be in the Power of the faid Magiftrates, and other Commiffioners herein after appointed, or a .niflioners. Quorum of them, to appoint fuitable Salaries or Allowances to he paid to the faid Mailer of Police, Superintendant of Fire Engines, Collector,

Clerk'. Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and to pay the neoeL fary Expences incurred by them in the Execution of the Duty of their refpective Offices, and the other neceffary Charges and Expences of the aforefaid Eftablifiinient, from the Funds to be railed by virtue of this Act.

XL1. And be it enacted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, 5^^°r’tto in cafe the faid Commiffioners (hall not judge it expedient to take the ^iVeu.e.. cleanfing of the faid Foot Pavements under their own Management, every Pcrfon or Perfons who (hall poflefs the Shops, or whrre there are no Shops, who (hall inhabit the Fir(t Floor of any Dwelling Houfe, or other Houfe or Building adjoining to and fronting the Foot Pavements within the faid City, fliall caufe the fame, along the Front of their ref'peciive Shops and Property, to be fwent, feraped, and cleanfed, once every lawful Day, between the Hours of Eight and Nine in the Morning; and every Perfun or Perfons who (hall poflefs the faid Firlt Floor, or where there are no Tenants therein, w ho fliall poflefs the Second Floor of any fuch Dwelling Houfe or Building, fliall caufe the Pavement in Front of the Entry or Paffage to fuch Dwelling Houfe, and alfo the faid Entry or Paffage itfelf to be in like Manner fweot, feraped, and cleaned, once every lawful Day, between the faid Hours of Eight and Nine in the Morning; and if they, or any of them, fail fo to do, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates, or any One of them, to decern in a fummavy Manner fuch PoffclTbrs and Proprietors, to pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner herein after directed ; and in cafe any Difpute fliall arife among the Poffeffors or Occupiers of the Shops, Houfes, or Property adjoining the faid Foot Pavements, or the faid Entries or Paflages, relative to the cleaning, feraping, and fweeping the fame, it (ball and may be lawful to the faid Magiftrates, or any one of them, to inquire into the Matter, and determine the fame; and that where the Poffeffors of Shops, or Inhabitants of the Firft Floors or Stories of Dwelling Houfes, fweep, ferape, and clean the Foot Pavements and Entries or Paflages in Manner aforefaid, they fliall have Relief againft the Inhabitants of the Upper Floors or Stories of thefe Houfes, for a Proportion of the Expence of fo doing, correfponding to the Valuation of their refpective Poffeflions as rated in the faid Rent-roll, which Proportion fliall, in cafe of Difpute, be determined and decerned for by tl.e faid Magiftrates, or any Two of them.

XLII. And be it enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, ciofo, &c. the whole Clofes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, within the Lid City, which tf> cleaned are not cleaned and fwept by Scavengers, appointed under the Autho- l>>'ProtIletor*-rity of this Aft, (hall be kept clean and clear of all Dung, Filth, or Rubbifti, and fliall be fwept and cleaned out by the Proprietors thereof, at leaft Twice each Week; and in cafe the Owners or Pioprietors of fuch Clofes, or of the Houfes and Buildings therein, (hall not fo fweep and keep clean the faid Clofes, they fliall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied in Manner herein-after direfted.

XUII. And

566

WMe Proprietors to contribute to cleaning.

Pro/ifo as Proprietors, who ate by their Title Deed* bound to clean Cloles. Houles, an.I Shops to he numbered ami Streets tc be named.

Lamps may be ailixed to Hou.'es.

PenaPy of breaking Lamps wilfully.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. *g.

XLIIl. And be it enafted,That where the faidClofes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, or Houfes and Buildings therein, belong to more Proprietors than one;, the fevera! Proprietors .ball be obliged tode'ray the Fxpsnfenf fweepingand cleaning the iliidClofes, in Proportion to the Value of thtir t< fpective Proper, ties; and in cafe anv Difpute or Difference fhall occur among fuch Proprie. tors,telativeto their Proportionot the faid Expences, it fhall and may be law. ful to the faid Magiffrates, or any One of them, after heating (he Parties con cerned, by a Decree to be pronounced by them or him, to determine tba Amount and Proportion to be paid by each Proprietor,and to decern for the fame in a fumtnaryManner, which Determination lhall be final an ! binding on the Parties: Provided always, That where any One or more of fuch Pro-prietors are by their Title Deeds, or othervvife, burdened with the Expence of iweeping and < leaning the faid Clofes, he, fhe, or they, fhall ftill con. tinue to befubjeft to that Burden.

XLIV. And be it cnnfted, That the Magiffrates of the faid City, or any One of them, fhall ;;nd may order and direct the Houfes, BuilJings, Shops, or Warehouses within the faid City and Royalty thereof, to be numbered with Figures, to be placed or painted on the Doors, or on fuch other confpicuous Part thereof, as the Proprietors (hall think proper, and may likewife order to be painted or othervvife in (it ri bed on a conlp cuous Part of fome Houfe or Building at or near the End or Comer of each Street, Square, Lane, Paifage or Place, the Name of fuch Street, Square, Lane, Paffage, or Place; and any Perfon or Perfons who fhall wilfully and rnalicioufly deftrov, injure, obliterate, or deface any fuch Number, Figure, Name, or Defcription, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pav a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hetein-after deferibed ; provided always, that when any of the faid Numbers may be unavoidably defaced in confequence of the Shop, Door, Wall, or other Place on which the fame is marked being new paintt d, the Poffcffors or Proprietors of the faid Shop, Door, or Wall, fhall and they are hereby required to replace the faid original Number in a Character eafilv legible where it formerly was, or in lome other confpicuous Place, and that within Ten Days after the fame has been fo defaced, under the like Penalty for each Offence, to be levied and applied in manner herein-afier directed.

XLV. And be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to, and in the Power of the faid Magiffrates and other Commilfioners herein named, to order the Lamp Irons and Lamps in the faid City to be fixed on the Houfes and other Buildings on the Sides of the Streets, upon indemnifying the Proprietors or Potfeffors for any Damage thereby done to the faid Houfes and other Buildings.

XL VI. And be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully take away, break, or throw down any Lamp or Lamps which now are or hereafter fhall be fee up, within the Limits of the City or Royalty, or fhall wilfully extinguifh the Light or Lights within the fame, or damage the Iron or Appurtenances thereof, it fhall and may be lawful far any Perfop who fnall fee fuch Offence committed, to feize, and alio for any other Per-Ion to afiift in feizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Acl, without any other Warrant, to convey ana. deliver fuch

Offender

47°GEORGII III. Scir.2. Cap. 27.	561

Offender or Offenders itro the Cuftody of a Pi ace Officer, in order to be fecune-J and conveyed before One of the Magiftrates of the laid City . and if the Par'y or Parties accufed of fuch Offence, whether apprehended as aforefaid, or afterwards cited for the fame, (hall be convicted thereof, either by their own Confeliion, or by le^al F.vidence according to the Law of Scotland, fuch Offender or Offenders Ih ill forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds Sterling for every Offence ; anJ tn reover (hall make Satisfaction for the Damages done ; and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not immediately on Conviction pay fuch Forfeiture and make fuck Satisfaction, fuch Magiflrate is hertby empowered to. commit him, her, or them, to the Bridewell of the faid City, for a Space not exceeding Two Months; and fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not be difeharged before the Expiration of that Time, ualeff fuch Forfeiture and Satisfaction (hall be fooner paid and given.

XI.VII. And be it enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall acci- Snisfaftion to dentally break, throw down, or damage any of the faid Lamps, or the	for

Irons or Appurtenances thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for any of the La mps acci-faid Magiftrates to award fuch Sum or Sums of Money by the way of ete.itaiiy. Satisfaction for fuch Damages as fuch Magiftrate (hall think reafonable, provided the faid Sum (hall not exceed the real Damage fuftained by fuch Accident, befides the Expence incurred in recovering the fame ; and in cale cf Neglect or Refufal of the faid Perfon or Perfons to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded within One Day after it is demanded, to caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his or their Goods; the Surplus (if any) to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons.

XLVlfi. And be it enaCted, That the Magiftrates of the faid City, and the Commifr.on-orher Commiflioners herein named, (hall and they are hereby required, *r‘*“tak.e from and after the palling of this ACt, to take under their own Charge jfc.under"' ’ and Management all the Fire Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances their charge, 'ufed in the faid City for ex'inguifhing Fires, and name and appoint a Superintendant of Fire Engines, and other proper Perfons to take Charge of the faid Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances, with fuch Number cf aCtive Men as they (hall think fit and expedient for working the fame in a proper Manner, and for afiiliing in exfihguiffiing Fires which may 'happen in the faid City or Liberties thereof; and they are alfo hereby authotifed to make fuch Rules and Regulations for the laid Perfons as lo them (hall feem proper ; and the Expence of keeping and maintaining the faid Engines,’ Pipes, and Appurtenances, and paying the faid Firemen,

•fnall be defrayed from the Funds raifed by virtue of this prefent Act.

XLIX. And be it enaCted, That the Proprietor or Occupier of any Dwell- Premium to >ng Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe, Workftiop, or other Houfe or Tenement F,remcu-whatfoever, in which a Fire breaks on: or takes place, (hall pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, which may be expended at the Sight of any Two of the faid Magiftrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener of the Trades of the laid City, in paying Premiums or Wages to the Perfons who may affift in exringuifning the faid Fire, by biinging to the Spot Fire Engines, and a Supply of Water, or other-wile in Inch Man-ier and Proportions as the laid Magiftrates, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, may judge fit; the laid Money to be [Lee. Cj? £er.]	7 C	recovered

562

Emulation* as r..gunpowder.

Water to be conveyed from Pipes to the Common Sewer.

3^guTations as to Hackney Coachmen, Porters, See.

Travelling

Merchant?,

Auctioneer#,

See. to pay A^eliment.

470 GEORGII III. Sell, 2. Cap.2q.

recovered by the Profecutor to be appointed under and by virtue of this Aft.

L. And be it enafted, That no Gunpowder fhall be fold within the faid City by Candle Light, or before Sunrifing, or after Surfet, under a Penalty not exceeding One found Sterling, to be paid f r each Offence, bv the Perfon or Perfons felling the fame; to be levied and applied in Manner herein-afttr ciirefted.

LI. And be it enafted. That the Owners or Proprietors of Houles or Buildings in the faid City, who are by the faid recited Aft bound and required to convey the Water from their Houfes and Buildings by a Pipe or Pipes in Manner mentioned in the faid Aft, fhaJl, from and after the palling of this Aft, be obliged to make a Cu: or Gutter in the Stone Pavement, from the Termination of the faid Pipe or Pipes for carrying off the Water therefrom into the Common Sewer; and in cafe any of the faid Proprietors fhall fail or refufe fo to do upon being required, any of the faid Magi ft rates are hereby empowered and authorized to order the faid Work to be done at the Expence of fuch Proprietor; and alfo to fine him. her, or them in any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for fuch Failure or Rcfulal,

LU.	And be it enafted, That no- Hackney Coachman or Chairman, Carter, Porter, or any other Perfon or' Perfons of a fimilar Defeription, who fnali ply or work on the Streets of the faid City for Hire, (hall from and after the pafiing of this Aft be allowed to ply on the Streets of tne faid City with Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, or Car s, or ro work as Porters, Carters, or exercife other fimilar Employments, without firff entering their Names and Places of Refidence in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, within the Town Clerk’s Chambers of the fa;d Citv, and without firff giving Bond refpeftively, with fufficient Cautioners, for the faithful and honefl Difcharge of their Duty, under fuch Penalty as to the faid M.igiftrates fhall feem proper; and if any Perfon fhall aft in anv of the Capacities befote-menr oned without firff fo regillering their Names and Places of Refidence and finding Caution, he or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein after direfted.

LIII. And be it enaftc That all Travelling Merchants, Auftion ecr and others, who fhall take up a temporal) Refidence in the faid City, for the Purpofe of clilpofin : of Merchandize, Goods, and other Efftfts, and who in Profecution of fuch Bufintfs occupy a Shop, Warehoule, or other Place for difpefing of the laid Goods within the laid City, fhall pay the Affeffments before mentioned, corresponding to the Poffeilion occupied by them for the current Year, for which they (hail be charged with fuch Affeffment, whether they continue to occupy luch Pofieflion for a whole Year or for a lefs Period ; and they fhall alfo be liable in like Manner in Payment of the AfTeffment for the Maintenance of the Poor, of Tra'des’ Stent, or Cefs, and fuch other Public and Parochial Taxations as the Burgeffes and Inhabitant* of, the faid City are liable to pay^ the faid Petfens during their Refidence in the faid City being entitled to the

Protection

47° GEO RGII III. Scfl.2. ' Cap/iq.	$63

Profefti.m afforded by this prefent Aft, in the fame Manner a- the other Inhabitants.

LIV. And be it enafted, That no Children born of Parents confined ChiMren of in the Tolbooth of G/afgow, or in Bridewell, or of Parents who have fi*cdto jSl* been admitted into the Infirmary, or into any Lvirtg-in Hqfpital, or ijito *c. not to any Charitable Inftituticn within the laid City,1 lhall by fuch thtir Birth ^!^”,8et* acquire a legal Settlement within the faid City, or in ahv of the Parities thereof, unlefs they have in other Refpefts a legal Right to fuch Settlement.

LV.	And be it enafted, That it fhall be lawful to and competent for any of the faid Magiftrates to fhorten the Period of any Perfon’s Con- fhorur'rrahe finement in Bridewell by virtue of this Aft, or otherwife, upon being Period of fatisfied of the good Behaviour of fuch Perfon during his or her Con- in°yr^™^a. finement, and that he, Ihe, or they fliew Matks of Penitence and Amendment.

LVI. And be it enafted. Thar in all Profecution' againft Offenders who proft.cut'on* fhall have tranfgreffed againft any of the Provifions of this Aft, where'to bc “nied the Punilhment lhall not exceed Thirty Days Confinement in Bridewell, m’ary Man-' or the Fine to be impofed fhall not exceed Two Pounds Sterling, the '‘deprocedure againft fuch Offenders may be of a fummarv Nature, without any written Pleadings ; it being hereby provided, that a Record fhall be preferved of the Charge and of the Judgement pronounced againft fuch Offenders, and that the faid Judgement or Sentence fhall be pronounced in Prefence of One of the legal AfTdTois of the faid Magiftrates.

LVII. And be it enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates Magiftrates and other Commiffioners, or a Majority of them, at any Meet- a.1'd Commif. ings to be held for that Purpofe, at any Time or Times after the palling of mTkeVye this Aft, to make, ordain, and eftabliffi Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, Laws, for the better executing this and the before recited Aft ; and alfo from Time to Time, a^ Occafion may require, to repeal, add to, and amend or alter, fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws as to them lhall feem ne-ceffary and expedient, and to enforce the fame by pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding in any Cafe the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after direfted : Provided always, that none of the faid Regulations fhall become valid or take Effeft till they be ratified and confirmed by the Magiftrates and Town Council of the faid City in Council affembled, and publilhed in the Newfpapers, and printed and put up in the mod confpicuous Places of the faid City ; and alfo, that no fuch Regulation (hall be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to any Thing in this Aft contained.

LVI1I. And be it enafted. That the faid Magiftrates and Town Council Sum to be fhall, from the common and ordinary Funds of the Community of the ^tr^-uleci laid City, add annually to the faid Affeffments a Sum not lefs than Fundstoward* Light hundred Pounds Sterling, by Half-yearly Payments, beginning at ,heE*pencps the Tefrn ot Martinmas One thoufand eight hundred and feven ; and that th^Aftl" 8 all Monies arifing from the laid Affeffments, and the faid Addition thereto, lhall be applied, laid eur, and expended annually, in lighting and cleanfin<r

the

56+

Actions competent, by the Procurator Filcal.

Penalties tinder Twenty Shillings, how to be lccov-ered.

Penalties above One Pound, how to he rccoy. cted.

Application of Penalties.

4,7° GEORG 11 III.	Scff.2.	Cap. 29.

the public Streets, Lanes, Paffages, Squares, and other principal Place* within the Laid City, including Charlotte Street, and others in fimilar Cir-cumftances and Situations, in defraying the Expence of the aforefaid Eftabliflimgnt of Cleiks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and of the other Purpofcs of this Act, and for no other Ptrrpofe whatever.

LIX. And be it enaded, That it final! be competent to the Procurator Fifcal of the Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of Glajgoiv for the Time being to bring Adi ops, and Execution ffiail pafs at his Indance for Performance of all and each of the Obligations, and for levying and recovering all and each of the Penalties herein-before fpecified.

LX. And be it further enaded, That it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates, or any One of them, to decern in a fummary Manner for the ievera! Penalties, Damages, and Expences impofed by this Aft (the M.mner of levying or recovering svhereof is not otherwife hereinbefore particularly directed); and in cafe the Penalty or Forfeiture be not immediately paid, the faid Magiftrates, or any One of them, where the Sum decerned for does not exceed One Pound Sterling, fliall, and they are hereby empowered to commit the Perfcn or Perfo >s refuting to Prifon far any l ime not exceeding Fourteen Days, unlefs fuch Penalties, Damages, and Expenses, and the Charges incurred in levying or recovering die fame ffiail b: fooner paid and fatisfied.

LXI. And be it further enaded. That when the Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences decerned for ffiail exceed the Sum of One Pound Sterling, it ffiail and may be lawful for the faid Magiftrates, or any One of them, upon Conviction ot the Offender or Offenders, by their own Confeffion, or by legal Evidence, according to the Law of Set land, in cafe the Offender or Offenders ffiail not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to caufe the fame to be recovered and levied by Dift.efs and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Effedls, by Warrant under the Hand of anv One ef the faid Magiftrates, and after deducting the Charges of fuch Diltrefs and Sale, the Surplus, if any, arifitig by fuch Sale, fliall be paid to fuch Perfon or Per fans ; and in cafe fufficient Good'; and Effeds ffiail not be found, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Magiftrates to caufe fuch Perlon or Per funs to be committed to the Common Gaol of the faid City, therein to continue for a Time not exceeding Twenty Days unlels the Sums of Morey fo decerned for, and all reafonable Charges, fhallbs fooner paid and faiisfied : Piovided always, that in all Cafes where the faid Magiftrates are empowered to decern for the Expence of any Works or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, or Penalties, under the Authority of this Ad, it ffiail be lawful for them, and in their Power alfo to decern for the Cofts of Suit, over and above fuch Expences, Sums of Money, Penalties, and Damages.

LX1I. And be it enaded, That the Whole of the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeit ures enaded by the before-recited Ad and this Ad, ffiail in the firft Place be applied in Payment of the Expences incurred in profecuting Offenders againft the faid Ad and this Ad, and the Balance ffiail be paid into and make part of the Funds under the Dirtdion of the Magiiiraici and Commiffioners for the Purpofes cf this Ad.

9

LX11I. And

47° GEOR'GII III. Seff.2. Cap. 29.

5<>5

LXHI. And be it enafted, That the Forfeitures and Penalties which may be impofed in virtue of this Aft, in cafe Aftions for the Recovery of them be not commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fafts by which they are incurred have been committed, fin 11 ceafe to be of any Effect, and the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have fo offended (hall not be liable to be profecuted for fuch Penalties or Forfeitures."

LXIV. And be it enafted,That no Aftion fhall be commenced againft the faid Magiflrates and other Commiffioners, or any other Perfon or Perfons Actions, for any Thing done in the Execution of this Aft, after Three Calendar Months from the Time the Faft is committed, and the Defender or Defenders in fuch Aftion or Procefs may produce this Aft, and plead that the faid Things were done by Authority, and in virtue the-eof, and if they (hall appear fo to be done, then and in that Cafe the faid Defender or Defenders (hail be affoilzied from fuch Aftion or Procefs and the Purfuer or PuTuers in fuch Aftion (hall be found liable to pay the faid Defender or Defenders the whole Expences of Procefs incurred by the faid Defender or Defenders: Provided always, that it (hall be competent to bring Aftions againft the faid Magiflrates and other Commiflioners hereinbefore named, for embezzling, fquandering, or mifapplying the Funds hereby veiled in them at any Time, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence profecuted lor fhall be alledged to have been committed.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enafted That nothing in this Aft Swing j Tif-contained fhall extend or be conllrued to extend to take away, abridge, or diminifh any Rights, Privileges, Jurifdiftions, and Powers which now andDCounnl belong to and are enjoyed by the Magiflrates and Town Council of "he of the faid City, or by the faid Magiflrates or any One of them, o 1 by the Clyde. Water Baillie of the Ports or River of Clyde, appointed by the faid Magiflrates and Town Council, by virtue ol former Acts of Parliament or Royal Charters granted in their Favour, or of immemorial Ufage.

f' LXVI. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft Swing Chut* fhall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to invalidate the legal Claims which any individual Perfon or Perfons, or Members of Bodies dWiduait. ”* Corporate or Collegiate, or of Companies have (by virtue of Acts of Parliament, Royal Charter, or otherwife) to any Exemption from Public Burdens or Taxes impofed on the other Inhabitants of the faid City, the Validity and Difcuflion of which Claims in the competent Courts of Law, with all Defences which the faid Magiflrates, Town Council,

Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Companies, Inhabitants or Burgeffes, can or may plead againft the faid Claims, are hereby exprefsly referved to all Parties concerned, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVII. And he it enacted, That the before recited Aft pafled in the Former Aft Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the lleign of His prefent Majefly, and tobcin f-rce* all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, and Regulations, therein contained, fhall remain in full Force and Effeft in fo far as the fame are not repugnant or contrary to the Provifions of this prefent Aft.

[Lee. & Per.}

jD

LXVIII. And

566

£xp?nce of this A,vt how

to ue p.iid.

Public Aft.

Continuance of Aft.

470 GEORGII III.- SeiT.2. Cap.29.

LXVIII. And be it enabled, That the Charges and Expences of paffing this Act (hall, in the firft Inhance, be advanced by th faid Magiftrates and Council, out of the Funds of the Community, and fhall be rep,id to them with Intereft from the refpective Periods of advancing the fame out of the Monies arifingfrom the Aiieffments aforefaid, by equal Portions, from the Sums levied during the firft Seven Years after paffing this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Juftices of the Peace,

Judges, and Magiftrates, with their Officers, Meffengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law whomfoever, are he. eby required to be aiding and affilting in putting this Act into due and lawful Lxccu-tion ; and that this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by ail Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

I.XX. And be it enacted, That the feveral Parts of this Act which relate to the laying on and levying the Affcffmcnt herein-before directed, appointing Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, dividing the City into Diftrists or Wards, and appointing Cornmiffioners of the faid Wards, fhall continue in force for Fourteen Years from and after the paffing thereof, and to rhe End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and no-longer; but that all the other Parts of this Act fhall be perpetual.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefly. 1807.



SEPTIMO

REGIS.

gRjadragesimo

GEORGII III.

SefT. 2.

-****•**** ******** ***************************************

Cup. 30.

An Aft for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parifh of Chrijl Church, in the County of Middlefex.

[ift Augujli 807. J

WHEREAS an A£t was paffed in the Thirty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to amend and render more ejfedual an Ad, puffed in the Twentyfxth Tear of the Reign 0f His late Majejly King George the Second, intituled, * An Ad ‘ more effedualiy to enable the Parif loners of the PariJhof Child Church, in ‘ the County of MulJIciex, to pur chafe, hire, or cred a Workhoufe for the em~

‘ ploying and maintaining the Poor of thefaid Parijlo, and for the more effedual * Support and Employment cf the Poor therein ; ’ and of0 an Ad, paffed in the Eighteenth Tear of His prefent Majefy’s Reign, for amending the faid firjl-mentioned Ad j and for enlarging the Powers of the faid Ads, and altering the Manner of rating to the Poor of the faid Par if, and better effeduating ether Regulations relative thereto ; in which it i ainongd other Things al-ledged, That there were divers Houfes and Buildings in the faid Parilh of Chrijl Church, which were let out in feparate Lodgings or Apartments, and other Houfes, which were let ready-f urnilhed to Lodgers, and other Houfes let for a lefs Rent than Ten Pounds per Annum for each Houfe, whereby the Payment of the Rates or Afieffments by the faid Act of the i'hiity-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, directed to be railed and levied for the Relief of the Poor of the laid Parilh, had been, and might he evaded ; for Remedy whereof it was enacted, that every Perfon (whether Landlord or Tenant) w ho Ihouid let out his or her Houfe in leparatc Lodgings or Apartments, or ready-furnifhed, to a Lodger or Lodgers, or who ihouid be Owner or Tenant of a Houfe which ihouid be let for a lefs Rent than Ten Pounds per Annum, ihouid be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and Ihouid and might be rated or affeileJ accordingly, and thould be liable and febjett to the Payment of the faid Rates or Affeiiinems dir etted to be raifed and levied {Loc. Csf Per.]	7 D	by

37G.3. c. 79-



570

4* G. 3. «• 49*

43 G. j.

t. 124-

4f GEORG 11 III. ScB: 2. Cap. 31.

thotized to be made by the laid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, certain Rates or Duties of Tonnage were by the laid Act made payable to H'S Majcfty, his Heirs and Succefibis, for the Term of fourteen Years next en:uing 'he pafling of that Aft, for Ships or other VclTels trading to or ufing the Port of L ondon ; and it was thereby enafted, that there Ihould be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and incomes compofir.g the Fund, called, ‘ I he Confolidated Fund,’ upon"the Credit of and to be leplaced to the laid bund, by the fame Rates and Duties, any fuch Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in'the Whole the Sum of Seventy-two Thoufand Pound-, as Ihould be necelTary and fufficient for the Purpofes therein mentioned, to be applied by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, as therein is cxpreifed : And whereas an Ad was made in the Forty-fecand Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, to authorize the Advancement of furthtr Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund, for completing the Paid Canal and other Works, whereby it was enadted, That there Ihould be advanced and paid from and out of *11 or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes compofing the Fund, called, ‘ The Confolidated Fund,' any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole tne Sum of Fittv Thoufand Pounds, upon the Credit of and to be replaced to the Paid Fund by Monies to arife by the Sale of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments purchafed or to be purchafed in purfuance of the Paid recited Ad, made in the Thirty-ninth Year aforefaid, as Ihould not be necelTary to be retained for or made ufc of in executing any of the Puipofcs of the laft-mentipned Ad, and by the Rates and Duties by the fame Ad granted or made payable to His Majefty, h's Heirs and SuccelTors, and fuch Sum of Fifty Thoufand Pounds was direded to be applied and difpofed of by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, (or luch and the fame Purpofes, and in fuch and the fame Mai ner in all Refpeds as the faid Sum of Seventy-two Thoufand Pounds was dirtded to be applied and difpofed of: And whereas by an Ad made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of FI is prefent Majeftv, intituled, ‘ “ An Ad to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out “ of the Cwifoiidati d Fu-d, to be applied in the Improvement of the “ Port ot London, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City “ ot London, in Common Council affembled, and to impower the Loids “ Commitlit.ncrs ot His fvLjefty’s Treafury to purchafe the legal Quays “ be,ween 1 ondon Bridge and the Lower of London,” the Lord Fligh Treaturer or Lords Comnuflioners of His Majelty’s Treafury for the Time be mg, wete empowered to advance and pay from or out of all or any o' the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes compofing the F’und, called,

‘ The I onfolidated Fund,’ upon the Credit of and to be replaced to the faid Fund by the Rates and Duties by the firft therein and hereinbefore recited Adi, and that prclent Adt, granted ami made payable to His Majefty, his Heirs «nd So celHrs, ary, inch further Sum or Sums of Money nor exceeding in the Whoie the luithtr Sum of One Hundred Thoufand Pounds, as Ihould be necellkiy and iSfficicht to enable the Mayor, Alder- ; men, and Commons ot the C.ty of l^ondoin, in Common Council affem-

b.cd, .o dr tray .he heefflaty Charges and Lxpences of repairing and altering the then prefent Mooring Cham, in the River Thames, as occa-iion ihould retire, and of providing ana laying down new or other Mooring

57i

47* GEORGII UI. SdT. 2. Cap.

ing Chains in the faid River, and of carfying into Execution fueh other Improvements in the faid Fort of London, according to the Intent and Directions of the fit ft therein and hereinbefore recited Aft, as fliould fiom Time to Time'be expedient for the Be efit and Acdommodarion of the Public, and Ihould be approved of by the Mailer, Wardens, and Afliftants of the Trinity hlou 'e 0- Deptford Strand. and confented to and approved of by the Lord High Tiral'urer or Lords Commiflioners of His Ma'iefty’s Treafury fort’eTime bring, and which further Sum or Sums of Money fhnuld be applied and difpoled of by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-m-ms, in, tor, and towards the Purpofes aforefaid: And it was thereby further enafted, That there fhould be payable and paid to the King’s Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, for every Ship or other Veflel trading to or ufing the faid Port of London, new and additional Rates or Duties of Tonnage equal in Amount, and fin.ilar to the Rates or Duties then already impofed bv the faid recited Aft, made in the I hirtv-ninth Year aforefaid ; and to be levied and payable in all Refpefts according to the Lilt of fuch Rates, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, in the fame Aft contained in ’elation thereto, and that the Monies which fhould from Time to Time be received and produced from and by Means of the Rates and Duties granted and made payable to His Majeftv, his Heirs and Suc-ceffofs, by the firlt therein and hereinbefore recited Aft and the now reciting Act, flvuild thenceforth be applied and difpofed of in the Manner particularly mentioned and directed in and bv the now reciting Act: And where- g as an Act was paHed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prelent c. 63. Majefty, to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made bv the laid Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year aforefaid, whereby it was enacted, That there fliould be advanced and paid from and out ot all or anv of the Dutie's, Revenues, and Incomes, compofing the Fund, called,

* 1 he Confolidated Fund,’ upon the Credit of and to be replaced to the faid Fund by the Rates and Duties by the faid recited Afts made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, granted or made payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, any luch further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Sixty Thoufand Pounds, and that the fame fhould be applied and difpofed of by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for fuch and the fame Purpofes, and in fuch and the fame Manner, in all Refpefts, as the faid Lveral Sums of Seventy-two Thoufand Pounds and Fifty Thoufand Pounds were by the faid recited Afts made in the Thirty-ninth and Foriy-fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty direfted to be applied and difpofed of: And whereas the laid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, xhat great have cauled the faid Canal to be excavated, and have made great Piogrefs Prigrfi, has in executing the other various and extenfive Works by the faid recited Afts ,bcrn m:i<le of the Thirty ninth and Forty-third Years of His prelent Majefty’s ,n e*ecu'>"g Reign, authorized and direfted to be made and done by them, but the Works "but fime cannot be completed according to the Intention and Directions of thef„mecan-the faid Afts, unlefs further Sums ot Money be provided for that Pur- »°l be compote; and it is therefore expedient that Power fliould be given to advance 13 eied un!'r* out of the faid Confolidated Fund a further Sum of Money, for the Pur- ^'11!™! pole of completing the faid Canal and other Works by the faid Aft of provided for'

the ibatpurpofe.

57 2

and it is therefore expedient that Power be given to ad* vanre fuch furih'-r Sums out of the Ccnfolidated Fund.

Power to advance 4;,oool. out of the Confo-lida ed Fund, upon the Credit of die Rates and Duties by the ACls of the 39th and 43d Years afjre-faid, granted to His M s • j'fty,

ar.ooo!. Hart thereof to be applied by the Common Council in like Manner as certain other Sums a-e by the faid Afta of the 39th,

42d, and 45th Years aforefaid di-refled to be applied.

21,000'. (Refldue of the faid 4J 000I ) to beapplied by the Common Council in like Manner as a certain other Sum is by the recited Aft of the 43d Ye.tr alorela d di-reft<*d to be applied.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 31.

the Thirty-ninth Year aforef.iid, authorized ro be made in addition to the fata Sums of Seventy-two Thou land Pounds, Fifty Thoufand Pounds, and Sixty Thoufand Pounds, fo as aforefaid already provided in that Behalf; and a'fo another further Sum of Monev tor the Purpofe of completing the other Works and Improvements, authorized to be made and done in and by the faid Aft of the Forty-third Year aforefaid, in addition to the faid Sum of One Hundred Thoufand Pounds, thereby provided and direfted to be advanced and applied as before mentioned, and that 'PruviGoa fhould be made for the Repayment to the faid Fund of fuch further SurflS lo to be advanced : But as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enacled; and be it enadled by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and wirh the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflfembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That there (hall be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes compoftng the Fund, called, ‘ The Confolidated Fund,’ upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the laid Fund by the Rates and Duties by the faid recited A£ts, nude in the Thirty-ninth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, granted or made payable ro His Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffors, anv fuch further Sum or “urns of Money no: exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Forty-five Thoufand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain; and that the Sum of Twenty four Thoufand Pounds, (Part of fuen sum of Forty-five Thoufand Pounds) or fo much thereof as fhall be neceffary and fufficient, fhall be paid by the Lor.J High Trea-furer or the Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted, and the fame flull be applied and dilpofed of by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons ot the City of London, in Common Council afiembled, for fuch and the fame Purpoles, and in fuch and the fame Manner in all Refpefts as the faid fevcral Sums of Seventy-two Thou-fand Pounds, Fifty Thoufand Pounds, and Sixty Thoufand Pounds, are by the fa d recited Adis of the Thirty-ninth, Forty-lecond, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty duedted to be applied and difpoled of.

II.	And be ic further enafled, That there fhall alfo be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Income* cornpofing the Fund called the Confolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the faid Fund by the Rate* and Duties by the faid recited Afts made in the Thirty ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, granted or made payable to His Majefty, his Heirs, and Succeffors, any fuch further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-one Thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; (being the Refidue of the laid Sum of Forty-five Thoufand Pounds) and fuch Sum of Twenty one Thoufand Pounds, or fo much thereof as fhall be neceffary and fufficient, fhall be paid by the Lord High Treafurer,or the Lords Commiftioners of the Treafury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Tune as and when wanted, and the fame fhall be applied and difpofed of by the Major, Aldermen,

573

47° GEORGII III, Seff. 2. Cap. ^x.

and Commons of the City of Loudon in Common Council aflembled, for fuch anti the fame Purpoirs, and in fuch and the fame Manner in all Re-fpcfts as the faid Sum of One Hundred Thoufand Pounds is by the faid recited Aft of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefenl Majefty direftcd to be applied and difpofed of.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Rates and Duties by the faid recit'd Afts of the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His prefent Majelfy granted or made payable to His Majefty, his Heirs, »nd Succeflbis, for and upon Ships and other Veffels trading to, frequenting, or ufing the Port of London, fhall be and are hereby declared to be charged with the Repayment to the faid Confolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout in purfuance of thisf Aft, with Intereft for the fame in the mean Time at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and fuch Rates and Duties (hall be payable and applicable for and towards the replacing of fuch Monies to the faid Fund, with fuch Intereft thereon as a'ortfatd, in the fame Order or Courfe and Manner in all Refpefts as if fitch Monies to be advanced purfuant to this Aft had been advanced out of She faid Fund, purfuant to the feveral hereinbefore recited Afts, or any of ih< m j and all the fame Rates and Duties (hall continue payable, and (hall be collcftrd, received, and taken, and the Monies which (hall from Time to Time he received and produced from and by means of the fame (hall be applied and dbpofed of in the Manner by the faid recited Afts ofthe Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, and this Aft direfted, until all fuch Sums of Money as are already advanced and paid, and which (hall hereafter be advanced and paid, from and out of the faid Confohdatid Fund, in purfuance of the feveral hereinbefore recited Afts, and of th.s nft, or any of them, (hall be fully repaid and replaced to the faid F'und, with Intrrell for the (aid Sums refpeftively in the mean Time, at the Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per riunum; the faid Limitation of Fourteen Years, or any other Matter or Thing in the faid reciced Afts, or any ot them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-ing.

IV.	And whereas by the faid recited Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, certain Perfons were united into a Company to be known by the Style of 7be Weft India Dock Company, and were irnpowered to fubferibe the Sum of Five Hundred Thotf-fan>J Pounds, as and for a Capital Stock, and to appoint Twenty one Per-F ns as the Direftors for condufting and managing the Affairs of the (aid Company, and fuch Direftors were empowered to make navigable Docks, Bafons, and Cuts, with Quays and Warehoufes, in the Traft of Land, called The Ifte of Dogs, in the Parifti of Stebcnbeatb otherwife Stepney, in the County of Middlefex, for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vefflls coming into the River Thames with Cargoes of Weft India Produce, and certain Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby granted and direfted to be paid to the faid Company for the Ships ai d Vtffels which lhould ufe the faid Docks, and for Goods imported on board fuch Ships or Veffels j and the faid Company were thereby im-

iLoe. & Per.]	7	F	powered

The Rates and Duties by the recited Afts of the 39th and 43d Years afore-fa d, granted to His Majefty, to be charged with the Repayment to the Confolidaed Fund, of the Monies to be advanced thereout under ibis Aft, with Intereft.

And all the fame Rates and Duties t j continue payable. Sec, till a1| the Monies advanced out of the faid Fund be repaid with Intereft.

39 G« 3* c. 69.

574

4* G. 3. c. 1x3.

44 G. 3.

c. 7.

47® GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 31.

powered to augment their faid Capital Stock to any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six Hundred Thoufand Pounds, fur completing the faid Works: And b>' One other Aft, made in the Forty-lecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An Ail to alter and “ amend an Adi, parted in the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s “ Reign, intituled. An Acl for rendering more commodious, and for bet-“ ter regulating the Port of London fo far as the fame relates to the Con-“ cerns of the H’eft India Dock Company thereby ctlablifhed, and for “ extendi, g to other Obj< dls the Compenfations direftrd to be made by " the faid Acl,” certain additional Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby granted and diredlcd to be paid to the faid Company for all fuch Goods imported from the Weft Indies, as fh uild be dilcharged from on board of any Ship or VYfT 1 within any of the faid Docks, and a certain other Rate or Dutv was appointed to be paid to the faid Company for certain Ships or Veffels which fhould enter into and ufe any of the faid Docks, to be fet apart for empty or light Vcrtels ; and after reciting that the laid Company had not then augmented their faid Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thoufand Pounds, the faid Weft India Company were impowered to augment the laid Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thoufand Pounds to any Inch 'urther Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Fi^ht Hundred Thoufand Pounds of Capital Stock, as by any General Meeting of the laid Company fhould be deemed neceffary and expedient, or to burrow Monies at lnterefl for the Purpofe of fuppiying the Infuf-ficienrv o1 their Capital Stock on the C edit of the Rites and Duties granted to the Did Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, fo as the fame, together with the faid Sum of Five Hundred Thoufand Pounds, fhould not exceed in the Wh-le the Sum of Eight Hundred Thoufand Pounds for completing the faid Works: And whereas by an Acl, made in the Fo'tv-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An Act for raifing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Exei ution “ an Act, pafled in the Thirty-ni.uh Year of the Reign of His prefent “ Majefty, intituled, An Aft for rendering more commodious, and for “ better regulating the Port of London-, and another Aft, paffed in the “ Forty-fecond Year of the faid Reign, to alter and amend the firft mcn-“ tionei Aft,” after reciting that the faid Company, by further Subicrip-tions, had augmented their uid Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thoufand Pounds to the Sum of Eight Hundred Thoufand Poundc, purfuant to thtf Powers by the laid recited Aft, made in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of Hts prefent Majefty, given to them in that Behalf, and that grrat Progrefs had been made in forming and conflrufting the faid Docks, B-ilbns, Cuts, Quays, Warehoufes, and other Wo ks, in purfuance 3nd execution of the Powers and Uireftions given by the faid recited Afts in that BchaF, that one of the laid Docks intended for the Reception and Ditcharge of loaded Ships was opened for thefe Pu.pofes in the Month of September, One thoufand eight hundred and two, and had from t.atTime been tiled by the Weft India Shipping which had arrived in the River 7 tames-, and tnat in conl'equence o.‘ the increafed Fxtent and Magnitude of the faid Docks and other Works beyond the original Plan upon w;->ich the tlti-mates were founded, and of the g eat Ad< r ce in the Prices of Materials and Labour, and alio of the prefent State of the Weft India Trade, and the

Probability

m



575

. A7* GEORG 11 III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 31.

PrHiahilirv of its further Jncreafe at the Port of London, the faid increafed Capita- Stock of Eight Hundred Thou find Pounds would not be fuffi-cien (or thr Completion of the faid Works, in fu* h Manner as might afford due Accommodation to the Public, the faid IVe/l India Dock Company were, by the now reciting Ad, irtipoweied at anyone or more of their Genera! Meetings, to be fpecially called for 'hat Purpofe, by fitch Ways ard Means as (hould be thought expedient Co augment their then Capital Stock of Eight Hundred Tboufand Pounds to any further Sum or Sums of Monev, not exceeding in the W’hoie One Miibon Two Hundred Thoufand Pounds of Capital Stock, as hv mch General Meeting, or bv the Majority of Votes of the Pioprietots prefent the'rar, (hould be deemed neccfiiry and expedient : And whereas the Directors of the faid Company have, in pursuance and execution of the Lid Three lad-recited Adis, caufed to be made and completed Two Jarge and commodious navigable Ducks, fit for, the.Reception and Accommodation of tVeft India Shipping, with proper Bafons, Locks, Curs, Quays, Wharfs, Warchoufes, and other Works adjoining,or attached to the lame refpt&ively, One of which Docks is now

U.< d inr the Reception and unloading of Ships and Veflels, and is denominated the Import Dock, and the other of the laid Docks is ufed for the Reception and Accommodation of light Ships and Vtffels, and Ships and -Vefitls taking in Cargoes, outward bound, and is denominated the Export Dpvk, and the faid Import Dock, and the Warehoufes, Wharfs, and Quays .adjoining thereto, are fenced and proteCled by a ftrong and fubftantial Wall,

.as is requited and directed by the Second of the faid laft Three recited Arts: And whereas it is expedient, for the greater Security of His Majefty’s That the Revenue, and the Safety and Protection of the Ships and Veflels lying Welt India in the laid 1 xport Dock, and the Goods on board therepf, or in or upon fxport ^>oc*c the WarthO’.des, Wha. fs, and Quays belonging thereto, that the faid E<- doUd w! h°a port Dock (hould cifo be protected by a ftrong and fubftantial Wall on Wall ior the the South Side and the Eaft and Wefl Ends thereof, and to communicate	»f

at each End with the prefent Wail on the South Side of the Import Dock; ^'s Mai-,ty’s and it is alfo deemed expedient that convenient Offices (hould be ereifled ana Office*' ne ir the laid Docks for the Accommodation of fuch Officers of His Ma- and Barrack* jelly’s Rt venue as fnall for the Time being attend on Duty at the faid	be

Docks, and that proper P.arracks (hould alfo be built for the Reception and Accommodation of fuch Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service Maas (hall (rim Time to Time be placed on Guard or Duty at the faid jcfly’s Reve-Docks and other Works: And whereas the DireClors of the faid Company nue’ an,i ,or are not authorized to appropriate any Part of the faid Capital, or other 9®"r* funds thereof, in electing the (aid Wall for the Protection of the Export ?n ^is^.VU-* Dock, and the laid Offices and Barracks, and inafmuch as the fame will jelly’s Ser-be pauicuiarly advantageous to His Majefty’s Revenue, it is expedient ',ii:eonD1»y that Powers (hould be given to advance a Sum of Money out of the **,heDockfc Consolidated Fund to enable the laid Company to build and complete the fame; Be it therefore enaCted, That there (hall be advanced and paid Power td ad-from and out of ail or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes com- »*nce poling tiie Fund, called the Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of and 3°»c°o(.out to be replaced to the faid Fund by and out of the Surplus Rates and Du- ,°Vh' ties granted or made payable to the faid IViJt India Dock Company, by fS'Kifij1

the *n external

57&

Wall on the South Side and at each End of the Weft Ir.dia Export Dock j alfo Offices and Buildings for the Officers of His Ma-jefty’s Revenue, and Barracks for the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’a Service on Duty at the laid Docks.

Iron Railing to be placed on the laid Wall.

Re-payment

of the Sum fo advanced to be made out of the Sur-plua Rates and buttes, by tne faid Acta of the gyth a ad +id

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 31.

the faid recited Ads of the Thirty-ninth and Fortv-fecond Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, after Payment of the Demands to which the fame are now made fubjeft, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirty Thoufand Pounds, as fhall be neceffary and fufficient for the Purpofes next hereinafter mentioned, the fame to be paid by the Lord High Trealurer, or the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, to the Treafurer of the faid Weft India Dock Company, from Time to Time, as and when wanted to be applied and difpoled of by the Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Buflnefs of the faid Company, or any Five or more of them, in paying and dilcharging the neceffary Charges and Expences of defining, laying out, erecting, building, and completing a good and fubftantial Wall, not lefs than Twelve Feet in Height, to communicate with the prefent Wall on the South Side of the faid Import Dock, at the Weft Pnd thereof, and to proceed along the Weft End, South Side, and Eaft End of the faid Export Dock, and to communicate with the faid prefent Wall at the Eaft End thereof, and inclofing the Wharfs and Warehoufes adjoining or belonging to the faid Export Dock, in like Manner as the Wharfs and Warehoufes adjoining or belonging to the faid Import Dock are now inclofed by the laid prefent Wall, and alfo proper and fufficient Gates at proper Places for Entrance to the faid Export Dock, and the Quays and Warehoules adjoining or belonging thereto, and alfo fubftan-tial and convenient Offices and Buildings for the Accommodation and Con. venience- of the Officers of His Majefty’s Revenue for the Time being, appointed to colled and manage the feveral Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize at the laid Docks, Quays, and Warehoufes, and alfo fub-llantial and convenient Barracks for the Reception and Accommodation of fuch Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service as fhall from Time to Time be placed on Guard or Duty at the faid Docks and other Works of the laid Company.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Diredors of the laid Company, or any Five or more of them, who lhall dired and fuperintend the Eredion and Building of the faid intended Wall, to fubftitute a ftrong and fubftantial Iron Railing in the Place of the upper Part of the faid Wall, when fuch Wall lhall be railed Eight Feet from the Surface of the Ground at lead, fuch Iron Railing being of fuch a Height that the faid Wall and the Iron Railing together lhall be Twelve Feet in Height at the leaft above the Ground any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Surplus Rates and Duties granted or made payable to the faid Weft India Dock Company by the laid recited Ads, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-fecond Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, after Payment of all the Demands to which the fame are now made fubjed, fhall be and are hereby declared to be charged with the Re-payment to the faid Confolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout to the faid Weft India Dock Company, in purfuancc of this Ad, with Intereft for the lame, at the Rate of Five

Pounds

/

47° GEORGII III. Sefl'. 2. Cap. 31.

Pounds per Centum per Jnnum from the Time or refpeftive Times of advancing and paying the fame until Re-payment thereof, and that after full Payment and Satisfaftion, all the Charges, Expences, Outgoings, Dividends, and Intereft, to which the Rates and Duties granted to the faid Company are fubjeft and liable, the Refidueor Surplus of the Monies to arife and be received therefrom (hall be applied from Time to Time in repaying and replacing to the faid Confolidated Fund all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be advanced and paid thereout to the faid Weft India Dock Company, or their Treafurer for the Time being, in purfu-ance of this Aft, with Intereft for the fame, at the Rate aforefaid; and when all the Monies which (hall be advanced and paid to the faid Company out of the faid Confolidated Fund (hall be fully repaid, with Intereft as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth the faid Rates and Duties fo as aforefaid granted or made payable to the faid Company, lhall and may be lowered in the Manner and fubjeft to the Conditions and Provifions in and by the faid recited Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, dircfted.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Weft India Dock Company (hall, from Time to Time, by and out of the Rates granted to them by the faid recited Afts, made in the Thirty-ninth and Forty-fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, keep the faid intended Wall, Offices, and Barracks, hereby authorized and direfted to be erefted and built, in good and fubftantial Repair.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council affembled, (hall pay and difcharge one Moiety of all the Cofts and Charges incident to and incurred in obtaining and palling this Aft, with and out of any Monies paid or to be paid into the Chamber of the City of London from and out of the faid Confolidated Fund, in purfuance of the feveral hereinbefore recited Afts, and of this Aft, or of any of them as aforefaid, and the other Moiety thereof lhall be paid by the faid Weft India Dock Company, out of the Monies to be advanced to them from and out of the Confolidated Fund as hereinbefore mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch or fo much of the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Direftions, Claufes, Matters, and Things whatfoever, contained in the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign as are applicable to the Purpofes of this Aft, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwife provided for or rendered unneceffary, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to this prefent Aft, and (hall operate and be in force in refpeft to this Aft and the Purpofes thereof, according to its true Meaning, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Direftions, Claufes, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated andre-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

577

Years aforefaid granted to the Welt India Dock Company.

The faid Wall,Offices, and Barracks, to be kept in Repairby the Weft India Dock Company.

Charges of obtaining and palling this Aft how to be paid.

Powers of the recited Aft of 39 G. 3. extended to this Aft.

578	47°	GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 31.

This to be * X. And be it further en3&ed, That this Act fliall .be deemed and Public Aft. taken to be a Public Act, and fliall be judicially taken notice of as i'uch by all Judges, J-uftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majcfty. 1807.



LftS bbirJt’J

lo\ ■j.l.i.ii aab \o	vv

gnibiitrd toi T’’. -	»* V»

.	t	-	r	■>-' }j

V. •	  :	-	■	■	i	5*

\ V	;	'	_	> >	..	4>4	*,*•	.«	^	^	•	J*jp

. . .

> • <-	•	t '	?-•!	tSJ<

.. • ..U ;	?A-	••	’	■	-	-	.*.».•	•:* 'M

•	:	7	.•-f r

. ;»iu-Vb c*to2*a*. • V	■»	M	-Iv--,	I?****

.-su: *** v ••	,	.	.<-!	rise	'*- >*■: v*s

i-* •*• vi.* ■ “ ' .	*»l-a 5 t' t-4; *e aw

\t\

'iti

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Se(T 2.

♦I********#**********-************#******************

Cap. 32.

An Aft to enable His Majefty to grant the Citadel and Walls of the City of Carlijle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Jufti ce for the faid County, and for other Pur-pofes relating thereto.	[ift	Augujl	1807.]

T THERE AS there is no Shire Hall, or other public, convenient, \ \ f or proper Building, for holding the Aflizes and Quarter Seflions V f for the County of Cumberland, nor any Place for depofiting the Public Records of the faid County, and the Aflizes for the faid County have, from Time immemorial, been holden by Permiflion of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Carlijle, in the Guildhall of the faid City, which is fo incommodious and in fuch a ruinous State as to be extremely inconvenient for the Adminiftration of Juftice, and even unfafe and dangerous to Ilis Majefty’s Judges of Aflize, and all His Majefty’s liege Subjefts attending on fuch Occafions, and the faid Judges of Aflize have repeatedly fo reprefented the fame in their Charges to the Grand Juries for the faid County: And whereas the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, having taken the Premifes into their Confidera-tion, employed a proper Engineer and Architeft to point out and felect the mod eligible Place or Scite for erecting fufficient Courts of Juftice, and other proper Offices, who ftated to them, and they have themfelves examined the fame, and are of opinion, that the only fit and proper Place, [Loc. IsfPer.]	7 H	within

582	47’ GEORGII IIEI	Cap$i.^

within or adjoining the faid- City of Carlijle, for fuch Purpofes, will be the : Citadel and Two Baftions, on the South Entrance to the faid City of Carli/Ie, (which adjoin the (Common Gaol of the faid County), together with Inch Parts of the Walls of the faid City as adjoin thereto, and the Sdites of fuch Baftions and Walls, and the Ground adjoining thereto, extending in length from the South Weft End of the Weftern Baft;on One hundred and forty Yards, and from the South Eaft Baftion in a North Eaftern Direftion Twenty-four Yards: And whereas the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, in right of His Crown, is feifed in Fee Simple of the laid Citadel, and Baftions and Walls, and of the Scites thereof, and of the Ground adjoining to Parts thereof: And whereas the faid Citadel and Baftions, Wails and Scites, together with the Stones of the • old Walls furrounding the faid City, are of fmall Value, and not of any public Utility, yet the fame would be of very great Ufe and Benefit to the faid County for the Purpofes aforefaid : And whereas, upon the humble Application of the Juftices of the Peace acting in and for the faid County of Cumberland, His Majefty has been graciouflypleafed to fignif, IlisRoyaiWill and Pleafure, thatfo far as HisMajelty’sIntereft is concerned, the faid Citadtl and Two Baftions, with the Walls aforefaid, together with the Scites there- : of, and the Ground adjoining thereto, and alfo the Stones of the old Walls furrounding the faid Gity, fhould be abfolutely veiled in His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Time being, acting in and lor the County of Cmnberland, for the Purpofe of erefting a fufficient and proper Shire Haft, Court Houfe or Court Houfes, and other Offices for holding the Affizes, and for fuch other public Ufes and Purpofes as the faid Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland for the Time being, or the major Part of them, at the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, lhall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint: And whereas it is expedient that the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County Ihould be empowered to defray the Expences of building, erefting, and fumilhing luch Court Houfes and other Offices, and for purchafing any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as may be neceffary for fuch Purpofes, by and out of the County Stock or Rates ; but as fuch Purpofes cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be It enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, Veiling the and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Cuadel,	the faid Citadel, Baftions, and Walls furrounding the faid City, and

Wall°nVnthe fhe Scites thereof refpeftively, and the Ground adjacent thereto, fo far as juftices for His Majefty’s Interefts are concerned therein, (hall be, and the fame is the County, and are hereby granted and confirmed unto, and lhall be veiled for ever in His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Time being, afting in and for the faid County of Cumberland, freed and abfolutely difeharged from' all Claim, Right, and Title of His Majefty, in right ot His Crown, His Heirs and Succeffors.

Juftices ena- II. And be it further enafted, by the Authority aforefaid, That at tha bkd to make next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, to be holden after the palling ?rfarS	this Aft, and afterwards at any fubfequent General or Special Seffions.

HiiU,' L r'	and may be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid

County then and there affembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered fo make fuch Order or Orders, or to Contract with fuch Per-^rotciJUnini	fons

JS3

4.7" GEORG 11 III. Seff.2.	2.

fons as they ffiall think proper, for converting and altering the faid Citadel and Two Baitions into a Court Houfe or Court Houfes,with fuitable Offices and pioper Accommodations thereto, and for furniffiing and providing the fame ; and for the erefting, building, purchafing, providing, and fumiffi-ing a proper Shire Hall and Court Houfes,	with fuitable	Offices and

Accommodations, on the Lands and Grounds	hereby veiled	in them, or

to be purchaied by them, in purfuance of this Act, for the more convenient holding the faid Affize.% and for other public Purpofes of the faid County, as to them the faid Juilices, or the major Part of them, ihall from Time to Time appear expedient and neceffary ; and for the paying, dif- an(j to pay charging, and defraying of all the Expences, Coils, and	Charges of for the fame

paffing this Aft, and attending the erecting,	building, purchafing, pro-.	the

viding,and furniffiing of the fame, and all incidental Expences in the effeft-ing and carrying into Execution the feveral Purpofes of this Aft, by and out of the public County Stock or Rates of the faid County, fubjeft to fuch Rcilriftions and Provifoes as are herein-after contained.

III.	And be it further enafted. That it ihall and may be lawful to and Juilices to for the faid Juilices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Seffions of the purchafe^. Peace to be holden for the faid County, or at any Adjournment or Ad- lh‘‘ p^ofea j iumments thereof, or the major Part of them, then and there affembled, and cf this AA. they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to l ime, to treat* contraft, and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Perfons interefled in any Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, which the faid Juilices, or the major Part of them fo affembled as aforefaid, ihall judge to be proper and neceffary for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, or for the more eafy, open, and convenient Approach to the faid City, and to the faid Shire Hall and Courts, and to t the Gaol of the faid County, for the Purchafe thereof; and by and out of the faid public County Stock or Rates of the faid County, to pay, or caufe to be paid, for the Purchafe of fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as ihall be agreed upon between fuch Owners and Perfons interefled as aforefaid, and the faid Juilices, or the major Part of them, and alfo the. Coils and Charges attending fuch Agreement and Purchafe as aforefaid; and upon Payment or Tender of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchafe of any fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforefaid, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Purpofe of being dffpofed of in Manner by this Aft direfted, it ihall and may be lawful for the faid Juilices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, at any Time thereafter, to take Poffeflion of the faid Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and that the whole and every Part thereof ihall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the Juilices of the Peace for the faid County for the Time being, for the Purpofes of this Aft: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained ihall extend, or be conilrued to extend, fo as to empower the faid Juilices to purchafe any greater Quantity of Land for the feveral Purpofes of this Aft than Three Acres.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it ihall and may be lawful for all Bodies Poli-Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, tic> &c- en* and all Tenants.for Life or in Fee Tail, general or fpecial, or for Years deter- t0 miuntjlc on any Life on Lives, and all Feoffees jn Truit, Executors, Ad»

miniilrators,

5^4

All Contra&j to be valid.

Truftees, &c. indemnified.

Parties refilling or bring incapable to treat, ^c. .Tuf-tices to ifiiie their Precept for impannel ling a Jury.

47° G E 0 R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 32.

miniRrators, Huibands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Trultees whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succefiors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their CeRuique Trulls* whether Infants, IfTtie unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and to and for all Femes Covert who are or fhall be feifed, polTefTed of, or in attyvvife intere ied in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who are or (hall be feifed, polfefled of, or in any ways interefted in any Houfes. Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which (hall be thought necelfary by the faid Jullices, or the major Part of them, aflembled at their General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof,'to be purchafed for the fe-vtral Purpofes of this Act, to treat, contrail, and agree with the faid Juf-tices of the Peace, or the major Part of them fo aflembled as aforefaid, for the Sale thereof, or for any Part thereof, and to fell and convey all or any Fai t theieof, and all F.ftate, Right, Title, and Interell whaifoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the Jullices of the Peace for the faid County, for the Purpofes of this All; and all Contrails, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which fliall be fo made by virtue and in purfuance of this All fhall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Aflurances in the Law whatfeever, begood, valid, and effellual to all Intents and Purpofes, not only to convey the Eltate and Inten.ll of the Perfon and Perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all Right, ERate, Interefl, Ufe, Property, Claim and Demand whatfoeverof their laid feveial and refpective CeRuique Trulls, and all Perfons whomfoever claiming cr to claim by, from, or under them, and of ail Perfons entitled in Remainder or Reverfion expellant on any fuch particular Eltate, and the lame fliall be deemed and conlidered' to bar the Dower and Dowers of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and all 1* Rates Tail, and other FRates in Polfeflion, Reverflon, Remainder or Expeltancy, any Law, Statute, I'fage, or other Matter to the contrary in anywife notwithRanding ; and all and every fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation aggregate or foie, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, general or fpccial, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees inTruR, Hulbands, Trultees, Executors, AdminiRrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Perfons fliall be and are hereby indemnified for what they lhall do by virtue and in purfuance of this All.

V.	And whereas by an AH pafled in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prelent Majeffy, intituled, An Aft to explain and amend an Aft made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King Williani the Third, intituled, 1 An Aft to enable Jujlices of the Peace to build and re-‘ pair Gaols in their refpeftive Counties, and for other Purpofes therein men•

‘ tinned' His Majefly’s Jullices of the Peace are enabled to purchafe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the building and improving Gaols, but are not enabled to purchafe Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for building Court Houfes: And whereas it would be convenient to build fuch Court Houfe or Court Houfes near or adjoining to the aforefaid Gaol; and for fuch Purpofe and for the making the necelfary Approaches thereto, it will be necelfary to make ufe of feveral final! Pieces of Land, with tile Buildings thereon, ne*ar or adjoining to the faid Baflions, and now or late in the Occupations ot Samuel Atkinfon	Atkinfon,	Charles	Graham, William Barnes',

John

5^5

47* GE0RGI1 III. ?eT.2. Cap. 32.

John Se&ell, Alice Blaylock, George Palmer,	Warrington,	Henry

Poole, Robert Nanfon, and William Nan/on, and the Corporation of the City of Carlijle\ be it therefore enafted, Ihet in cafe the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Proprietor or Proprietors of tite Paid feveral Pieces of Land, with the Buildings thereon, (upon Notice to him, her, or them, to be given or left in Writing, at the Dwelling Houfe or Houles, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons) (hall, for the Space of Twenty Days after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, neglect or refufe, or be incapable, by reafon of Infancy or otherwife, to treat, or {hull not agree with the laid Juflices, or with ary Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of his, her, ar,d_ their refneftive Eflates and lnterefts therein, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhalj be lawful for the fa d Jufticcs, or the major Part of them, at any Quarter •befiions as aforefaid, or any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby required to iffue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the faid County of Cumberland, who is hereby authorize d, diiefted, arid required accordingly, to impannel, fumrnofe, and return a compe tent Number of fubftantial and difiiitercfted Perfons qualified to i'erve on Juries, not lefs than Twenty-four, nor more than Forty eight, and cubesf fuch Perfons fo to be impanneiled, futnmoned, ard retar: % a Jury of Twelve Men (hail be drawn by fome Perfon, to L>. by the (. • >uft •of General or Quarter Seflicns herein-after mentioned, appointed i a uch Manner as Juries for the Trial of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Court 't Weftmnfter, are by an Aft made in the Third Year of the Keign oi lbs late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Ad for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn, which Perfons lb to be itn-pannelled, lummoned, and returned as aforefaid Ihall by fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, be required to come and appear before the Juflices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, at fome Court of General cr Quarter Sdlions of the Peace to be holden in and for theCounty of Cumberland aforefaid, or at fotne Adjournment thereof, as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, (full be directed and appointed, and to attend fuch Court of General or Quarter Seflions from Day to Day, until difeharged by the faid Court; ?.r.d all Parties concerned fha", Jurymen may and may have their lawful Challenges againft any of the Jurymen, but be challenged. Ihall not be at liberty to challenge the Array ; and the faid Juflices are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts from Time to Time, as Occaftoft Ihall require, to call before them all and every Pcifon and Perfons whomibever, who ihall be thought proper and necdfiry, to be examined as Witnefs or Witnefles, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths,

Touching or concerning the Premifes; and the faid Juftices if they think lit Ihall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewife authorize the faid Jury to view the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Queflion, in fuch Manner as they Ihall direft ; and the faid Juflices Ihall have Power to adjourn the Court from Day to Day as Occafion fhall require, and to command fuch Jury, Witnefles, and Parties to attend, until all fuch AftYrs for which they were fummoned Aral! be concluded ; and the faid Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths of fuch Perfon or Perfons as Ihall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Juflices are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) fhall inquire of the Value of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and final! afflfs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to the Owners and Occupiers of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purchafe thereof, and of their refpeftive I.dates and lnterefts therein, and the faid Jutlices ftial! gLo;. is* Per.] •	7	f	-and

586

Verdift of Jury fiuaL

Where the Sum afiVfled fhall not exceed the Sum offered.

The Coffs of Affeffment, &c. fliallbe paid by the Perfons feif-ed, &c. and retained hy Juffices out of the Sam affeffed.

Juffices may impofe Fines on Sheriffs, &c for Default.

47° GEORG III- III. Sdft&M

and may give Judgement for fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be afTiffedj which Verdift or: Verdicts, and the Judgement or. Judgement?, Dtternv-nation and Determinations thereupon, Notice in Writing being given to the Owncis and Occupiers of the faid- Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the Intention of the faid Joffices to apply to fuch Juiy as aforefaid, at lead Twenty-one Days before the Tima ot holding fuch General or Quarter Seflions as hereJn-before mentioned, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfc of fuch Owner or Otvncs, or at his, her, or their lad ufual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments intended to be valued, fhall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, againd all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Col. legiate, and all and every Perfon and Perfons claiming any Eflate, Right, Title, Truft, Ufe, or Intered, into or out of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Poflcflion, Reverlion, Remainder, or Expeftancy, as- well Infants and Blue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Perfons under any other legal Difabrliiy or Incapacity, their, bis, and her Heirs, Succeflhrsr Executors, and Adininidrators, as all other- Perfons whomfoever ; and the laid Verdict and Verdifts, Judgement or. Judgements, Determination or Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the laid.Judices and Juries fo' to be made, given, and pronounced as afore<aiu, fhall be fairly written on Parchment* and figned By the Clerk of the Peace for t e Time being, for the faid County of Cumberland, or his Deputy ; and in cafe it fhall lo happen dial the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be affeffed and awarded, in confequence of fuch Refufal to treat and _ agree as aforefaid, as the Value of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Heredita* ments, (hall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the faid Ju& tices, or any Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, fhail have pie. vioufly oiFered to pay as and for fuch Value, Recompence, and Satisf. flier., then and in everv fuch Cafe all reafonable Colls, Charges, and Expences of caufing and procuring fuch Value and Recompence to be afltffed and awarded as aforefaid, and of fo afftfling and awarding the fame, fhall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo feifed or poffeffed of or intc-refted in the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and fo fefufingto treat and agree as before mentioned refpeftively, and the faid Juflices are hereby authorized and empowered to deduff and retain the faid Colts, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money £0 to be ai» ftffed or awarded as aforefaid, or out of any Part thereof.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Juftices fhall have Power, from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on each .Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Agents refpeftively, making Default in the Premife1-, and on any of the : Perfons who fhall be fummoned and returned on any fuch Jury or Juries, and fhall not appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury or Juries, or being fo fworn fhall not give his or their Verdift; and alfo on any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be fummoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforefaid, and lhall not attend, or attending fhall refufe to be fworn or to affirm, or who fhall refufe to give his, her, or their Evi- ' deace. and on any 1’erfon or Perfons who fhall in any. other Man--ner wilfully negleft his, her, or their Duty in the Premifts, contrary to' the true Intent and Meaning of tills Aft ; and from Time to Time to levy fuch Fine or Fines by Order of dieTaid.luff ices, by DiffrefsandSale of" the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the reafonable Charges of every fuch Dilirds and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to theOwner or

Owners j

47° GEORGII: III. I SeOV'2. Gifri2..	5^7

Owners'; and thit a Cbpyofthe Order of the faid Juftices, figned bg.the'

Clerk of the Peace for the 1 ime being, of the faid County of Cumber, an or his l>eputy, (hail refpeflively be iufhcient Authority to .the Pe fon or.:

Perfomt therein to.be appointed, and to every other Perfon a&i:ig or aiding-, and aflifting therein, to make fuch Did refs and Sale, and all fucli l'ineff (hall be paid to the faid Juftices, to be by them applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the faid City of Carlijle and Suburbs, in fuch Manner as the faid Juftices ihall think proper.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That upon Payment of any Sum or

-Money agreed

Sums of Money fo agreed to be paid or ailefled, to the Party or Parties to to be given or whom the fame ftiall be fo agreed or awarded, or on Tender thereof, made	f“r

at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfe, or if he, file, or they ihall at the tjk^'eiidi'red. Tj’-ne have i no Dwt fling Houfe, then at his, her, or their lafk ufuai Place or Places of Abode, or on depoliting the fame in the Bank of £//g- jf refurea land iniManner by this A£t direfted, as the Cafe may be, the-Lands, 'leiie- bow t bo mentsv and Hereditaments, in refpect whereof fuch Money Ihall have been ddpoicd of. fo. paid, tendered, or depofited, Ihall velt in the faid Juftices, in Manner and for the hurpofes aforefaid, who fha.ll be deemed in Law to be in the a&ual Pofleftion thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, freed and-dhc.harged from alf former and other Eitates, Rights, Titles, intsrefts,

Claims, and Demands whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Money fhall be agreed to Application "

be paid for- any MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- ofCoippen-chafcd by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, f,tIoni': which, fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic,	°

or Per ion cor. Perfons under iany Difabilty. or Incapacity, as herein, mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred P* unds or upwards, With 'all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the -jName add with, The Privity, of the Accountant General ‘ of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Juftices lor the faid County,' for the Time being, to the Intent that fuch Munev fhall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the'laid Gotnt, an Order'made upon a Petition to be pre. ferred in a fummary Way. bjr> the Perfon or-Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchafe of the. Land Tax, or towards the Dif-charge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or of any Part thereof, as thd laid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Melm-ages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing fettled to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money fhall notbelo applitd, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid C ourt, in the Purchafe of other Meffuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which Ihall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trults, Intents,and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid (food fettled or limited, cr fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement ihall be exiiiing undetermined and capable of taking effeCt; and in the mean Time and until luch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, bv Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be

invefted

5^8 8	47°	GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cup. 32^

inverted, by the faid Accountant General in hisName in thePurckafe pWlreq Poundc/>er Centum Confolidatsd or’l'hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the laid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes afore&idj the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, ind Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Furchafe cr Settlement were made.

.tS	™>	■	'	4	"	' t

If under 200I.	IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Money fo

an 1 ex- agreed to be paid for'any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita* cceding sol. m6nts, purchafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perlons under any Bifability qr Incapacity as aforefaid, dial! be jefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pound.s, and fhrdl exceed the Sum of Twenty'Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame ihall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwiie the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to TwoTruitees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the faid Juftices for the faid County, fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cafe Ih ill be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direftionor Approbation ol the Court of Chancery.

Idef3	X. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo

t'.ia.i 2d.	agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty

Pounds, then and in fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufeof the Perfon or Perfons who would fi r the l ime being have ben entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Juftices, or any Two or more of them, (hall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

In cafe of not XI. And be it further enafted,That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom making out any Sum or Sums of Money Ihall be awarded foi the Purchafe of any Lands, Titles ■, Tenements, ,or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the or if Perfons Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Juftices or any Three cr more of found1 Pur tl|em > or *n cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum of Sums of chafe Money Monty (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found ; or if the Perfon to be paid or Ferfqns entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, be not into the Dankj' ■	'•	known

589

47* GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Gap. 32.

known or difcovcred, then and in ever)' fuch Cafe it (hall and may fce lawful to and for the faid Juftices, or any Three or more of them', to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Priyity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to'be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the fiud Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments f defer Hi tig themfubjeft to fubieft to the the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, Order of the •which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or	^

Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part Motion or thereof by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a Petition, fummary way of Proceeding or otherwife as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Ertate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the ■Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Surti or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or .Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifyvhg for w hat and for whofe life the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank ■ag aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That where any Queftion fnall ar'Cs where any touching the Title of any Peifon to any Money to be paid into the Bank Queition (hall of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General a™fc torching of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe Money tobe of any Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be paid, the purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur Perton who chafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch f1™*! jLein Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have beerf in PoflcfTion th° Lands” of fuch Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at &c. at the the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon Time «>f 1'uch or Perfons, or under the Pofftflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (kali be

deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Mefluages, Build ed* entitled™* ings. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, thereto aC-until the contrary (hall be ftiewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of cording to Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be £uch .■purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities * " ’

(hall be paid, applied and diipofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made . to appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful 'Poffeffion, and that feme other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome

l.Eftate or Interelt therein.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where, by reafon The Court • of any .Difabili’y or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or C orporation way order

entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rcaion»ble to be purchafed .under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court of Chancery, be.paid.by th« •: and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Juitisea.

LEoc. cs* E'er.]	7 K	Tenements,

■ f<§o	s	4 f G E'O RG11	f ill/ fSdffiM * Cap, 3 i.

’k Tefterrients, or Hereditaments to be fettled'to the like Ufes, m purfoafice of this Act, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expen ces of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this AS, of fo much of fuch Expences as the Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the nedeflary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Juflices of the Peace for the faid C ounty, out of the1 County Rate, who (hail from Time to Time pay luch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall dircft.

Tenant* at XIV. And be it further enafted, That every Tenant at' Will, or Wilt to dtli-. Leffec for a Tear, or any Perfon or Perfons in Poffefiion of the faid u^>on sf< n ftftbdsj Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, vvluch (hall Months No- be purchased by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft. and who (hall tice.	have	no	greater Interdl in the Premifes than as Tenant at Will, or Leffee

for a Year, or from Year to Year, (hall deliver up the Pofleflion of fuch Premifes to the faid Juftices, or any Three or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to take Pofleflion of the fame, upon . having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit fuch Pofleflion, from the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, or any Three or more of them, or from the Perfon or Perfons fo authorized by them; and fuch Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion (hall, at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, whether fuch Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of fuch Tenant’s Entrance or holding or not, or as foon after as he, (he, or they (hall be required by fuch Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pofleflion of the faid Premifes to the faid Juftices, or any 1 hree or more of them, or to the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to take Pofleflion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo in Pofleflion as aforefaid, (hall refufe to give fuch Pofleflion as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, to iffue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the faid County of Cumberland, to deliver Pofleflion of the faid Premifes to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall in fuch Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the faid Sheriff is hereby required to deliver fuch Pofleflion accordingly of the faid Premifes, and to levy fuch Cods as (hall accrue from thieTSuing and Execution of fuch Precept or Precepts, on the Perfon or Perfons fo refufing to give Pofleflion a9 aforefaid, by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

Mortgagee*,’ XV. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, dered'the1'1^ W^° have any Mortgage or Mortgages on the faid Lands, Tene-Prmcipal and ments, and Hereditaments, not being in Pofleflion thereof by virtue of Intcreft, to.' fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, (hall (on Notice in Writing from the faid convey. •'"Juftices, or any Three or more of them, or from fuch Perfon or Perfons ! as they (hall appoint, that they will pay off and difeharge the principal Money and Intereft which (hail be due on the faid Mortg ge or Mortgages,. ‘ ‘fet'fhe End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed front the Day of giving fuch Notice, and on Payment of the Principal and In* v, tereft fo due at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months) convey, aflign,

' and transfer his, her, or their Intereft in the Premifes to the Juftices of ’ On Refufal/ (fief Pea tie for the faid County; and in cafe fu£h Mortgagee or Mort-Int*rcft to 1 twees fhall refufe to convey and -tffign as'aforefaid, on luch Pavment or ceafr. -	.	'	..	    ■	:	Tender

59*

.$ ; 4:7"Xj BORG11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 32.

•\Tenderthereof that then all Intereft on the principal Money due on every n fiich Mortgage (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

,fiA amt lo Sane. : -	..

*5’ XYI. And be it further enafted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and -> Aifuranees of any Mefl'uages, Dwelling Houfes, Out Houfes, Lands, Te-y neruents, or Hereditaments, to be made to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Cumberland, in purfuance of this Aft, (hull be made in the Form, or to the Lffeft following, videlicet £	_/

‘ r A. B. of	in	Confideration of the Sum of

: ‘	paid by the Juftices of the Peace for

‘ the County of Cumberland, afting by virtue of’ah1 Aft-of-Parliament, ‘ made in the Forty-feventh Year ot the Reign of King-Gwgc the Third,

‘ intituled, \_here infertthe Title of this Aff], do hereby granted-releafe to

*	the faid Juftices, and their Succeflors,Juftices for the laid‘-Gouhtyj all [Acre

*	deferibe the Prcmifes to be conveyedI] and all my Right, Title, and !meid!i,

*	to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold-to the'faid Juft tees,

‘ and their Succeffors, Juftices for the faid County, for ever-: fn-Witnefs ‘ whereof, I have hereunto fetmy Hand and Seal, this -	- ---. Day

‘of	in	the	Year of our Lord

And every fuch Sale, Conveyance, and Affurance fo marie,, (hall-be good, valid, and effeftual, to all Intents and Pu’rpollps whimbeyer* as. to and again ft . the Perfon or Perfons making the fame, and his,, her, or their -Cejluiyue Trufts, and all other Perfons claiming, or to Claim, by, from,- under, .or in Truft, for him, her,-or them refpeftivtdy, or in Rcitiaroder, Reverfton,

. or Expediency, as aforelaid j.and the fame (hall be deemed arid, confidored . to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives o/fuch Perfon and Perfons, and all Eftates Tail, and all Eftates in Poffeffior), Revertmn,. Remainder, or Expectancy, and the lffue aiid Iftuesof fuch Perfon or Perfons,

. and every Perfon claiming or to claim under them r’efpeftively, as effeftually f as Fines and Recoveti -a would do if:.levied or fuffered by the Parties . interefted,. and fuch Parties had been adult, and without Impediment, any , Law, Statute, Ulage, or Cuftoni to the contrary, notwithftanding.

Xyil.-.;And be it further enacted. That it, (hail. and- may be lawful to . and for the faid Juftices of the Peace, at,any General .Quarter Seffions-of the Peace, or at any. Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, cr the major Part of them then and there alfembled, to fell and difpofe of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands , and Seals of any Thr. e or more of them, to grant and convey, by way of abfolute Sale in Fee Simple for a Confideration or Confideratinns Tin Money, all or any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and I Hereditaments veiled in them by this Aft, or which may have been : purchafed by them in purfuance of this Aft, as (hall in the Judgement of i the faid Juftices not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and upon Payment of the Money which (hall arife by or from rhe Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels there-r °f» it (hall and may be lawful for the Treafurer or Clerk of the Peace of the faid County, or his Deputy, to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which Receipts (hall be fufficient Dif-charges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (hall be fo fold, or for lb much thereof as in iuch Receipt or Receipts (hall be acknowledged or exprelihd

Form of Coavcyand*.

Juftices may fell Lands, &c.

592	47° GEORGII III. SefF. 2. Cap. 32.

to be received, and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not afterwards be anfsflff. able or accountable for any Loffes, Misapplication, or Non-application of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Monies arifing from the Sale of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lhall be applied and difpofed of by the faid Juftices in paying and defraying the Coils, Charges, and I xpences of carrying the fevcral Purpofes of this Act into Execution, or in Aid of the County Rate.

Material! for XIX. And be it further enacted,That all the Stones, Bricks, Timber,Irofi, building Lead, and other Materials tor building and erecting the faid Shire Hall, Court CourtHoule* Houfes, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, or any of them, or any Part Juflices" 1 £ °r thereof; and all Furniture, Articles, Matters, and Things ufid in or about the faid Court Houfes, Buildings, and other Convenience'-, or any of them, bought, procured, or fupplied by the Order of the faid Juftices in their General Quarter Seflions, or at any Adjournment or >d-. journments thereof,- or of the major Part of them thcri and there aflembled, or bought, procured, or fupplied by the Order of any Perfon or Perfons ;whom(hfvcr, a&rng by or under the Authority of fuch Juflices, for fuch Purpofes. a* aforefaid, or any of them, (hall belong to, and be the Property of, and the farne is and are hereby verted in the faid Juftices of the Pegee fbr the faid County for the Time being ; and it (hall be (awful for ..the. (aid Juftices to bring, or caufeto be.bropght, anyAction or Aftiohs,

. or diwdfc the. preferring of any Pill or Bill? of Indidlment (as the Cafe may .require) againft any Perfon or Perfons who (hall (leal, fpoil injure, 'or . deftroy the (aid Court Houfes, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, Tor , any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof j or (hall deal, take, cafry y-away, fpoil, injure, or deftroy the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Iron, Lead, .Furniture, Materials, Articles, Matters, and Things hereby vefted in them . the faid Juftices of the Peace of the faid County for the Time being*'ai aforefaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof ; and in all fuch Actions and Bills of Indiftment it lhall be, and be deemed andtafcerrto « be fufficient to date generally, that the faid -Shire Hall, Court Houfes,

- Buildings, Stones, Bricks, Iron, Lead, Furniture, Article pr Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which fuch Adllon or Aftions (Sail . be brought, or Bill or Bills of indi.elmcnt preferred; is or are the Pro-. perty of the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, without v particularly dating or fpecifying the Name of Names of all or any ortthe laid Juftices.

Punifliinr XX. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (halfwit* Perfom da- fu]]y and malicioufly break, pull down, or in any Manner damage ortie* ftroy the faid Shire Hall, Court Houfes, or Buildings fo to be bdilt, ou ’	.	- repaired, maintained, fupported, provided, creeled or purchafed as afore-

- faid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, fuch Perfon or Perfons, being lawfully con* ▼idled thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tried, (hall have full Power and Authority either to order fuch Perfon or Perfons to be trafifpdrted for'the Term of Seven Years, to fuch Place and in fuch Manner as other Felons are directed to be tranfported by the Laws, and Statutes of this.Realm ; or to fuffer fuch corporal Puuifliment, or be puniflied by Fine, Impfifoniitent,

Monty to be applied in aid of County Rates.

\Y G E ORGU III. SefT. 2. Cap. 32.	593

of otJierwife, as to the Court before whom foch Perfon or Perfons flub I . be tried fliall feem proper to order or inflict; and the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, or the major Part of them in Quarter Sapiens at!alibied, are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to order iuch Offender of Offenders as aforefajd, to be profecuted by Indictment or Indiftments	(	uj

af the'Affixes for the County of Cumberland, and to direct the Expenses ...	.	j

of fuch Profecutions to be paid by the Treafurer or Trealurers of. the-faid County for the Time being, out of the Public Stock and-County Rates of.	>,wi

and belonging to the faid County; and in every fuch Indictment or In,, diiftments fuch Court Houfe or Court Houfes, or other Building or Buildings, fliall be alledged and deferibed, and deemed and takun -to be the .	,

Court Houfe or Court Houfes, or Building or Buildings (as the Cafe may- "	'	j

happen) of the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, with*.	.	t

out particularly ftating or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any qF . the faid Juftices.	.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That all and every the faid Shire Verting the

{Jail, Court Houfes, Buildings and Offices fo to be provided or ^£^ houiiHmifes as aforefaid, and the Buddings, Lands, of Hereditaments by	“	'

vefted in the faid Juftices, dr ib to be purchnftd as taforafaitf, and every',

Matter and Thing appertaining ot in any wife relatifig thereto, or to any cithern, {hall at all limes be vefted in, and the fame- are hereby declared ta, be vefted in, the Juftices of the Peace for the Gounty of Otmbcriand for th.0 Time being, upon theTruft and to the End; Intent, and Purpose-that this faid Juftices (hall and do, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever, hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, permit, arid buffer the Afltzes,

Courts of Quarter Seffions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings, to be holden fbr the public Ad'miniftration of Juftioe,' <?i fortranfafting public Affairs and Bufinefs of the faid Courvty, to be holden and kept in the faid Shire Hall, and feveral Court Houfes1 or Buildings, and the A,p» purtenances thereunto belonging ; mid rilfo allow, penfcit, and fuffer the lame to be had, ufed, and enjoyed for all fuch- other public.Ufes and Pur-poles'as the Juftices of the Peace for the laid Go'uniy, or theanajor Part of them, at their General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, ftv.tll, from Time tq Time, dirgit, order, or appoint, with free Liberty for all Perfons whorn It ffiall or iiiay concern, to aft and officiate in, and to refort to and attend upon, the faid Courts and Meetings, as they fhall have Occafion or think jproper.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in fome Building or Buildings office for adjoining to, or in fome Office or Offices within fuch Court Houfe or keeping the CourtTloufes, a proper and fuitable Place or Places {hall be app opriated Records of

Tor the Purpofe of depofiting, keeping, and preferving the Public Records 1 s Countf*

‘of the faid County.

. XXIII. And he it further enafted. That the faid Juftices of the Peace for Juftices may rthe Time being may fue and be fued, in any Court or Courts of Law or fue in the 'Equity, for or in refpect of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter or cWk of the . Thing made or done by them, or any of them, under the Authority of this Peace.

Act, or for or in refpeft of any Nuifance, Encroachment, or Trefpafs made, done, or committed' by any Perfon ot Perfons whomfoever, in «r upon the faid Shire Hall, Court Houfes, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of them, or in or upon any Part or Parts [_Loc. & Per .J	7 L	thereof

594

Peifotfs paying County Rate, not to be difqualified

f om giving Evidence.

Plaintiff not to recover if Sufficient Amends offered.

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2. Cap.$i.

thereof refpedively, or in or upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby veiled in, or to be purchafed by the faid Juflices, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof refpedively, in the Name of the Clerk of the- Peace for the faid County, or his Deputy for the Time being ; and in’the commencing, profecuting, carrying on, and defending all fuch Mtions or Suits, fuch Shire Hall, Court Houfes, Buildings, Appurtenances, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (hall be deemed and confidercd in Law to be, and fhall be deferibed to be in the Pofleilion of the Juflices of the Peace for ihe County of Cumberland, to all Intents and Purpofes whati'oevCr ; and no fuch Adion or Suit to be brought or commenced by or again!! them the faid Juflices, or any of them, by virtue of this Ad, in the Name of the faid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the Time being, fhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by any Ad of the faid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for the Time being, done without the Confent rf the faid [uflices of the Peace for the Time being ; but that fuch Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the Time being, mail always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in f ,ch Adion cr Suit: Provided always, that every fuch I Jerk of the Peace, or his Deputy for the Time being, fhall be from lime to Time forthwith, by Order of the faid Juflices in Seflions affembled, or the major Pait of them, reimburfed and paid by the Treafurer of the faid County, out of the Publick Stock and county Rates of the faid County, all fuch Coils, Charges, and Expences, as he or they fhall be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.	■	‘	10	-	’	1	1

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That in ail and every fuch Adion and Adiens, Suit and Suits to be brought and commenced as aforefaid, no Pcrfon or Perfons whofoever fhall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reafon of his, her, or their paying or contributing towards the Publick Stock of i he faid County, or by reafon of his, her, or their being charged with, or liable to pay, or paying any cf the County Rates-of the faid County.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Plaintiff cr Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Adion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his or their lafl or ufual Place or Places of Abode Ten Days before fuch Adion fhall be commenced, of fuch intended Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff <r Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Adion; norfliall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch Adion if Tender of fuffident Amends fhall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, by leave of the Court where fuch Adion fhall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, fhe, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement fhall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is aliowcd to pay Money into Court.

XXVI.	Provided

*

i

t

1

a

S]

ri

Sg

M

ft

ft

4

»l

u

>(b

r»

it

m

fa

fat

Sots iit: ■xiar

*u2?T'

it 5

0 rps ■ f

[Cf!^

47° GEORG II III. Self. 2. Gap. 32,

XXVJ. Provided alfo, and be. it further enaded,. That no Action or Suit (hull be brought, commenced,, or profecuted againft any Perftm or Perfons for any Thing-. done or to be done by virtue, or in purfuance of this Ad, after Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Caufe of fuch Adion lhall have- arifen; and every fuch Adion lhall be brought and laid. in . the County oiCumberiand, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit lhall and may plead at his, her, or their Eledion, fpe-cially, or the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the Tpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and_ that the fame was done in purfuance or by the Authority of this Ad-; and if upon the Trial of fuch Adion or Suit it lhall appear to have been lb done, or that fitch Adion or Suit (hall have been brought before the- Expiration of Ten Days next after fuch Notice lhall have been given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited lor bringing the fame as aforefaid,or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every of the faid Cafes the Jury lhall find a Ver-did for the Defendant or Defendants ; and in all Cafes where a Veroict lhall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein lhall difeontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants lhall have appeared thereto, or lhall bo non-fuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement lhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every’ fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants lhall recover Treble Colls, and have fuch and the like Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for .recovering Coils of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That all,the Colls, Charges,rind

Expences of*obtaining and executing this Ad lhall be paid and difeharged by the Treafurer of the faid County, by ah9 Order of the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, at their General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, of the major Part of them, then and there affembled, out of the County Stock or Money to be from Time to Time raifed and levied by the County Rates within the faid County.	1	it

.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as luch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpsciallv pleaded.

vamojiA jd? yd ,aoiflA bai ntni dwi'io ftm/iav-a udiL ft mfifJA r;'i ; noli’:A r',i .•hi a , V.l ....

—	-	-	■	-- ■	---	*"	•	r.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str'Ahan, Printers to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty. 1807.

SO J(ISh!wi3U >r,J TOl 01 hsitfS'A 'Xj	util*

' noiftA ifiw m/o'J 21!* io vd tr.u'A riir/l'tS’ ) oini ynq 01 .bmiot arifil > o'l-jtj aji-iiba.Kjfrdo.r m> notjumsfiv.’ ,iti jiiunj ti -j,!.

juiyanaif yavj	bawvtL r ’tutbtrftaCI 3:. .

595

Limitation of Actions.

Coils of the Aft.

Pcblick Aft.

			p YJT ^	:? }<0ao’v,**	
	rr	iflixra	i ..I mil j*	i tc? .tl'a bati/o-’I .IVJCZ	
	jo on;ixv	’  VJ	i & ■•**'.'/ '■	iwxl • ! I, t.j,J	
	: 1~5.:			'>. vT^i' - ■ , ■	u't t,
	.jrrx			■ i ‘lo '‘JL 0 r, 10	.Ij'J'iai
	•is' vfcSO			-if c■ 1 !' ;ii iHCb.	t% d>at
				s ; 5 -. . Siii	on Laa
				•*••: . -3 V>	itoiftA
I.;.’:	Ibis.	- } s' "	3!r't'&7;.' JiPS	.Miti jSMu	,vIU»
	*J hr::; .		. ;1 h;,fi •. i	t ' hT Ji; s^tni	iiV.t I't
itll Cl	.. 1- ;	£>A		■ d- Y‘J ‘to - uxaAwfj	ii i jno!>

■ U ir	'•	: - : !'	;	J:	1	v>	U:	r	'	.	XDI	t	:	t

■: IP a*,s v..u -i .	■■	'.3/Tl’ ftl yt)I'.rSl-rivali3)l3 c

.

oiapirf

^ ^	-	U	1	■	Y	V.	.i.	-	’i£'	,-c;{	i	...	;uild

■f . Mi $ *	*	1	-	ti	'31	ti	.:?.S

'

’ .0 ,;UJ u

.

tiG Jfti > s: u fit .7 u

*#'*r	•	‘	*'*•	*	'.r:	•••	'	vfe	'Jt:	d*	•**>(’

. J- .. ) .	.	:v	to	.	.	.	' ’ s -:

-	vt*	.	1

>	•	.	-j	La/	.	rn

^ *iVUi

V --'O'l.;v " •■■•V -	'	;v.	ii	*	r,„	T ;rf: -1

Qfc;

*x:' ' bo {>*	airf	. ' r •-.» r? j; ,v2 • ;	-Vf!'	:

•	.	•	;	-	■	'	'	■	■ K r. 1

1 T a; ! .	,	7C	'	ti	t	>-Tl

■wRt- » -

*

*	*	?\<	•?..do*.

;orI . :j • ,5-criu*. .-.'siallis

• t- :>V

■ ■ 1

s ;

r- ■ (—

.

a -,

- -tarrrr. ru. .•!

I:

♦I

* - -j ■

.*3 a. v<sk





ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An A& for afcertaining and eftablifhing the Rates of Wharfage, Cannage, Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Brijiol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the faid Port; and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vefiels navigating tht Brijiol Channel. [ift Auguji 1807.]

WHEREAS the Mayor, Burgefies, and Commonalty of the City of Brijiol, by antient Charters and Grants from the Crown, have been for feveral Hundred Years pad Owners of the Port of Brijiol, with feveral Creeks and Harbours in the Bri/lol Channel as Members thereof; and the faid Corporation are Confervators of the Rivers within the faid Port from a certain Place about Four Miles Eaft-ward of the faid City to Kingroad and fo down the River Severn and Brijiol Channel, to the Two fmall Iflands called The Stipe Holmes and The Flat Holmes, and are feifed of and in all and Angular the Wharfs and Quays ufed as lawful Quays in the City and Port of Brijiol; and they.the faid Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty, or their Leffees, have from Time to Time erefted, made, and laid out, for the Ufe and Accommoda-

Seff 2.

***************************a**************************

[Icr. & Perl]

7 M

tion

,598

bas

IS ft 12 W.J.

43 G.J.

47°<5 EORGI1 III. SefT.2. Cap. 33.

tion of Perfons trading to the Port and Harbour of Briftol, new Quays or Wharfs, and from Time to Time repaired the Walls of fuch new' as well of the' old Quays and Wharfs : And whereas they the Paid Mayor, Bur-geffes, and Commonalty and their Leffees, have from 1 ime immemorial ^received a RaQ br Duty of Wharfage, Cannage, and Plankage, for Goods landed upQi or fhipped from the faid Quays or Wharfs, and alfo h 'Rate or Dfity of Anchorage and Moorage for all Ships and other Veffels anchoring or mooring at the faid Quays or Wharfs: And whereas the faid Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty, or their Leffees, have, for the greater Accommodation of the Trade of the Port of Bri/lo/, erected and letup on the lawful Quays aforefaid, divers Cranes and Engines, for the better Difchavge df Ships at the Quays and Wharfs: And whereas the before mentioned Rates of Wharfage, Cannage, and Plankage, Anchorage and Moorage, are not exactly afeertained and defined, and it is expedient that fuch Rates and Duties lhould be fixed and eftablilhed: And -whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the faid City inCommon Council affembled, by fitch Charters, by antient Ulage, and aftfo brthc Authority of an Act of Parliament palled in the Eleventh and •Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Ail ■for the belter preferring the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleanftng, paving, and enlightening the Streets of the City of Briftol; find another Aft palfed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majefty, intituled. An Ail for improving and rendering more cm-tfiodious, the Pori and Harbour e/-Briftol, have from Time to Time appointed Perfons to be and officiate as Pilots within the Port of Brijlol, and Lirifdiftion aforefaid, and have from Time to Time puniffied Perfons (nor being appointed by faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council), who have taken charge of or attempted to pilot any Veffel within the laid Jur ifdrftion : And whereas alfo the Mayor and Juftices of the faid City, at the General Quarter Seffions held for the faid City and County of the fame €ily,' have, by Authority of the faid Acts, Power from Time to Time to make fitch Orders and Conftitutions, and appoint fuch Officers as fhall be tjeeeffary For the Regulation and Government of Riots, Mailers of Ships and Veffels, Mariners, Watermen, and others navigating and ufing the faid Port: And whereas it is expedient that the Jurildiftion, Power, and Authority of the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council in Common Council affembled, and of the faid Mayor and Juftices at their General Quarter Seffions refpeftively, be extended to the Appointment of Riots for the conducing of Ships and Veffels into and out of and upon the whole of the Briftol Channel, and the feveral Ports, Harbours, and Creeks belonging to and running from the fame, and to the making fuch Orders and Conftitutions, and appointing fuch Officers as lhall be neceffary for the well ordering and good Government of Pilots, Mailers of Ships and Veffels, Mariners, and others, and all Veffels palling up and down of upon the Briftol Channel to and from the F.aftward of Lundy I/land, and in and upon the feveral Creeks of the faid Channel: And whereas it is alfo expedient that the Cranekeepers and the Perfons employed by and under them at the Quays and Backs of the faid City and Port of Briftol, ftrould be regulated; and that the Rates to be received by the faid Cranei keepers, or other Perfons as aforefaid refpeclively, Inould be afeertamtd, ■'-}	-	fT	fixeu,

599

QEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 33.

fixedi,Cand eftablifiied: But inufinuch as the faid Objefls cannot be carried into EffeS Without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enaded by, the King’s inoft Excellent Majefty, by and v.'ith the Advice and Conftyit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament aft’embled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after Rates of An« the palling of this Ad, there fnall be paid and payable unto the fajd Mayor,	^

Burgeffes, and Commonalty, and their Succeflors, and their Lefiees or wharfa-re” Lefl'ee, or the Colledors or Deputies of the faid Mayor, Burgcffes, and the Port’of Commonalty, or their Lelfees or Leflee, for their Ufe, for all and every Bdftol elU-Sliip, Bark, or other Veffel anchoring or mooring at the prefent lawful w,c,e<1. Quays, or any future lawful Quay of the faid City and Port of Brijlol, by the Mafteror Commander, Owner or Owners of every Ship or Veffel, for the Anchorage or Moorage of fuch Ship or Veffel, the Rates or Duties, according to the Tonnage of fuch Ship or Veffel, particularly rated and let forth in the Firft Schedule hereunto annexed ; and there fhall be alfo paid and payable to the faid Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty, and their Succellors, or their Leffee or Leffees, Colledors or Deputies, for all Goods,- Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities xvhatfoever, landed out of or put on board of any Ship or Veffel, Ships or Veffels, on or upon ail or any of the Wharfs or Quays of or within the faid Port and City of Brijlol, except Goods brought Coallways or by Inland Navigation, by the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees, or the Perfon or Per-fons having the Charge of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Com* modities, the feveral Rates and Duties particulatized, rated, fpecified, and let forth in the Firft Schedule of Rates hereunto annexed, as far as fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities fo Ihipped or landed as aforefaid, are particularized in the faid Schedule; and that all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which are not particularized and fet forth in the faid Schedule of Rates, IhaU be charged and chargeable with, and fhall pay a Rate or Duty upon landing or ihipping on or from all or any or either of the Quays or Wharfs, in or wfthin the faid Port and City of Brijlol, equal to the Rate or Duty rated and athxed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of a fimilar Nature, Package, and Quality, in and by the faid Schedule of Rates : Provided neverthelefs, that the Confignee or Confignees, Perfon or Perfons, having Charge pf fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, fhall not be liable to the Pay-, meat of any fuch Rates, unlefs a Demand for Payment thereof (hall have been made within Two Calendar Months after fuch Rates Avail become due and payable.

II.	And be it further enabled. That if the Colleftor or Collectors of In rafe of the faid Rates and Duties, and the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Con- Diffcn\Ece iignees of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes on which°any Rate or iwtefu^ Duty is by this Aft impofed, but which are not particularized in the principal faid Firft Schedule cf Rates hereunto annexed, fhall differ and difagree Officer of with relpect to the Rate or Duty payable on or for futh Goods, Wares, *he Cufloms and Merchandizes refpectively, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Difference	to

lhall be related to Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace a fling in to be 'taker' and for the laid City and County of Brijlol, for their Determination as to what ought, under and by virtue of the Provifion herein-before contained to be paid and payable on and for fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes \

and

Goo	47°	GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 33.

and (hall be recovered and recoverable as any other Rates and Duties payable under this Ad are recoverable.

No Ship to III. And, to the Intent that the Rates and Duties herein-before men-be entered tioned may be duly accounted for and paid ; be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, no Colleftor of Ilis Majefty’s paid, £1" Cuftoms Inward in the faid Port of Brifiol, (hall, on any Account whatsoever, permit or allow any Ship or Veffel, on which any Duty is hereby made payable, to be entered Inwards, unlefs and until the Mailer or other Perfon having Charge of fuch Ship or Veffel lhall have paid the Duty hereby declared to be payable for fuch Ship or Veffel, and lhall have produced to the faid Colleftor a Certificate, under the Hand of the Officer or Perfon appointed under the Authority of this Aft to colleft and receive the laid Rates and Duties, certifying the fame to have been paid ; and that no fuch Colleftor {hall, upon any Account whatfoever, permit or allow any Goods or Merchandizes on which the before-mentioned Rate or Duty is by this Aft impofed, to be landed from any Ship or Veffel entered Inwards, or permit or fuller any Veffel to be cleared Outwards, unlefs and until the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees of the faid Goods or Merchandizes landed from or Ihipped on board fuch Ship or Veffel, lhall have paid the Rates and Duties hereby declared to be payable on or for fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and fhall, if required, have produced to the faid Colleftor a Certificate, under the Hand of the Officer or Perfon appointed under the Authority hereof to colleft or receive the faid Rates and Duties, certifying that the faid Rates and Duties have been fully paid, which refpeftivc Certificates and Signatures fuch Officeis or Perfons appointed under the Authority of tin’s Aft to receive the faid Rates and Duties, are required to fign and give accordingly without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Ufe of any Perfin who lhall fue for the fame, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with Cofts of Suit; and which Sum, when forfeited, lhall, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed, be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at YVefiminficr, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoin, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance, lhall be allowed.

Tensity on IV. And be it further enafted, That if any Mailer, Owner or Owners Mailers of ^ 0f_ or other Perfon or Perfons having Charge or Command of any Ship or Vetfel, or any Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees of, or any Kates.	other	Perfon	or	Perfons having Charge of any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandizes fnipped or landed on or from any Quay or Wharf within the laid Port and City of Brifiol, lhall at any Time or Times hereafter (after Demand made on him or them) refufe to pay to the Colleftor or Collectors appointed to receive the fame, the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, or lhall by any Ways or Means wt atioever elude or evade Payment of the faid Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall Hand charged with, and forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Double the Rates and Duties fo evaded or eluded, or the Payment whereof lhall have been re-i fufed as aforefaid ; and fuch Sum or Sums fhall within Twelve Calendar Months after the Otiencc committed, be recovered from fuch Mailer, Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees, cr other Perfon or Penbns ■J-efpcftivtly, in any of Ilis Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjler, by

Action

47° GEORG 11 Ilf. Seff. 2. Cap. 33.	6oi

Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance, lhall be allowed.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein Not tn leffen

contained lhall extend to the Prejudice or leffening the Powers or Privi- *j^	°

leges of the Quay Warden or Water Bailiff relpectively for the Time \v3rdenAVa. being, of the faid Port of Brijlol, nor to the leffening, altering, or vary- ter Bailiff, or mg, or in any Manner affefting the Duties now or at any l ime hereafter of the ayor to be had and received by the Mayor of the faid City of Brijlol for thfc of Bn^01' Time being, from Captains, Mailers, and Owners of Ships, Barks, and

other Veffels coming to the Quays or Wharfs and other Places in the faid Port of Brijlol, which have been ufually and anciently taken and received by the Mayor of the faid City for the Time being.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That, from and after the palling of For better r»-this Act, there lhall be paid and payable to the Cranekeepers, for and gulatr^ Boron Behalf of the Owners or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Meafurcr. °rn faid Cranes refpeftively, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Ihipped,

landed, or weighed at the prefent or any future Cranes or Crane on the Quays or Backs of the faid Port of Brijlol, the feveral Rates fet forth and particularized in the Second Schedule to this Aft annexed, as far as the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes weighed, landed, or {hipped, are particularized in the faid Second Schedule; and where the Goods, Wires, and Merchandizes fo weighed, landed, or {hipped, are not particularized in the Second Schedule* a Rate equal to the Rate afeertained and fixed by the faid Second Schedule, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of a fimilar Nature, Package, and Quality, the fame in cafe of any Difference or Difagreement between the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive, and the Perfon or Perfons bound to pay the fame) to be fettled and determined by Two of His Majelty’s Jultices of the Peace in and for the faid City <Sf Brijlol and County of the fame City, whofe Determination thereon, it is hereby declared, lhall be final between the faid Parties.

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the faid Rate of Cranage By whom lhall be paid and payable by the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Con- Rates of Cra-lignees. Shipper or Shippers, or any other Perfon or Perfons having Charge nage’

of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes fo Ihipped, weighed, or landed, on or meX™/™

from the Quays, Wharfs, or Backs of the faid City and Port of Brijlol; Rate, are

and in cafe the Owner or Owners, Confignee or Confignees, Shipper or Pa>'abIe-

Shippers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, lhall, upon Application

to him, them, or ar.y of them, for that Purpofe, refufe to pav any of the

faid Rates fet forth and particularized in the faid Second Schedule, or

any Part or Parts thereof, unto the Perfon or Perfons entitled by virtue 6f

this Aft to receive the fame, then the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled to

receive fuch Rate, lhall and may, within Twelve Calendar Months next

afterwards iue lor and recover the fame of fuch Owner or Owners, Con-

hgnee or Confignees, Shipper or Shippers, or other Perfon or Perfons

haying Charge of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes refpeftivelv, and

who lhall have refufed Payment thereof, by Aftion on the Cafe,, in any

cf His Majelty’s Courts ol Record at Wejiminjler; or it lhall be lawful

■ * [& Per.]	7N	to

6o3	GEORGJI	III.	Sell.	2. C^.33.

to and for the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Rates refpeftively ought to have been paid, and he and they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to feize and diffrain any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, for or in refpecl of which any of the faid Rates ought to be paid as af 'retaid, and to detain the lame untif full Payment lhall be made of fuch Rates refpeftively, together with the realbnable Goljts and Charges of taking and keeping fuch Diltrefs ; and in cafe fuch Diflrefs fhall not be redeemed within Seven Days after the taking thereof, then the fame fhall and may be appraifed and fold in like Manner as the Law direfts in Cafes of Diltrefs for Rent.

VIII.	And whereas the Rates fet forth and particularized in die faid Second Schedule, and hereby eltablilhed, may, from damming up the Water at the Quays, or other Caufes, be: more than fufficient for the Labour, Rilk, and Expence attending the landing and lhipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes; be it further - enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid City of Brijlol and County of the fame City, alfembled at any General Quarter Seffions or Adjournment thereof, after the paffing of this Ad, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon good and fufficient Proof, to the Satisfaction of the faid Jullices of the Peace lb allemblcd, that the Rates contained in the faid Second Schedule are more than fufficient for the Rilk, Labour, and Expences of landing or lhipping Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to prepare, ordain, and eftablifh another Schedule' of Rates (as the Cafe may require) to be thereafter received by the Cranekeepers; and fuch new Rate fhall be fo received until any further alteration fhall become roceflary, and Hull be made thereto by the Jullices of the Peace in and for the laid City and County in General Quarter Seffions plfembled, and which Alteration the faid Jultices of the Peace fo alfembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to- maker Provided neverthelefs, that luch Rate fhall never be increafed fo as to exceed the Rate hereby eltablilhed; and from and after fuch new Rates lhall have been, from Time to Time, ordained and eltablilhed as aforefaid, the Orders of the Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid City and County, in General Quarter Seffions alfembled as aforefaid, lhall be of as full Force and Effeft as this prefent Aft refpecting the fame refpectively, and fuch new Rate lhall be paid and payable, and there lhall be the fame Remedies for enforcing and compelling the Payment thereof, as if fuch new Rate had been originally a Fart of this Aft, and contained in the faid Second Schedule.

Veflels navi- IX. And be it further enafted. That, from and after the Firft Day of gating the Ottobcr next alter the paffing of this Aft, all Veflels failing, navigating, nel'tobe”1'3"" or Pa®nS UP> down, or upon the Brijlol Channel to the Eaftuard of conducted by Bundy JJland, except C.oafting Veflels and IrtJ).i Traders, fhall be con-Pilots li- dufted, piloted, and navigated by Pilots duly authorized and licenfed by cenfed by the the Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty of the faid City of Brijlol, by of°DPriftol°n Warrant under their Corporate Seal; and that the Mailer, Owner or Owners of every Ship or Veffel which fhall be navigated in the Limits aforefaid, without a Pilot licenfed as aforefaid, lhall forfeit double- the Sum which w'ould have been demandable for the Pilotage of fuch Ship or

Veflel,

Power to Juftices in Seffions to alter Rates.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 33.	603

Veffel, togetlier with Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of fuch Ship or Veflel.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Exemption Aft contained lhall extend to fubjeft to any Penalty any Owner or Cap- ^h^e*0 tain, or Mafter of any Coafting Veflel or Irijh Trader uflng the Navigation p^o^ an "be of the Brijlol Channel, or the Rivers Severn or Avon, upwards or down- procured, wards, or any Owner, or Captain, or	Mafter of any other Ship	or Veflel

who (hall employ	any Perfon, or aft	himfelf as a	Pilot for the	C.onduft

of his Ship or Veflel in any Cafe where a licenfed Pilot cannot be procured.

XL And be it further enacted. That no Perfon (hall take Charge of Penalty on any Veflel or in any Manner act as a Pilot, or receive any Compenfation Perfon* a&-for acting as a Pilot within the Limits aforefaid, unlefs authorized by '^houtbeing Licence under the Seal of the faid Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty licenfed. (which Licence it is hereby declared (hall exprefs the Name of the Pilot fo acting and the	Diftrict aforefaid);	and no fuch	Pilot lhall act without

having his Licence	at the Time of his	fo acting in	his perfonal	Cuftody,

ready to be produced, which lhall actually be produced to any Perfon who lhall lawfully require to fee the fame, or lhall act in the Britijh Seas out of the Limits expreffed in his Licence, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,, for the Firft Offence, and for any Second or lub-fequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the Executors or Adminiftrators Executors of of every deceafed Pilot, or other Perfon or Perfons to whofe Hands the deceafed Licence of fuch deceafed Pilot lhall come after the Death of fuch Pilot, Pilots to re-fhall without wilful Delay tranfmit fuch Licence to the faid Corporation, Licences'" on pain of forfeiting for any Negleft therein or Refufal to deliver the

fame when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall Not to ex-not extend or be conltrued to extend to hinder any Perfon or Perfons tend t0 Cafe« from aflifting any Ship or Veflel in Diftrefs, or fubjeft fuch Perfons or whe.re Ships Perfon, or the Owner or Mafter of any Ship or Veflel employing fuch trefs." ' Perfons in the Limits aforefaid, to the Penalties of this Aft; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it lhall be law- Licenfed ful for any licenfed Pilot to fuperfede any Perfon not licenfed as a Pilot Perfons may in the Charge of any Ship or Veflel within the Limits aforefaid ; and every fuPcrfedc Mafter who lhall within the Limits aforefaid, continue any Perfon not Perfo"fd licenfed as herein before mentioned, after any Pilot licenfed as aforefaid to " °"a‘ aft v'ithin the faid Limits, lhall have offered to take Charge of fuch Ship

or Veflel, and every Perfon affuming or continuing in the Charge or Conduft of any Ship or Veflel within the Limits aforefaid, without being duly licenfed as herein-before mentioned, after any other Pilot licenfed as aforefaid lhall have offered to take Charge thereof, lhall refpeftively forfeit for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XV.	And

6cH;	470	GkORGII III. SelT.2. Cap. 33.

Pilot» keep-	XV. And be it further enacted. That from and after the faid FIrft

ing Public	0f October next after the palling of this Act, if any Perfon licenfed as

™nctraedin aforefaid fliall keep or be.concerned in keeping either by himfelf or any Prances, Agent or Servant, or other Perfon, or fliall anyway be interefted in keep-agairft the ing of any Public Houfe or Tavern, or Place of Public Entertainment, or Revenue, to In the fejijng 0f any Wine or Spirituous Liquors or Tobacco, or l ea, or Licenced ^a11 commit any Offence againft any Law at Laws relating to the Revenues of.Cuftoms or Excife, or be concerned in, or fliall wilfully connive at, indirect Practices or Frauds againft the Revenues of Cuftoms or Excite, or fliall procure, abet, connive at, or participate in any Fraud, Exaction, or currupt Practice relating to Ships or Veffels in Diitrefs, or having fuffered Shipwreck, then and in fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty, on Proof made thereon to their Satisfaction, to annul the Licence of fuch Pilot, and fuch Pilot fliall be rendered wholly incapable of acting as fuch.

Pilot Boat or XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Veflel or Boat belonging Veflc-l run to a Pilot licenfed as herein-before mentioned, fliall run before any Ship anv^Ship'^to Qr Veflel not having a-licenfed Pilot on board for the Purpofe of directing be entitled te the Courfe of fucll Ship or Veflel until a Pilot can be put on board, the Rates. Pilot fo put onboard, and the Pitot to whom fuch Veflel fliall belong, draft be entitled to the Pilotage, proportiotiably and according to the Circum-ffances of the Cafe to be proved on Oath, if required.

Juft ices in S&fiions to ellablilb Pilot’s Rates.

Rates and Bye Laws to be made for the better Regulation of Pilot8 in the Briftol Channel.

XVII.	And whereas by an Aft, parted in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ail for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Briftol, Authority is given to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen, in Common Council aflembled, from Time to Time, to fix and afeertain the Rates to be taken by’ Pilots within the faid Port of Briftol, which extends to the faid Blands called The Flat Holmes and Stipe Holmes : And whereas it is expedient that fuch Authority be extended over the Whole of the Bri/lol Channel; be it therefore further enafted, that it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of the’ faid City, in Common Council aflembled, and they are hereby authorized and required to eftablifh regular Rates of Pilotage for all Pilots licenfed for the faid Bri/lol Channel, and alfo Rates or Allowances for Pilots taken to Sea; and it fliall be lawful for the faid Juftices in General Quarter' Seflions aflembled, from Time to Time to alter or vary, increafe or diminifli fuch Rates, giving Notice of fuch Rates, and of all Alterations therein, by hanging up Tables thereof at the Cuftom Houfe in the faid Port of Bri/lol.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons licenfed to aft as Pilots, or otherwife employed in any Veflel or Veffels, or Pilot Boats, fliall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, be ftibjeft to the Regulations and Government of the faid Mayor, Burgeffes, and Commonalty ; and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the faid City of Bri/lol, in Common Council aflembled, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for the Management and Government of fuch Pilots and Perfons, as for Puniflunent of Mifconduft, from Time

to

<

4 ° GEORG II HI. Seff.2. Cap. 33.

605

to Time to frame and m* ke fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, arid iCfomanccs, as they {hall think fit, which fhall, when approved of as after tier tinned, be binding and effectual on all fuch Pilots and Perfone in all Matters and Things relating to Pti tage, and alfo to annex fuch reafonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of fuch Bye Laws,

Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when made, as to them fhall leem ex* pi client in that Behalf, and from Time to Time to alter and amend all or any of the exilling Bye Laws, or to make fuch e ther new Bye Laws,

Rules, and Ordinances as they (hall think proper, fo as foch Bye Laws,

Rul-.s, a. d Ordinances, be conformable to this AT, and contain nothing repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

SIX. Provided always, That the Rates to be fixed, and all Bye Laws ^':r5 to be made under and by virrue of this Act, or the Provifions thereof, ^ u,e Jufticri before they are acted upon, fhall be examined, fanftioned, and approved m Seffions. by the J a It ices of the Peace in and for the City and County of the City of Bri «/, it General Sefiions afi’einbled, fuch Sanction and Approbation to be verified i:r ler the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the laid Const; ..nd all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations fhall be obferved and kept, a d put in Execution, and have the lame Force and Effect, and Operation, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were refpec-tivcly enacted anu declared by this Act.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That Copies of all fuch Bye Laws, Copies of

Rules, Orders, and Regulations as fiiall be lo made as afore la id, fhall bye Laws to be written or printed in large Characters, and fhall be hung up in fame ; *tfo Cuf public or conlpicuous Place in the Cuftom lloufe in the laid Port of tom Houfe. Bri/lol.	1)

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That every Pilot licenfed under this Penalty on Aft, who fhall refufe to take Charge of any Ship or VelTeL or who fhall P‘!ols re exact any Fee or Reward beyond the eflablifhed Rules of Pilotage in the char*e°f^ laid Channel, or w ho fhall quit any Ship or Veil'd, or decline the Pilotage Veffefs ° thereof, after he fiiall have been engaged or gone alongfide thereof, with- exadting out Leave of the Owner, Mailer, Captain, or Perfon having the Chief more ‘foj1 Command of fuch Ship or Vefiel, or before the Service fhall have been performed for which he was hired, or fhall, by Drunkennefs, render him- completing felf incapable of conducting fuch Ship or Vefiel, or fitall negligently, the Service, ignorantly, or wilfully run fuch Ship or Vefiel on Shore, or fhall, by hlifdirection or otherwise, do any Injury to the fame, or to the Tackle or Furniture thereof, or fhall lend his Licence or Warrant to any unlicenfed

Perfon, to enable or aflift him in afting or claiming to aft as a licenfed Pilot, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and fnall be liable to be difmiffed from being a Pilot, at the Dif-cretion of the faid Corporation.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That no Pilot or other Perfon or Per- Pfiofs ®r F«r-fons owning any Pilot Boat, or any -other Boats or Veflels ufed in a (lifting y'

Ships or Veflels in the faid Brijlol Channel, fhall charge any greater Rate ,AA. n°l

[Lee. is" Per.]

7 0

6o6	47° GEORGI1 III. Seff.2. Cap. 33,

or Sam of Money for Afiiftance, than (hall have been or (hall be allowed or fettled by the faid Juftices of the Peace in General Quarter Seffiona aifembled 5 and each and every Pilot charging any greater Rate or Sum of Money than (hall have been allowed as aforefaid, (hall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum fo charged. One Moiety thereof to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or 'Veflel, and the Remainder to the Pilots Fund, hereby authorized to be eftablifhed.

Owners of XXIII. And be it further enabled, That the Owners, Confignees, or to° pay "pilot-6 Agents °f all Foreign Ships or Veffels (hall be liable to the Payment of, ageonOath and (hall pay all Sums for Pilotage due to the Pilot or Pilots who (hall that the Cap- have piloted the faid Ship or Ve(Tel in the Brijlol Channel, on Proof being U,'d fame0t made on Oath before any Juftice of the Peace, that the fame has not been pai ame. paid by the Captain of fuch Ship or Velfel: Provided always, that fuch . Demand fnall be made and Oath taken within Two Calendar Months after fuch Pilotage becomes due.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall give falfe Evidence upon Oath befor • any Juftice of the Peace refpebting Pilotage, (hall and may be profecuted r .the fame, and upon Conviction thereof (hall be fubject to fuch Punifb-einents and Difqualifications, as any Perfon or Perfons can or may be fub-jebl to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by any of the Laws or Statutes of the Realm, bsttimrno

Perfon* taking falfe Oaths liable to the Penaltie* of Perjury.

10	,>nohjd iurtt loirt qadJfcit!w »	•	-10	vjq uifiuoD arftlniimh.

of WottT7 XXV. And be it further enabled, That all Sums of Money whi"h (hall 0	0 ® ’ become due to any licenfed Pilot for Pilotage, or by way of compenfation

or Allowance for any Services performed in the faid Brijlol Channel, (liall and may be recovered from the Owners or Mailers of Ships or Veffels, or the Owners Confignees or Agents thereof (as the Cafe may be) who have paid or made themfelves liable to pay any other Charges for fuch Ship or Veflel in the Port of her Delivery, and (hall and may be levied and recovered in fuch and the like Maimer, according to the Amount of any fuch Sum of Money refpeblively as any Penalty or Penalties may be recovered and levied under the Provtfions hereof. Demand thereof in Writing being made at lead Five Days before any fuch Levy.

ShfTenter XXVI. And be it further enabled, That every Mafter, Captain, or ing inwards Officer having the chief Command for the Time being of any .'•'hip or or clearing Veffel piloted in the faid Brijlol Channel (hall, on the Entry of his Ship Outwards, to and Veflel Inwards or clearing Outwards, or as foon after as poflible. Pilot’s Name deliver t0 1116 °®cer of the Cuftoms with whom the Entry Inwards or clearing Outwards (hall be made, the Name of the Pilot or Pilots, if any, that (hall have been employed, or have been engaged by the Owner of fuch Ship or Veflel to pilot the fame in the faid Brijlol Channel, on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Neglebl therein a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Certain Pe-naltita to be recovered before Juftices •f the Peace.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Abt impofed or to be impofed, by any Bye Law or Bye

Laws

607

4^ GEORGII III. Scff.2. (3$. 33.

Laws made under the Authority thereof* the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not before directed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or in refped of which any Sum lefs than Twenty Pounds may be awarded at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices hearing the Offence, may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar.Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Juilice or Juftices ol the Peace for the County, City, Divition, or Place where the Offence lhall be committed, or if committed by any Pilot, or Perfon or Perfons claiming, or who fhall have claimed to aft as- a Pilot or Pilots, before any Juitice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the faid City and County .of Brijio, or of the City, Town, or Port to which fuch Pilot lhall belong,' or if committed by any < )wner or Matter of any Ship or Veffel by any Juitice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the faid . City and County of Brijiol, or of the City, Town, or Port at which fuch Owner or Owners, or Mailer lhall refide, or to which the Ship of fuch Owner or Mailer lhall belong ; and fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited, or Complaint made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them, Alch Of« fender or Offenders, at the Time and Place in fuch Warrant fpecified ; and if, on the Convidion of the Offender or Offenders refpedively, or on his, her, or their Confeflion or Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice or JufticeS is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture lhall not be forthwith paid, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to commit any fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the County, Citv, or Place where the Offence lhall be committed, or in cafe the fame (hall be committed by any Pilot, then of the County, City, or Place to which fuch Pilot lhall belong, or fhall be apprehended, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor lefs than Twenty-one Days, unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, lhall be fooner paid: Provided always, that no Juitice or Magiftrate fhall in any Cafe award a Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds.	;	f

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this Ad impofed for any Offence or Offences committed againlt this Ad; or in which any greater Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the Party profecuting fneh Offence lhall proceed for any greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, lhall and may (in Cafes not herein-before othenvife dirededj be recovered by Adion ox Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjier, and wherein no Effoign, Protedion, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance lhall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences committed,

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who lhall be fummoned as a Witnefs before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, lhall refufe or negled to appear at the Time by fuch Summons appointed, and (hew no Caufe for fuch Negled or Refufal, it lhall and may be lawful for fuch Juitice or Juftices on Proof of fuch Summons having been lerved, to iffue his or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to bring fuch Perfon before him or them, and if on Appearance, or on

Other Penalties how to be recovered.

WitnefTet.

6o8

Application of Penalties.

Perfons

efcapin? into other Counties may oe followed.

MW* rot

i i v t' for X .T>,:t of I'orm.

4.7* GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 33.

being brought before any Juft ice or Juftices, fuch Perfon or Perfons ftall relufe to be examined on Oath, or being a prortffed Quaker upon folemn Affirmation, concerning the Premifes, without having iome juft Canfe for fuch Neglect or Refufal, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall forfeit for every fuch Neglett or Refufal a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as other Penalties are hereby made recoverable.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That all Fines and Penalties to be levied in purfuance of this Adt, unlefs otherwife fpecially appropriated, fhall go to and be received by the Chamberlain of the City of Brijlol for the Time being, and be applied from Time to Time in the Relief of fuper-annuated or decayed Pilots, who fhall have acted under Licences granted by this Adt, in fuch Manner as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the faid City in Common Council affembled, fhall from Time to Time appoint and diredt.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Perfon againft whom a Warrant fhall be ifltied by any Jultice or juftices before or after any Conviction for any Offence againft this Adt fhall efcape, go into a Refidence, or be in any County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Town, or Place out of the Jurifdiction of fuch Juflice or Juftices granting fuch Warrant or Warrants, or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convidted of any Offence in purfuance of this Adt fhal1 be in a different Countv, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, than where the faid Party was convict -ft, or Warrant of I) ill refs granted, it fhall be lawful for any Juf-tia or the i eace of the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, Town, or P;a.-e, into which the Party fhall efcape cither before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon O .th of the Hand Writing of any Juftice or Juftices granting fuch Warrant or Warrants, to indorfe his or their Name or Names, on fuch Warrant, and the fame, when fo indorfed, fhall be a fufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute fuch Warrant in fuch County, Riding, Divifion, Ciry, Town, or Place out of the Jurifdiction of the Juflice or Juftices refpedtively on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him .or them within their • refpedtive Jurifdidtiogs, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, and may direct the Offender or Offenderkto be carried to the Juftices or Juflice who granted the original Wart-ant to be dealt with according to Law,

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be r ide for any Sum or: Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diftrefs itfclf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor fhall the Party or Parties malting the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dif-jrtf1, or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties be deemed a V--efpaffer or I 'refpaffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity Which fhall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftrainintr, but- the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity ft all and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage fuftained in an Action on the Cafe.

6	XXXIII.	And,

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 33.	609

. XXXIII. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviaion of Offenders Conriffion of again (I this Ad; be it further enafted, That all and every Juftice and Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon lhali be convi&cd of any OfFence again(f this Aft, fhall and may in all Cafes where the Form of Convidtion is not herein-before direfted, caufc the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

*	T? E it remembered, That on the	Day	of

‘	in	the Year of our Lord

*	A. B.	is convicted before me [or, us] One [or. Two,

*	as the Cafe may be] of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the

«	[here fpecify the County, City, Divijim,

*	or Place, or City, Town, or Part where the Conviction fhall be, and alfo « the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the « Cafe may be] contrary to an Aft, paffed in the Forty-ftventh Y ear of

*	the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here infert the Title

*	of this ACt] for which Offence I adjudge the faid A. B. to have forfeited

*	the Sum of	Given	under	my	Hand

*	and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year firft beiore-‘ mentioned.’

XXXIV.	And it is hereby enacted, That no Certiorari, or other Writ or Procefs for the Removal of any fuch Conviction or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlmmjler, fhall be allowed or granted.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to Appeal, and for any Perfon or Perfons fo convicted by any Juftice or Juftices of

the Peace as before-mentioned, of any Offence or Offences againft this Act, or againft any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in purfuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Conviction, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace affembled at the General Quarter Seftions or General Seftions holden for the County, City, or Place where the Order or Conviction fo appealed againft fhall have been made, firft giving Ten Days Notice of fuch Appeal, to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft, and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace of fuch Countv, City, or Place, with fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein , and fuch Juftices fhall, upon Proof of fuch Notice having been given and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal, and may either confirm or quafh, and annul the faid Conviction, and award fuch Cofts to either Party as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Decifion of the faid Juftices therein fhall be final, binding, and conclufive, and no Proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of this Act fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts at Wejiminfter or elfewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanaing.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action fhall be Limitation brought or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thin"- done of Actiom.

[ Loc.&Per.]	‘ 7P	er

v	'	tr	r	^

610	47*	GEOR	GII	III.	Seff.2.	Cap.	33.

or to be done in purfuance or by colour of this Act, in every fuch Cafe the Action or Suit (hall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and fiiall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Caufe of Action arifes, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be thereupon had, and that the fame was done under or by virtue of this Act; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch Action or Suit lhall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the fame, then the Jury lhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall become noni'uited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict lhall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants lhall have Treble Colls, and lhall have fuch Remedies for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts of Suits in other Cafes of Law.

Pubiiek Act. XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

•FIRST

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 33.

.

‘"iy^ filr. » . / ^	^	r>	'1	jg

. , ** * *

FIRST SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Aft; being Rates of Wharrage, Anchorage, and Moorage.

RATES of ANCHORAGE and MOORAGE.

All Goading Veffels from Ports to the Weftward of-The')		s. d.
Holmes, not exceeding 40 Tons Burthen, for Anchorage 1 and Moorage, each Voyage - - - J		0 9
All Ditto at and above 40 Ions, for Ditto	“	1 6"
€	Anchorage,	Moorage,
	each-	per Ton.
	s. d.	s. d.
All other Veffels, under 30 Tons 	above 30 and under 100 Tons	1 6 5 °	0 of-0 oj
	 above 100	5 0	0 I

RATES of WHARFAGE, CANNAGE, and PLANKAGE.

Allum

Allum (Roche)

Almonds

Anr.atto

Aqua Fortis

Aloes

Anchovies

Anchor Stocks

Antimony

Archilia

Argoi

Arms

Arfenic

Allies, Pot or Pearl

------ Soap

------ Fern

——■ Wood

Bacon «•

Do.

	s. d.
- « per Ton	0 6
- - per Do.	0 6
- - per Do.	0 8
per Do.	0 8
* - per Do.	0 8
- - per Do.	0 8
- per 20 fmall Barrels	0 r
* each	0 of-
- - per Ton	0 8
- - per Do.	0 8
- per Do.	0 8
- - per Chell	0 2
- - per Ton	0 8
* - per Do.	0 5
- - per Do.	0 5
- - per 100 Bufhels	0 8
* - , per Do.	0 8
«■ - per Flitch	0
• , - per Ton	0 g

6l2

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.3$

Balks	.

Barilla •

Bark, Oak	«

Bark, Jefuits	■

---- Winters

Barrel Staves	.

Barley	-

------Pearl

Balkets (Hand)	.

'Battens	*

Bay or Woollen Yam

Beans

Beef

Beer	.	«

Bees Wax	•

Bell Metal

Blanket

Boards, Clap ■	Elm •

— ■ Paling

—	Pine

------- Pipe

...— Scale

■■■ • Wainfcot

------- Walnut

Boom Spars • Bladders Bottles, Glafs

—	----- large, or Vitriol

------- Stone

Bowfprits

Brandy

Brafs (or Battery)

—	Wire

----Wrought

Bread	.

Bricks	•

Brimftone	«

Brifties	.

Brooms, Whilk Brulhes, Hand Buckram

Bugles Bullrulhes Bullocks Gall .

Butter

Burrs (for Mill Stones)

.	- each

•	.	per Ton

. per Ton

-	per Do.

-	per Do.

-	per 1,000

-	per Quarter

-	per Ton per too Dozen

-	per 120

•	-	per Ton

per Quarter

-	per Barrel in Calks, per Ton

in Bottles, per Do.

-	per Ton

.	-	per Ton

. per Bale

-	-	per Trufs

- per 120

-	per	iooo Feet

•	-	per 120

» per Do.

-	per Do.

-	per Do. per 100 Feet

-	per Do.

-	per t2o

-	per	Hoglhead

per 10 Dozen

•	per	Dozen

-	per Do.

-	- each

-	per Ton

*	per Do.

-	per Do.

* per Do.

per Hoglhead * per 1,000

-	per Ton

-	per	Hoglhead

-	per 100 Dozen

per Hoglhead

-	per 300 Ells

-	per Ton

-	per Load

-	per Ton

t. d.

o o'

3

6

o 10 o 4 O 04. o 8 o 4

0 3 o 10 o 04 o 04 o 6 o 8 o 8 o 10 o 4

O 2

0 3 o 6 O I

0 3 o 1 o 04 o 6

o 6 o 10

O 2

04

I

8

Calamine

Calicoes

per Ton per 300 Ells

0 3

o 3

613

4?0GE.ORdn III. Sefl*. 2. Cty.33‘

			s.	d.
	C.antharides	- per too lbs.	0	2
	Camblcts	per 3 do Ells	0	2
	Cambricks	- per Box	0	2
	Candles - • «	* per Box	0	od-
	Candles, Wax	- per Box	0	1
	Capra vers ...	per 120	0	10
	Canes'or Reeds	per 1,000	0	2
l	Carpets	- per Bale	0	4
<				 -	- per Trufs	0	2
1	C apers> - -	per Hoglhead	0	2
M	Caiks f empty)	each	0	°*
•1	Cafiia<Fiftula . .	per Ton	I	O
an	Cheefe	per Ton	0	8
a i					i> .* »	per Balket	0	1
a £	C&'eck*	- per 300 Ells	6	2
«1	Chfelnnts - - #•	per 20 Bulhels	0	3
ai	Cinders - ■* ■ -	per Ton	0	3
ol	Cinnamon ...	per too lbs.	0	2
0»	Clay 0 .	per Ton	0	2
M	■—— Tobacco-pipes	- per Toil	0	3
91	—Scouring	- per Ton	0	3
M	Chalk - -	per Ton	0	3
0!	Cloth, Hair	per Piece	0	I
91	—1— iiren ..!	- per 300 Ells	0	2
0 J	Sack - -	per 300 Ells	0	2
0 1		— Sail . -	per 300 Ells	0	2
9 Oj	—•— Woollen	- per Bale	0	4
) S	—1— 0 :	per Trufs	0	2
1 6		Short	per Bale	0	4
010		0 -	per Trufs	0	2
	Cloves - -	per too lbs.	0	2
	Cochineal i -	per 100 lbs.	0	2
	Coals -	- pei; Ton	0	3
a li	Cocoa j ...	per Ton	0	10
	Coffee.- , - - -	per Ton	I	0
«1	Copper- Jo- - -	- per Ton	0	8
		Wrought •	- per Ton	I	O
	’	 Ore	per Ton	0	3
01®	Copperas	per Ton	0	8
11	Cordage ...	per Ton	0	6
9 '	Cork o	- per Ton	0	5
0)	Corks -	per ico Grole	0	2.
9 •	Corn, Wheat, Bailey, Oats, &c.	per Quarter	0	Oj-
9 •	Cotton	per Bag	0	2
0 <	*	*		 -	per Pocket	0	I
9 1	—			 Yam	- per Ton	I	0
9 1	Cotton, manufactured	per 300 Ells	0	2
9 1	Couries -	per Ton	0	8
9 <	Cows	- each	0	2
t 1	Cream, of Tartar	per Ton	0	8
0 *	Crucibles -	per Caff;	0	6
9 *	Currants	per Ton	0	8
	[Loc. Per.~\ 7			



11

47eGEORGII III. Seff.2. Cty.33

; 614.

		s.	d.
Cyder	. in Calk, per Ton	0	6
	 ' ‘	- in Bottles, per Ton	0	8
Dates or Figs *	. - per Ton	0	8
Deals *	. * per 120	0	3
Dimities	- - per 300 Ells	0	2
Dripping Pans	- - per Ton	0	8
1 tiu'- i ut]	* -		
Earthenware	- - per 1000 Pieces	0	4
Do.	- - per Crate	0	I
Do. Pots	- - per 120	0	I
Elephants Teeth	per Ton	0	8
Feathers	- * per Ton	0	8
Figs or Dates	• - per Ton	0	3
Filh, Dry	- per Ton	0	8
—	- - per Barrel	0	1
— - ■ wet	- - per Ton	0	8
—	- - per 100	0	4
	Stock	- - per Ton	0	8
Flannel	• - per Bale	0	4
.	* - per Trufs	0	2
Flax *	- * per Ton	0	10
Flocks 4	per Ton	0	8
Flour or Meal	. per Barrel or Bag	0	
Frankincenfe	- - per Ton	0	3
Frize	- per 100 Yards	0	a
Fuftians	- per 300 Ells	0	2
Galls	- - per Ton	0	3
Geneva	- - per Ton	0	8
Ginfing	- • per Ton	0	8
Ginger	- - per Ton	0	8
Glafs, Window	• - per Cheft	0	1
		Broken	- per Box	0	°i
	Broken	- - per Ton	0	8
GlafTes, Drinking	* per 1,000 Pieces	0	4
	- - per Crate	0	i '
Glue • •	. - per Ton	0	8
Graves	* - per Ton	0	3
Gridirons	■ - per Ton	0	8
Guinea Grains	* per Hogfhead	0	2
Grograms	- 1 per 100 Eils	0	2
Gum	* per Ton	0	8
Gunpowder	- - per Barrel	0	1
	* per 12 Kegs	0	2
Hair, of Horfes or Cattle	* - per Ton	0	4
Hams	* • per Ton	0	8
	- • each	0	oi

47° GEO£< GM .HI.	Cup.	33.

i

\

'I

'J

I

'I

M

5|

• I

II

»l

t|

il

11

c!

»(

01

:i

IH

ll

0 I}

ci 0 1 9 )

0	I

01 01 01 91 9 il 91

0	t

91

(i

1!

11

41

01

01

»'

1 *

1J

31

9 4

6r 5

		s.	d.
Handfcopps.	per Dozen	0	
Handfpii.es	- per 120	0	5
Hals ...	per Hogfhead	0	a
Hay 1 • -	. per Ton	0	6
Herrings	- per Barrel	0	Ov
Helebore	- per I on	0	10
Hemp ...	- per Ton	0	10
Hogs or Pigs	- per Score	0	2
Hides	- per Dozen	p	4
Hogiheads (empty)	- - each	0	°i
Hogfhead Staves	per 1,000	0	4
Hogs Lard	per Ton	0	8
Horfes	- each	0	2
Honey ...	- per Ton	0	8
Hoops *■	- per 1,000	0	4
Hops - * -	per Bag	0	a
—	- per Pocket	0	1
Horn, or Horn Tips	per-1,000	0	1
Hotwell Water - *	per Bafket	0	®i
Jalop ...	- per Ton	0	8
India Goods	per Package	0	4
Indigo	- per 100 lbs	0	3
Iron, Pig	- per Ton	0	6
	Call (Inwards)	- per Ton	0	3
	(Outwards)	per Ton	0	6
		Wrought	* per Ton	0	8
— — Broken or Bufh&l	• per Ton	0	3
	Bar	- per Ton	0	6
	Shot or Guns (Inwards)	- per Ton	0	3
		—	(Outwards)	- - per Ton	0	6
Iron Pots	. per Dozen	0	a
	Wire	» per Ton	1	O
Ifmglafs . . .	per Barrel	0	X
Jugs, Stone	per Dozen	0	°T
Juniper Berries •	- per Ton	0	8
Ivory Black	* per Cwt.	O	5
Junk	• per Ton	O	3
Kelp	- per Ton	0	3
Lampblack	per Cwt.	0	s
Laths	» per i,ooo	0	z
Lead	- per Ton	0	6
	Ore	- per Ton	O	3
Lead, Red or White	- per Ton	O	I
—— Shot T	- per Ton	0	6
Lemons and Oranges	- per 10,000	0	8
Lees of Wine	r per Ton	O	6
Lime ...	per Chaldron	a	3
Lime Juice	- per Tun	0	8
Liquorice . .	- per Ton	0	8

6i6

47* GE0RGI1 III. Sett. 2. Cap. 33

Litharge	- . - per Ton	s. d. 0 8
Mace	. - per 100 lbs.	0 2
Madder	- - - per Ton	0 8
Manna	per 100 lbs.	O ■;
Marble	- - per Ton, i6Eeet	0 8
Malls	- - each	0 I
Match	- . per Ton	0 6
Mats	- - per 120	0 2
Molafl'es .	per Ton	0 8
Mum	- - per Ton	0 8
Mulk	• - per 100 lbs.	0 3
Myrrh	per 100 lbs.	0 3
Nails	per Ton	0 6
Neats Tongues	- - per Barrel	0 of.
Natron	- per Keg - - per Ton	O O O
Nutmegs	per 100 lbs.	0 2
Nuts	- - per Barrel	0 Of
Oaker	per Ton	0 8
—	- per Barrel	0 of
Oak Timber	- - • per Load	0 3
	Plank	per 120	0 3
	Quarter	per 100 Pieces	0 3
	Knees, large	- - - - each	0 of.
	fmail  Oil, Train ,	* - - each - - per Ton	0 of 0 6
	Olive	* - - per Ton	0 8
	L infeed	per Ton	0 8
	of Almonds	- - - per, Ton	0 8
—— of Vitriol	- - per Ton	0 8
	Neatsfoot	per Ton	0 8
	of 1 urpentine	* "i - per Ton	0 8
Oakum	- - per Ton	0 4
Oars	per 120	O JO
Oats	' - per Quarter	0 of.
Oranges and Lemons	. - per 10,000	0 8
Ox Bows	- • per Dozen	0 ol
Ox Bones and Hoofs	- - per 1,000	0 of
Olives	- per Hoglhead	O 2
Opium	- - per 100 lbs.	0 3

Paper, White

----- Brown

Plainer of Paris Pelts of Skins Peafe Pepper.

Pearl Barley Pewter	-	-

per 40 Reams	0 2
per Do.	0 r
- per Ten	0 8
per 1,000	0 6
per Quarter	0 of
per 100 lbs.	0 2
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 10

47° GEORGII III. Scfl'.a. Cap. 33.	617

				s.	d.
Pewter Plates		..	per Box or Barrel	0	*
Pimento			per Hoglhead	0	2
—		-	- per Bag	0	°r
Pitch		.	- per Barrel	0	°T
Plank, Oak -	-		- per 100 Feet	0	3
	 Fir		--	- per Do.	0	3
Elm		.	- - per Do.	0	3
Pork			- per Barrel	0	
Pilchards	-	- .	- per Barrel	0	°T
Potatoes		• .	- per Ton	0	3
Pigs or Hogs	-	-	- per Score	0	2
Prunes			- per Ton	0	5
Quarter, Oak		- „	- per 100 Feet	0	3
	 Deal	-	.	- per ico Pieces	0	3
Quickfilver		>	per 100 lbs.	0	3
Quills			- - per 10,000	0	I
Rags		. -	- per Ton	0	3
Raifins		-	- per Ton	0	8
Rape of Grapes	.	■	- per Ton	0	8
Rattans	-	*	per 1,000	0	2
Reeds or Canes		.	- per i,coo	0	2
Rhubarb		-	- per 100 lbs.	0	2
Rofin	«	-	- per Ton	0	4
Rugs	-	-	- -per Bale	0	4
—	-		- per Trufs	0	2
Rum *	-	.	- per Tun	0	8
Rye	-	-	• per Quarter	0	°r
Rice	*		- per Ton	0	8
Saddle Trees	O		per Dozen	0	°T
Saffron .	*	•	per 100 lbs.	0	3
Salt (Inwards)		•	per Ton, 40 Bulhels	0	I
	(Outwards)	, -	•	- per Do.	0	2
Saltpetre		.	- per Ton	0	8
Sarfaparilla  Saffaffas	r "	"	- per Ton - per Ton	0  0	8  8
Seeds, Clover	.	.	- per Ton	0	8
	.	a	per 20 Bulhels	0	I
•	 Millet		- -	- per Ton	0	8
•	 Hemp	--	--	- per Quarter	0	
*	 Flax .		-	- per Do.	0	°T
—			* •	- per Ton	0	8
—— Canary	.	•	per 20 Bulhels	0	1
	 Rape •			- per Ton	0	8
	 Coriander		m -	per Ton	0	8
		« -	- per 20 Bulhels	0	1
	 Carraway	-	■	per Ton	0	$
	-		per 20 Bulhels	0	1
—— Anife „		*» •	- per Ton	0	8
~ ' 1			* per 20 Bulhels	0	1
[Lee. Ss* Per.]		7R			

£i8	470	GEORGII

Seeds, Lints

-----Muftard

Scythe or Whet Stones

Shreds of Leather

ShrutF

Shumack

Silk

-----Wrought

Skins or Pelts

-----Calves

•----Deers

-----Goat or Kid

— Rabbit —1— Seal

-----Beaver

—— Sheep —■— Lamb Smalt Snuff Soap

Snakeroot

Spanilh Brown

Spars, Oars, &c.

Spermaceti

Slates or Tiles

Spelter

Spice

Starch

Staves

Steel

Stockings Stone, Free

----- Paving, wrought

----- Do. unwrought

----- Pumice

----- Whet or Scythe

-----. Grind

----- Mill

-------- Rag

----- Burrs

Sugar

----- Refined

Tallow

Tamarinds

Tar

Tarras

Tea

Tripe

Thrums

Dies, Pan

—— Maltfters

III. Sefls2. Cap. 33.

	s. d.
. . . per Quarter	0 0^
- per Ton	0 8
- per 1,000	0 1
. - per Ton	0 6
- - per Ton	0 8
- per Ton	0 8
- per Bale	0 4
per Do.	0 4
- - per x,ooo	0 6
- per .20 Dozen	0 4
per Score, 40 lbs.	0 1
- - per. 1,000	0 6
per Do.	0 6
per Score	0 1
- . per Do.	0 1
per 1,000	0 6
- - per Do.	0 6
- per Ton	0 8
- - per Cwt.	0 3
. - per 1 on	0 8
■ - . per 100 lbs.	0 3
- - per Do,	0 3
• * per 120	0 10
- - per Cwt.	0 10
- it • per 1,000	0 1
* - per Ton	0 8
- - per 100 lbs.	0 2
- - per Box	o 04
- . per 1,000	0 4
- k per. Ion	0 8
- per 20 Dozen	0 1
per Ton	0 3
- . per Ton	0 6
" - per Toh	0 3
- - per Ton	0 6
- per 1,0.0	0 1
r - .per Chaldron	0 3
- - per Do.	0 3
per 1,000	0 1
- - per 120	0 8
- perjdogfhead	0 2
- -. per Ton	0 8
- - per Ton	0 8
per 100 lbs.	0 3
- - . per Barrel	0 0-£
- per Do.	0 1
- per Package	0 4
- „ per k.eg	0 0^
- ~ per Ton	0 8
- . per i,ooo	0 3
-• per Do.	-a 6

47° GEORGII III. Seir.2. Cap. 33.

Tiles, Cornini Timber, Oak •	Fir

------ Elm

Tin

Tinplates

Tobacco

------ manufactured

Tobacco Pipes Tortoifelhell Turpentine Tow

Turmerick

Treenails or Trunnels

Veils Calves

Verdigreafe

Vermillion

Vermicelli

Vinegar

Ufers

Umber

Wine	»

Wick Yarn

Wheat

Woad

Wood, Brazilletto

----- Ebony

----- Fleet

----- Fuftic

-----. Lignumvitae

•	---- Mahogany

-----Nicaragua

•	--- Logwood

----- Sweet

•	- Red

----- Sanders

------- Lath

----- Fire

Wool

-----Irilli

-----Spanilh

-----Rabbits

Yarn, Bay or Woollen

■------ Linen

----- Cotton

Cordage

-----Wick

	s. d.
* per 1,000	0 1
per Load	° 3
per Load	0 3
per Do.	0 3
per Ton	0 8
per Box;	0
per Hoglhead	0 2
per Box	0 1
per Box	0 0‘
per 100 lbs.	0 3
- per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 10
per 100 lb s	0 3
per t,ooo	0 2
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	1 4
- per Ton	1 4
per 100 lbs.	0 3
- per Ton	0 6
- per 120	0 10
per Ton	0 8
per Tun	0 8
- per Pack	0 4
per Sack	0 1
per Quarter	0 04
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 8
- per Ton	0 6
per Ton	0 6
per Ton	0 3
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 6
per Ton	0 8
per Ton	0 8
per Fathom	0 1
per Fathom	0 1
per Bag	0 2
- per Bag	0 2
- per Bag	0 2
per Bag	0 1
per iao lbs.	0 3
per Ton	0 10
per Ton	1 0
per Ton	1 0
per Ton	0 6
j per Pack	0 4
per Sack	0 1

620

47° GEORG1I HI. Self. 2. Cap. 33.

SECOND SCHEDULE referred to; being Rates for landing and fliipping Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at the prefent or any future Cranes in the Port of Briftol.

	Landing or	Icandingand
\'l .0,-4 ‘	Shipping.	W eigtung.
‘ " **	s. d.	s. d.
AnchovieS - - per Score Barrels	0 8	0 10
		 - - per Score Kegs	0 6	0 8
Almonds, Argol, Alum, Annatto, and Annifeed, per Ton	0 ro	1 0
Alabafter ... per Ton	0 8	0 10
Allies, Pot and Pearl - - per Ton	0 10	1 0
A flies. Wood in Bags or Sacks, not exceeding Five		
Bulhels each	°..1	0 1
Arms - - ^ - per Chert	0 2	
Anchors, 5 Cwt. and under - - each	° 3	
	 from 5 to 7 c. - - . each	0 4	
	from 7 to 10 c. - - each	0 6	
	from 19 to 1 j c. - - each	1 0	
	 all above - - - per Ton	i 6	
Apples iii Hogfheads - «■ each	0 4	
.	in Tierces - - - each	° 3	
	in Barrels ... each	0 1	
	in Hampers - - each	0 1	
Affes - - each	1 6	
American Boards, Planks, and other Lumber, per Ton, of		
40 folid Feet, and Piling. (See Deals.)	1 6	
- » •  Brafs, in Cafks - - per Ton	0 10	1 0
	 Ingots, loofe ... per Ton	I O	1 2
	 Wire ... per Ton	0 10	
Beef • - - per Tierce	0 if	O 2
	 . - - - per Barrel	O I	0 14
		 * - per Half Barrel	0 04	0 of
	 - - - per Hamefs Tub	O.	
Blubber ... per Ton	O 10	I 0
Butter from Ireland, in Cafks of So lbs. and above per Ton	I O	x 3
■	in Firkins * - per Score	0 8	0 10
- - — in Kegs - - - ger Score	0 6	0 8
■	from Wales, in Cafks of 50 to 112 lbs. per Score	0 8	0 10
■	in Do. above 1 c. and not 2 c. - - each	O I	..
	in Pots - - - per Score	0 10	
Beer or Porter per Butt or Puncheon, of or under		
* 120 Gallons	0 4	
— * ; above *20 Gallbns	0 6	
*		

47* GEORGII III. SefT. 2. . Cap. 33.

621

Beer in Barrels of 6 to the Tun	-	-	each

Beer and bottled Liquors in Hampers, not exceeding Three

Dozen of 4. to 5 Dozen in Puncheons or Iiogfheads in Tierces in Barrels

Bacon	-	■■

------ in Chefts or Bale

Brimftone, Barilla, and Burrflones

Bridles

Beans

Bones

Bulruihes

Bells

Bread

Beads Bellows, Smith’s

------- fmall, in Bundles of 6 each

Bottles, Pottles

------- Quarts

------- Pints	-

Biicks and Pantiles	-	*

Paving Bricks and Malrkiln Tiles Large Fire Bricks

Black Jack	-	.

Bark	-

Brandy, in Pieces, from 150 to 200 Gallons Bulls, Oxen or Cows

per Score per Hamper «	each

- each - each

-	per Ton

each per Ton - per Ton per Punch.

-	per 120 per Score Bundles

per Ton

-	per Puncheon per Hogfhead

per Bag per Cheft or Caik

-	per Box - per Pair

Cun-ants

Chalk

Com, Beans, Malt and Seeds

----in Sacks above 5 Bufhels each

Cotton

per

per Bale per Pocket

Cordage Coffee and Cocoa Cork .

Cables	.	.

Cyder, in Hogfheads of 100 to 120 Gallons

------ in Barrels of Co Gallons

—-----in Kilderkins

Copper

Copper One, Copperas, and Calamy {Lee. & iVr.]	7	s

per Grofs Do. Do.

-	per M. per Dozen

per Ton

-	per Ton per Ton

caeh

per Puncheon

-	each

per Ton

-	per Ton Score Bufhels

or large Bag or fmall Bag

-	per Ton per Ton

-	per Ton per Ton

each - each - each

per Ton

Landing or Shipping.

Landing and Weighing.

3

1

3

0

3

4

01 4

2. d.

I O I 2

O IO

2 6

I o

o 10

24-

iL

t o

O 10

47° GEORG 11 III. SeR.2. Gap. 33.

622

Caines or Reeds

Coals

Cheefe

Carriages; a 'Waggon

•	------ Cart

--------- Coach and	4	Wheels

•	------ Chaile and	4	Do.

---------Chaife and	2	Do.

Clay

Cornifli Tiles, in Hhds.

------------- in	Tierces

Cloth, a Pack

------ a Bale

------ a Trufs

Calves

Corpfe

-	-	per	Bundle

per Chaldron of 36 Bulliels per Ton ■	.	per	Hhd.

- per Tierce per Ton

per Ton each each

Dye Stuffs, in Hhds. not exceeding 12 c.

--------— in Do. above 12 c.

■--------- in	Tierces

----------- in	Barrels

■--------- in Bags, id. each, or

Drugs, of all Sorts

------- in large Baikets, Boxes, or Jars

------- in fmall	Do.

Deals, &c. (See American Boards-.)

Thicknefs.

~ C 2^ to ^ In.

o /

p (-----------

.ST 2 In.

W I------

Double Half-Deals Single Do.

All under Half Deals Battens, double —— Angle Fire and Latlnvood

Length.

9 to 12 Ft.. 13 to 17 Ft. 18 to 20 Ft. 9 to 14 Ft. 15 to 20 Ft. 9 to 14 Ft. 15 to 20 Ft.

per

Lafhs, 4 Feet long

----- 3 Do.

Oars, and ) under 15 Ft. Oar Rafters J all above

-	each Do.

each - each

-	per Ton per Ton

-	each

- each

C. of 6 Score Do.

per Fathom per Cord per-M.

-	per M.

-	per Dozen

Do.

Landing or		Landing and
Shipping.		Weighing.
V.	d.	s. d.
O	04	
O	8	
0	6	
0	4	
0	3	
I	O	
5	0	
2	6	
5	0	
3	0	
I	6	
0	10	
0	6	
0	4	
0	4	
.0	3	
0	Ly	—
0	2	
5	O	
O	4	
0	6	
O	3	
O	I	
O	IO	I O
O	10	I O
O	I	?nr ■
O	o,L	
		»*. *• -
2	O	• vb" t.vT
3	6	
5	6	
I	6	
2	O	
2	O	
2	6	
O	IO	RC>*. J
O	6	■ 			
I	O	
O	9	
I	O	
0	8	

o 4

0 3 ° 3 o 4

47° GEORGII III. Sel. 2. Caf>.$3.

623

Deal Planks:

Thicknefs.

2	to 2-j. In.

3	In-

Paling 1 double Board J Angle Riga Logs

Length.

20 to 30 Ft. 30 to 44 Ft. 30 to 36 Ft.

- each each each

per C. of 6 Score Do.

each each

14 Ft. long 7 Ft. long Others in Proportion.

Mads and Balk. '('See Timber.)

Spars, round, from 6 to 9 In. through the Middle	each

-----	-	4 to 5 Inches	•	each

-----	-	all	under	4	Inches	-	each

Small Spars or Boathook, Staff or Handfpikes, per Doz. Ufers, from 18 to 27 Feet	-	-	each

------	-	28	Feet,	and	upwards	-	each

Wainfcotting, 1 Inch Boards	-	per C. of 6 Score

Elm Boards, 1 Inch thick, not exceeding 16 Feet long,

per Score

——---------- f	In.	Do.	-	-	16 Do. Do.

-------------i	16 Do. Do.

Elm Planks,	2 In. thick,	not	exceeding	16	Ft. long,	each

-----------■	3 Do.	-	16	Do.	each

-------------4	Do.	-	16	Do.	each

Upwards

Elephant’s Teeth Earth, in Cafks

------ loofe

Earthenware

Eggs, in Chefts

-----in Boxes, not exceeding 1 Cwt.

Empty Soap Chefts or Boxes Empty large Cafks

■----- fmall Do. and Barrels

------ Powder Kegs

Freeftone Flour

Figs, in fmall Boxes or Frails

for every 5 Feet

per Ton - per Ton - per Ton per large Crate per fmall Do.

per Elhd. per Puncheon each each per Score each

-	each

- per Score

per Ton of 20 folid Feet

-	per Sack

-	per	Puncheon

-	per Barrel per f Barrel

per Score -	per Ton

b inding and

s. d.

4

2i

0

3

2

4

3 3

6

1

Or

of

8

10

s. d.

1 r

4

♦i"*V

624.

47° G E.O RGII III. Sell’ 2. Cap. 33.

Fifh, wet or dry		- per Ton	s. d. 0 10	s. d. 1 0
Flax	-	per Ton	1 0	1 3
Feathers	-	- per Ton	1 4	1 6
Flint Stones	-	per Ton	0 8	0 10
Felloe, Waggon	-	per Set of 13	0 2	

— Coach

Glue, Gum, and Ginger

Grindftones

Gunpowder

Guns, under 20 Cwt.

----- from 20 Cwt. upwards

Gun Stocks Glafs, old

Gun Flints, in Calks of about 5 Cwt. each

-	-	per	Ton

-	per	Ton

- per Barrel

per Score Kegs -	. -	each

-	per	Ton

-	-	per Dozen

-	-	per	Ton

-	-	per Hhd.

per Tierce per Barrel, Box, Cheft, &c.

per Ton each

Glafs, and Glafs Wares, in Hhds.

--------------in Puncheotls

---------------—-------- in Sides, Crates, or Cribs

-------------------in Boxes	- per	Score

per Score per Score Kegs per Score per Score

------------------------in	4	or	t	Boxes

Grits, Split Peafe, Oatmeal, &c.

-----in Jugs or Jars, not exceeding 3 G' each

-----in Do. of 3 to 6 Gallons each

Hoops, Trufs

------- Wood, per Score Bundle; of 30 Hoops

-------Barrel or Kilderkin

------■-* Hhd. rind

-------Barrel Do.

-------Kilderkin Do.

• Firkin and fmal! Calk

Hemp Horns Horn Tips Hides, Ox and Cow

-----Buffalo, or dry

Herrings, wet or dry

---------in	Bulk

Hops

Hoofs

Hogs - r Horfes

per Set each

• per Score per Score per Score per Score per Score per Ton per 120 per 120 per Score per Score per Barrel per Meafure per Bag per Pocket per 120 - each

Landing or Shipping.

Landing and Weighing.

IO

8

o 10 o 4 0 3

o

O 2 O 10

8

6

o

3

10

6

0 3 5 °

1 3

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.33.

Landing or Shipping.

			X.	d.
Horn Slugs	m	- per 100	0	1
Helm Straw	-	per Score Bundles	0	4
Hay		- per Ton	I	8
Hair, Horns, Cow and Horfe Tails		- per Pack	0	4
Hair in Bags, not exceeding i	Cwt.	- each	0	1
Hats		- per Idhd.	0	4
- T A	»	per Puncheon	0	3
,	. *	M	per Cheft or Cafe	0	2
■ ■ • M		- per Box	0	t
Houfehold Furniture:				
•	 Cheft of Drawers	*	.	0	4
	Bureau	M	.	0	4
Bed	.	.	0	2
•	 Bedilead	.	.	0	2
■	 Table, large	-	.	0	3
■	fmall or round		-	0	I
	Clock and Cafe	»	.	0	3
—	Sofa		■	0	6
——	 Chair *	.	.	0	cj
	Chefts		.	0	3
	Boxes »	*	•	0	2
Junk • i	*	* per Ton	0	8
juniper Berries •		- per Bag	0	I
			-	- per Ton	0	10
Indigo	-	per Ton	0	10
I on in Bar s, or Pig	-	- per Ton	0	7
Iron Hoops anti Sheet Iron	-	per Ton	0	7
	all manufactured	-	- per Toft	0	7
	Pots, and all hollow Ware		- per Ton	I	0
	Ore	-	- per Ton	0	7
Ironware and Nails :				
Shovels, Scvthes, See.	-	per Bundle of Six	O	°r
A Cafe, not exceeding 3 Cwt.		-	O	
Box orB&iket	-	.		
Hcgfhead	-	-	O	4
Tierce or Puncheon	.			
Barrel	-		O	2
Half Barrel or Firkin	-			
Kegs, Bags, or f Bags	-	« per Score	O	10
above	i Cwt.	-	I	6
Callings of extra Weights,	to be rated	as marble Blocks.		
Ifinglafs	-	- per Ton	O	IO
India Goods *	.	per Butt	0	6
-	-	per Hhd.	0	4
-	.	per Puncheon	O	4
				- -	per Cheft	0	5
	-	per Cafe or Trunk	O	2
[Lee. & PerJ]	?T			0

625

Landing and Weighing.

x. d.

o 10

0	i'

1	o I o o 9 o 9 o 9

o 9

626

47* GE0RG1I III. Sell*. 2. Cap.12

Kelp

Lampblack

Linen

Lemons and Oranges, in Chefls ■------ in i Chefts or Boxes *,•

per Score - -	per Score

-	per	Ton

per Ton per Dicker of i o Hides per Do.

*	-	per Hhd.

■----	-	-	per	Ti:?rce	or Puncheon

-----------	-	per Barrel

-----in Kilderkins, Firkins, or fmall Gafk>,	per’Score

Lard

Lead, and Lead Ore Leather, WeKh, tanned

--------Engljlh,	tanned

Lime

Millflones and Marble Blocks, or any Thing of }. Ton

■	-------- -	-	-l-y	I	ons

-------------------------  r	2	'Foils

--------- -	-	2	t	Tons

•--------	-	-	3	Tons

---------------------------  -	4	'Lons

All above 4	-	per	Ton

N. B. Mill Stones and Marble Blocks to be computed at 12 folid Ft. to a Ton, Freeftone 2c Ft. to a Ton.

MolalTes	-	-	per	Ton

------- (Ship)	-	-	per Hhd. or Punch.

-------------------------...	per	Tierce

Mahogany	-	-	per	Ton, of 40 folid Feet

■	------------------------  per	I	on,	if piled and weighed

Madder	-	-	-	per	1'on

Mats -	-	-	-	per	Dozen

Magnus	-	-	-	per	Ton

Mules	-	-	each

Mill Cafes	-	-	per	Ton

Natron

Nuts, in Bags of 3 Bulliels, and upwards per Score Bufcels

per Ton

Landing or Shipping

..	per Ton

per Score bis. per Puncheon per Pack -	-	per Bale

per Box pet11 large died per fma'd Chefl the ) Bale from Dantzic ;	-	per	Trufs

s. d.

o 10

o 4 o 4 o 6 o 4

0 1 o 6 o 4

0 3

0 5 0 5

o 4

0 3

o 1 o 10

10

3

10

10

6

10

Landing and

Weighing.

I O

o to

I o £ O

47° GEORGII III. Se(T. 2. Cap. 33.

627

Oil

— in fmall Jars, under 3 Gallons Oil Cake, loofe	-

■--------in Calks

Oakum

Ochre	-	.

Onions

Ox Bows

Olives, in fmall Jars or Kegs Pork

Pitch	...

-----Stone, in Bulk

Pimento, Pepper, and Prunes Paper, of fmall Pack, of 1 o Reams

■-------large Sheeting, and Sugar Houfe,	per Pt

------ Prefs or Pafteboard

per Bundle, not exceeding 4. Cwt. Pelts, or Wet Sheepfkins Potatoes

Paving Stones Pipes, in large Boxes

----- in fmall Do.

Paint, in Kegs, to 56 lbs.

---- in Do. above 56 lbs.

Puncheon, and Hhd. Packs Pewter and Lead Pipes

-------in Hhds.

-------Puncheons or Tierces

-------Barrels

Quills

«. per Ton per Score

-	per Ton

-	per Ton

-	per Hhd per Puncheon

-	per Ton per Ton

per Balket

-	per Dozen

-	per Score

per Tierce per Barrel per 4 Barrel per Barrel per Ton

-	per Ton

xk of 4 Reams per Ton - each per too

-	per Ton per Sack

per Balket per Yard per Score per Score per Score

-	per Score

-	each

per Pack per Hhd. per Bag

d.

10

8

o

10

4

3

10

10

o o! o 1

o 10 o 10 O 3

0	5

1	o o 1 o 6 o 10

Landing and Weighing.

S. d.

o 8

Raifins, Solis

■------ Belvidere

Rotten Stone

per Score Barrels per Score 4 Barrels per Score 4 Barrels *	-	per	Score fmall Boxes

*	-	- per Score Jars

and Lipary, in Frails or Balkets, per Ton ‘	-	per	Hhd.

1 8 o 10 o 8 o 6

0	8'

1	o

o 4

2 O I o O 10 o 8

0	10

1	3

628	47°GEORGII	III.	Seff.2.	Cap.	33.

.... v-r.ihcgJ. |		Landing or	Landing and
		Shipping.	Weighing.
		s. d.	S. d.
Rotten Stone -	- per Tierce	° 3	
Rum and Rolling	per Puncheon	0 6	
—	- per Hhd.	0 4	
Rags in Bags	. per 'I on	0 10	I O
	loofe m •	► - per Ton	1 0	i 6
Rice . .	- per Ton	0 10	1 0
Roffn	- per Ton	0 10	1 0
Ragfiones	- per Ton	1 0	
Rock Salt	• - per Ton	0 10	1 0
■	putting, over the Side	- Do.	0 10	I O
0  Staves from Hambro’ and Quebec Pipe - per M.		3 0	
	Hogfhead	- per M.	2 6	
	Barrel	- - per M.	2 O	
	American Pipe	- - per M.	2 6	
•	Hogfhead and Heading	- - per M.	2 O	
■	Barrel	- - per M.	i 6	
	Englifh Barrel	- per M.	1 3	
Smaller in Proportion.			
Sugar	per Ton	010	1 0
	 Ship Mufcovado	per Hhd.	0 4	
■		- - per Tierce	° 3	
				 Refined	per Hhd.	0 4	■>
	:		per Puncheon or Tierce	° 3	
	 Lumps r	- per Score	0 6	-
Salt and Saltpetre	- per Ton	0 s	0 IO
	(Shipping)	per Hhd.	0 4	
			- per Tierce or Puncheon	0 3	
Skins from Ireland	- - per Hhd.	0 4	
	from Newfoundland	per Hhd. of 63 Gallons	0 3	
	per Tierce	0 3	
		from Ireland, &c.	per Cheft	0 3	
	E^glifii Calves	per Pack of 6 Dozen	0 3	
- — Calves, wet - -	per Score	0 2	
•			 dry or tanned	per Eundle of a Dozen	0 04	
	Seal	- per Score	O 2	
	 Welfh Calves in the Hair	' per Pack	O 4	
Shumack and Sapphora	- - per Ton	0 IO	I 0
Soapers Wafte ar.d Scruff	- per Ton	0 8 -	0 IO
Saffafras and Sarfaparilla	per Ton	1 2	i 4
	Shruir	Do.	010	I 0
Scythe Stones	per 5 Dozen	0 il	
Sail Cloth	per Score Pieces	0 8	
Stones, Rag	per Ton	1 0	
Spokes, Waggon or Coach	per Round of 50	0 4	
Screeds or Glue Pieces	per Pack	0 4	
		 loofe	* - per Ton	1 6	
Sand Scourings	- per Ton	0 IO	



4;0 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cdp.yy

*629

Sand, Ifle of Wight, and others

Straw

Sheep

Stockings

Starch and Smelt

Shot in Calks or Bags

Salmon

Spirits

in fmaller Calks

Slates

Soap and Candles

Still and Heads Soot

Stourbridge and other Bricks

Sugar Moulds ----- Drips

per Ton per Score Sheaves

-	each per Pack

per Half Pack

-	per	Hhd.

per Tierce or Puncheon

-	per	Cheft

-	per	Ton

per Kitt

per Puncheon

-	per	Hhd.

-	per Barrel

-	per Half Barrel

-	per	Score

per Ton per Cheft -	-	per	Box

per Half or Quarter Barrel for every 100 Gallons per Puncheon per Hhd. r-	-	per	M.

per Score

-	per	Do.

Tallow in Calks

Turpentine and Tar	;

Tobacco (landing)

------- ((hipping)

Timber -	-	per	Ton	of	40	Feet,

Tin

Plates, in double Boxes in Angle Do.

*	per	Ton

per Score Barrels

per Hhd. per Do. round or fquare per Block or Barrel

*	each each

per Ton per 100 per too per Bundle per Score Kegs

*	per	Cheft

—	-	-	per Half Cheft

~	-	-	-	per Quarter Cheft

Teaches and Furnaces of Copper or Iron, to too Gallons each -------	-	-	for each too Gallons above

Tarras	.	-	per	Ton

Turmeric Treenails, round

----------fquare

Twigs

Tripe

Tea

Verdigreafe, in Calks

-------------loofe

[2.W. ts-' Per.]

l?T]

per Ton Do.

Landing or Shipping,

O 4

O 2

O 4

0 3

O 2 O JO O o). 0	6

0 3 o 14

O I

O 10

3 6 o 8

4

10

8

6

4

oi

8

3

Landing and Weighing.

S. d-

■ uni

ifv«

*630

47° GE0RG1I III. Sefl.2. Cap.-3.

Velves

Vitriol

Vitriol Bottles, empty

Do.

per Bottle per Score

Wine

Wine

landing and rolling,

per Butt or Pipe per Hoglhead per Quarter Calk per Ton per Bag per Pack

Wax

Wool, Spanilh

•----Englilh

Wood; viz.

Boxwood, Camwood, Nicaragua, Brazilletto, and young Fuftic	-	-	per	Ton

Logwood, Fuftic, Ebony, Lignumviue, Redwood, and

other Dying Wood For Heels and Pattens Welds Woad

Wheel and Handbarrows

■Wheels, Waggon, of 6 Inch Width, and upwards Waggon, Cart, or Coach

Water

Woollens

Wire

Worms

Yarn, of Linen, Woollen, Bay, or Cotton, ---- Wick

per Ton per Ton per Bundle per Hhd. each per Pair per Pair per Butt per Leager per Puncheon per Hoglhead per Barrel - per Bale per Trufs per Bundle - per Ton

per Pack per Bag

Landing or ,Landing and Shipping. Weighing,

s. d. o 10 o t

o 6

o 6 o 4

0	2

1	4

0 2 o 4

s. d.

I ®

I C

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1807.



J It

o | n

0

01 6

ItU^

ANNO QUADR AGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

******************************************************

Cap. 34-

An Aft for empowering the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Kent to make a fair and equal County-Rate for the faid County ; and provide convenient Court Houfes for holding the Aftizes and General Quarter Seflions of the Peace and other public Meetings within the faid County.

[ ift Augujl 1807.]

yHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty-third Year of the \/\/	His	prefent	Majefty, intituled, An Ail for repealing <3g-j- c-i*

V T fo much of an API, made in the Ninth Tear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An Ad to enable the juftices of the Peace,

‘ ading for the Wejlern Div'fion of the County of Kent, to purchafe a con-c venient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the faid County, and for 1 empowering the faid Juftices to apply Part of the County Stock of thefaid

* Divi/ion towards thefame, as requires that the faid Gaol Jhould be repaired

* excluftvely at the Expence of the faid Wejlern Divifton, and for the better ‘ Regulation and Payment of the publick Expences of the faid County :*

And whereas it is expedient that Power and Authority Ihould be given to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Kent in their General or Quarter Seffions aflembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpofe to aflefs and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and every the Parilhes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, and Places within the faid County, according to the annual Rent or Value of Eftates therein, for and towards the fame : And whereas the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the faid County of Kent are holden at Maid-

\_Loc. fs5 Per.~\	7	U	J-	flout

\

630	47°	GEORG! I Iii. Seir.2. Cap. ^4.

Jione in the Weftern Divifioii of the fait) Countv, and at the Old Caftle of Canterbury, near the City at Canterbury in the Eaftern Divifion of the faid County : And whereas t he Coort-Houfes or Buildings in which the Afiizes and the faid General Quarter Stilions ol the Peace for the faid County have been fo holdcii as afore'a’d, are too (mall and othtrwife inconvenient and incommodious; and it is become expedient and neceflary for the Adminillracion of Juftice, tltat the Juflices of the Peace for the faid County thould be empowered to ereft, build, or otherwife provide, as when and where Occafion may require, proper Court-Houfes with other Accommodations to anfwer the public Purpo'e, of the faid County, and to purchal’e fuch Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premiles as may be necefTary for fuch Purpofes, and to defray the Expences thereof by and out of the public Stock and County Rates of the laid County; but fuch Purpofes cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore pleaie your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thL prefent Parliament ailembled, and by juftice? of	the Authority of the fame, That Irom and after the palling of this Aft

Seftfons^nay	t^le Jviltice? of the Peace for the faid County of Kent in thrir General or

afleisthe	Quarter Sefiions aftembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments

County.	thereof, fhall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required

from Time to Time to afiefs and tax to the County Rates all and every Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet, and Place within the faid County, rateabiy and in equal Proportions, according to the annual Rent or Value of Eftates within fuch Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Ii.mlet, and Place relpeftively.

Rental of th* II. And in order the better to enable the faid Juftices of the Peace for the deHveredto* feift County °f Kent, to ailels and tax rateabiy and in equal Proportions, ail and every fuch Par;fhes, Towns, Liberties, Precinfts, Villages, Hamlets and Places ; be it further enafted, That at the next General Quarter Sefiions of.the Peace to be holden in and for the faid County of Kent after the palling of this Aft the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid feveral Pariilics, Towns, Liberties, Precinfts. Villages, Hamlets, and Places, fhall and they art hereby required to make a Return in Writing to the faid Juftices in Sefiions afiembied, which keturn fhall be verified upon Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the fame, by the Perfon or Per fops fo delivering, in the fame, or the total Amouni of the Rental or Value of the feveral Eftates, and rateable Property within the Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Elatnlet, or Place to which they fhall refpeftively belong, charged or afiefi'ed to the Poors Rate c>f and in fuch Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet, or Place at the l ime of making fuch Return, or liable fo to be, and the Mode adopted of making fuch Rate lhall be ftated and pointed our in Writing upon fuch Return, and verified as afortfaid by fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers, in order that tile faid Juftices may be enabled to dj .cover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Efta es within fuch feveral Parilhes, Towns, Liberties, Precinfts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overfeeri of the Poor of all and every Parilb, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village,

Hamlet,

next Quarter Sefliout.

Rental of Farifhcs to be returned annually to the Quarter Sefiions.

631

47° G E O R G11 HI. SefT. 1. Cap, 34.

Hamlet, or Place within the find County, or fame or one of them dull in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and in the Seventh, and every fucceeding" Seventh Year, from and after the faid Year One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, at the Mick elm.is Charter Sefiions to be holden in and for the faid County, or at fome Adjournment thereof, and oitener if the Jull ces in Sefiions fh.ilI require, make a Return to the Jultices of the Peace then and there affembled, of the total Amount of the Rental or ' a'ue of F.dates within fuch refpeflive Par;(hes, Towns, Liberties, Precndbs,

Villages, Hamlets, or Places at the Time of making the Lift preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the feveral Perfons and Parties charged with fuch Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money rated or charged on fuch federal Perfons and Parties refpc&ively, and {hall alfo ftate and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making fuch Rate upon fuch Return, and (hall verify every fuch Return up mt ‘

Oath in Manner aforefaid, an 1 every fuch Return Ihall be ftgned with the Name or Names of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers fo making fuch Rate.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed,That in cafe any Churchwarden or Over- Pj-n*’fv on feer of the Poor of any of the feveral Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Pre-	and

cinfts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the faid County, (hall neglect Ove.ic r*not or make Default in making any fuch Returns in Manner a fpre faid * I Returns, then and in every fuch Cafi- each and every luch Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor fo negletting or making Default (without fuffi-cient Excufe to be allowed by the faid Jultices in their faid General or Quarter Sefiions) flrall forfeit and pay fuch Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds as flrall or may be ordered or adjudged by the faid Jullices in their General or Quarter Sefiions afifetnbled, by way of Penalty for fuch Negieft or Default, and in cafe any fuch Penalty Ihall not be forthwith paid, it Hull and may be lawful to and for the faid Jultices in fuch Sefiions flembled, and they are hereby directed to iliue their Warrant to the High Conftahle of the Divilion where fuch Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precintt, Village, Hamlet, or Place lhalfbe fitu-i ateJ, directing him to levy fuch Penalty upon the refpedtive Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchw’arden and Overfeer of the Poor of the Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Ifamlet, or Place fo nrg. lecting or making Default, in like Manner and with fuch Powers and Authorities as the faid High Conltable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majelty King George the Second, intituled,. jin Ah! for the more eafy afejing, coUctling, air’d levying County Rates, veiled with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overfeers t>f the Poor, the, Sunr alTeHld for the County Rates.

Tv. And be it further cnafted, That if any Churchwarden or Church- Pariihej may wardens oj Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor flrall negled or mak«i ^th^u^no Default in making fuch Return or Returns as aforefaid, or if it, Return made, fhall happen that, notwithftanding the incutring of any fuch Penalty pr Penalties as aforefaid, for or on account of fuch Negleft or Default or Return for any Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precina, Village,

Hamlet, or Place, Ihall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Jullices, and they are hereby required,

either

6^2	47°GEORGI1 iie Se/r.2. Cap. 34.

either at the faid Quarter Seffions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or ac fotne fubfequent General or Quarter Seffions to be held for the faid County, or at fome Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rare and aflefs each and every the Pariffi, Town, l.iberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Oveifeer or O^erleers. of the Poor, (hall have fo negkfted or made Default in making fuch Return as aforefaid, for and towards the faid County Rate, according to fuch Eftimate, of the juft and (air annual Rent or Value of the Eftates within fuch Pariffi, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Pariffies, Townffiips, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places refpeclively, as the faid Juftices (hall be able to procure by any other Means tnan the Returrs which are by this Act required to be made as aforefaid, and to order fuch Allowance and Com-penfation to be made to the Conftables and other Perfons within the feveral Diftrifts and Divifions in the faid County for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, coliefling, and levying the fame, as to the faid Juftices (hall appear reafonable and proper, and all fuch Allowances, Compenfations, and other F.xpences as (hall be thereby incurred, (hall be by the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Kent in their General or Quarter Seffions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournment thereof afiembleri, charged upon the Pariffi, Town, Liberty, Precinfl, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor fhall have fo neglefted or made Default as aforefaid in Addition to the Proportion of the faid County Rate to be paid by fuch Pariffi, Town, Liberty, Precinfl, Village, Hamlet, or Place, and fuch Allowances, Compenfations, and Expences, (hall and may be raifed, levied, and col-lefted by fuch and the like Ways and Means as the faid County Rate can or may be railed, levied, and collefled, and (hall be paid therewith.

Patifhe* may be aflefied whcie no toor's Rate is collected.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That in any Pariffi, Townffiip, Liberty, Precinfl, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Place in the laid County of Kent, where no Rate is or (hall be made and collefled for the Relief of the Poor, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, in their General Quarter Seffions aflembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direft the Sum of Money which (hall from Time to Time be alfcfied as or for the County Rate upon fuch Paiiffi, Townffiip, Liberty, Precinfl, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Piace, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by fuch One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers in fuch and the fameManner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law direfted to be rated or levied, which Sum fo rated and levied (hail be paid by fuch One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Con-ftable of the Hundred or Divifion wherein fuch Pariffi, Townffiip, Liberty, Precinfl, Hamlet, extia-parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to fuch One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, by the faid Chief Conftable of fuch Hundred or Divifion, which Demand the faid Chief Conftable is hereby required to make at fuch Times as the faid Juftices of the Peace (hall by their Order in Seffions direft; and in cafe fuch One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers,

(hall

47° GEORG II Iir. Seff.2. Cap. 34.	633

/hall negleft or refufe to pay the Sum or Sums fo affeffed, as and for a County Hate, after Demand made as aforefaid, fuch Chief Conftabfe fhall, and is hereby empowered to levy the lame by Difltefs and Sole of the Goods and Chattels of fuch One or more Inhabitant oj Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers fo relufing or neglecting 10 pay the lame as aforefaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Kent, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the IVloi ey affelled and the Cl arg s of the Diflrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if fuch One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, fhall pay fuch Sum before the fame fhall be fo by him rated and levied as aforelaid, he, (he, or they may afterwards rate and levy the fame, or fhall and may be allowed and reimburfed the faid Sum of Money, by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands within fuchParilh, Towr.fhip, Liberty, Precinct,

Hamlet, extra parochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County (hall order and dircCt, and fhall be fubjeit and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Rec very thereof, by Diflrefs and Sale, in Lafes of Non-payment, as are httein-before given to the Chief Cunftable.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Ail-wing an Churchwardens, Oveifeer or Overfeers of the Poor of any Parilh, Town;

Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in the faid County, fhall at any Time or Times ha\e Reafon to believe that fuch Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, is over-rated by any Rate to be made in purfuance of this Act, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Churchwarden or Churchwardens,

Overfcer or Overfeers of the Poor to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County at their next General or General Quarter Seffions, or at any Adjournment thereof, againft fuch Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place in which fuch Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfcer or Overfeers lhall ferve fuch Offices refpectively, and the laid Juftices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give fuch Appe'lant or Appellants fuch Relief as to them the laid Juftices in their Discretion fhall appear fair, juft, and equitable : Provided nevertheiefs, that upon fuch Appeal no fuch Hate fhall be quaffed or deftroyed in regard to any other Parifh,

Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Harrier, or Place, or Perfon or Per-fons affeffed thereby ; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Ufage, or Cuflom to the contrary thereof, in anywife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That if any other Perfon or Perfons fhall think Appeal in him elf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing oll"rClfe!' done in purfuance of this Act or the Powers hereby given, then and in every fuch Cale he, file, or they fhall and may appeal to the faid Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, at their next General or General Quarter Seffions to be holden next after any fuch Caufe of Appeal fhall have arifen; and ihe faid Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seffions affembl d, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give to all fuch Appellants fuch Relief as in theirDifcretion fhall appear fair and juft.

Expence* of Appeal* .o ne paid by Parilhes appealing.

Extending former Acts to ihis Act.

Expences of the Act.

Ju (licet may order Allow* in.cl to Conftiblej

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 34.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe of any Appeals, Adions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Parilh and Parilh, or betwixt any Perfon or Perfons, and any Parilh or Parilhes, or any Perfon or Per-fons refpeding any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, or any other Aft or Ads relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all fuch Ap-p als, Adions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, (hall be borne and paid by fuch refpedive Parilhes and Perfons, or luch oi them, and in fuch Proportions as the faid Juilices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Sdlions fliall award and order the lame, or as fuch Courts wherein fuch Adions, Suits, cr Proceedings fliall be inilituted, (hall adjudge and order, and fliall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

X.	And be it further enaded and declared, That all and-every the Claufes, Powers, Diredions, Provifions, and Authorities contained in the faid recited Ads made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Gecrge the Second, and in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, and fo much of an Ad made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Georg: the Second, intituled, An ACl to continueftveral Laws therein mentioned for punijhing fttcb Perfons as Jhall iwilfully and malt clou fly full down or deftroy Turnpikes ; for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Wcrks ercCled by Authority of Parliament; for snaking Rivers navigable; for presenting Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames IVeflward, and for afeertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the faid River-, for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrefs, and for the better fecuring the lawful Trade of His Majefly’s Subjects to and from the Fall Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majefly’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commiffiens, and for limiting the Time forfuing forth IVrits of Certiorari upon Proceedings before JuJlices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner of applying for the fame ; for the better and more fpeedy Execution of Proctfs within particular Franchifes or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Juflicei of the Peace of Counties touching County Rates, to the j'ufliccs of the Peace of fuch Liberties and Franchifes as have Commiffions of the Peace within thenfelves, as relates to County Rates, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), and fliall be good, valid, and effedual for carrying this Ad into Execution.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That all the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Ad, and of carrying the feveral Powers and Purpofes thereof into Execution, fliall be borne and paid by the faid County, in fuch Proportions as the Charges, Burthens, and Expences arifing within the County, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, are, by the faid recited Ad made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, direded to be paid ; (that is to fay), One-Fourth Part thereof fliall be borne and paid by theEaftern Divifion of the faid County, and the other Three-Fourth Parts thereof ihail be borne and paid by the Weftern Divifion of the faid County.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it fliall and may be lawful for the Juilices of the Peace for the faid Couniy of Kent, in their General or Quarter Seflions aflembled, to order luch Allowance and Compcnfation to be made to the Conftables and other Perfons within fuch Dillrids and Diviftons in the (aid County, where no Rate is or (hall be made for the

,	1»	Relief

I#

635

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 34.

Relief of the Poor for their Expences and Trouble in collecting and levying the faid County Rate, within fuch DiftriCts and Divifions as to the faid Juflitres (hall appear reafonable and proper, and to charge fuch Allowance and Compenfation upon fuch DiftriCts and Divifions, in Addition to their Proportion of the faid County Rate; and all fuch Allowances,

Compenfations, and Expences, fhall and may be raifed, levied, and collected by fuch and the fame Ways and Means as the faid County Rate can and may be raifed, levied, and collected, and 11.all be paid therewith.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That at the next General Quarter Seflions miy of the Peace to be holden after the palling of this ACt in and tor the faid County of Kent, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, erected, and afterwards at any future General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid County, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Jultices of the Peace for the faid County, then and there affembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make fuch Order or Orders for ereCfing, building, and providing One or more Court-Houfes with other neceffary Buildings and fuitable Accommodations for the more convenient holding of the Aflizes, the General Quarter S. (lions of the Peace, and other public Meetings for the faid County, and for furnifhing, repairing, maintaining, and fupporting the fame when fo built and ereCted, or for the furnifhing, repairing, maintaining, and fupporting any Court-Houfe or Court-Houfes already built, with the Appurtenances thereto, as co them the faid Jultices fo affembled, or the major Part of them, fhall from Time to Time appear expedient and neceffary, and* alfo to make fuch Older or Orders for the paying, difeharging, and defraying all the Expences, Cods, and Charges of and attending the ereding, building, purchafing, providing, furnifhing, repairing, maintaining, and fupporting the fame or any of them, and alfo effecting and carrying into Execution the fcveral Purpofes of this ACt, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the faid County, as to the faid Jultices fo affembled, or the major Part of them, fhall feem right and prfiper, fubjeCt to fuch ReltriCtions and Provifions as are herein-after contained; and they the faid Jultices or the major Part of them fo affembled, are hereby authorized to caufe fuch of the prefent Seflions Houfes for the faid County of Kent, and Offices or other Buildings thereunto belonging, or any Parc or Parts thereof, as^is or are the Property of the County to be taken down, and to ufe and employ fuch Part of the Materials as lhall be fit and proper in building any new Court-Houfe or Court-Houfes with the neceffary Accommodations thereto, or to fall and difpofe of the faid Materials as they now Hand, or of fuch Part of the fame as lhall not be made ufe of in any fuch new Court-Houfe or Court-Houfes with the neceffaiy Accommodations thereto, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall be willing to purchafe the fame, either together or feparately, and alfo to make any ContraCt or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, with any Perfon or Perfons for all or any of the Purpofes atorefaid.

/

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid Jultices of the Peace at JuRicrs miy any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment or £»',*<}’*** Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them then and there affembled,

(hail and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to lime to treat, comraCt, and agree with the Owners of and Perfons

intcrelted

636

47° G'EORGII III. Scfi: 2. Cap. 34.

interefted in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditam-nts which the faid Jultices or the major Part of them fo alfembled as aforefaid (hall judge to be proper and neceffary, for the Putpofesol this Aft, for the Purcnafe thereof, and by and out of the faid public Stick and County Rates of the faid County to pay or cau'e to be paid for the i urchafe or iuch Houles, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be agreed upon between fuch Owners and Perlous interefted as aforefaid, and the faid Jultices or the major Part of them, and alfo the Colts and Charges attending fuch Agreement and Purchafe as dorefaid, and upon Payment or Tender of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchafe of any fuch Houfes, Bu (dings. Lands or Hereditaments as aforela d, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of England, for the Pttrpofes of being difpofed of in Manner by this Aft direfted, it lhail and may be lawful to and for the faid Jultices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents at any Time thereafter to take Polfelfion of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and that the Whole and every Part thereof lhall be, and the lame are hereby declared to be veiled in the Jultices of the Peace for the faid County for the Time being, for the Purpofes of th;s Aft.

r"a|b'in?ate; XV. And be it further enafted. That it lhall and may be lawful to an 1 Pe Ions	for ad Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

ted.	or Sole and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or

for Years determinable on- any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Hulbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and I iots, and other Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of theinfelvrs, their Heirs and Succefibrs, but alf) tor and on Behalf of their Cejtuique Tru s, whether Infants, Iffbe unborn, Lur.aticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or lhall be feized in their own Right, and all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who are or (hail be feized of or interefted in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which lhall be thought necefiary by the faid Jultices or the major Part of them afletnblcd at their General Qu irter Sefi’mn of the Peace or at any Adjournment or Adjourmneits thereof to be purchafed for the feveral Purpofes of this Aft, to treat, c-intraft, and agree with the faid Jultices or the major Part of them f r the Sale thereof, or of anv Part thereof, and to fell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Eftate, Rii;ht, Title, and Inrercft whatfoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the Juffices of the Peace for the faid County, for the Purpofes of this Aft, and all Contrafts Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made, by virtue and in pursuance of this Aft, lhall without any Fine O' Fines Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Aflurances in theLtw whatfoever, be good, valid, and effVftual, to all Intents and Purpofes. not only to convey the Effate and Intrreft of the Perfon and Perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all Right, Eftate, Intereft, Ufe, Property, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of their faid fever.1 and refpective Cejluique Trulls, and all Perfons whomfoever, claiming or to claim, by, Irom, or under hem, and of all Perfons intitled in Remainder or Revrrfion, expeftant on any fuch particular Eftate, and the fame (hall be deemed and confiJered to bar the Dower and Dowers of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and all Eftates Tail, and other Eftates in Poffeffion, Reverfiun, Remainder, or Expeftancy, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or any other Matter or i'hing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof



H ■

S

f*k)

S0!H

'Mil

ItltiSI

0,Qj

Udi

itaia

itoss

Wit

Mat! Ipp xdaU inW, ■Lma n W Behalf ti , Mob, 2nd all : {axed or i»J fa oi 10lK

rtf

liA*

nffa

10*

, 10 ® 10^ iiW jocti-f

feia*5

fiS^

jd®1 0%' W tt, ^ Do*"

3^

I#

ll/

ii

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff,2. Cap. 3.4.	637

in ar.ywife notwithfianding ; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminirtrators, Hufbands,

Guardians, Committees, Truftees, and all other Perfons, are and fliail be hereby indemnified for what they fhali do by virtue and in purfuance of this Aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhali be agreed to ^--inh"f;ins be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, £,uur„ie*'ao0j, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the ».ia upwards. Purpofes thereof, which (hail belong to any 3ody Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Adminiflrator, Hufband,

Guardian, Committee, or other Truflee, or for or on Behalf of any Infant,

Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, Ceftuique Trull, oi to any other Perfon • whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in flrift or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fetch Money fh ill, in cafe the fame fhali amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant , General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Juflices of the Peace for thefaid County for the l ime being, to the Intent that fuch Money fhali be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of thefaid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferted in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purehafe or Redemption of the Land Tax; or Difcharge ofany Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court fhali authorife to be paid affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Land-',

Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhali not be fo , applied, then the fame fhali be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in , the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhali be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or . fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhali be exifling undetermined, and capable of taking Efteft; and in the mean Time and until fuch Putchafe fhali be made, the faid Monies (hall . by. Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per (.er.tum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, lhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were madr. j ‘ * [Loc. & Per.']	7	T

XVII. Provided

47” GEORGII III. Sell: 2. Cap. 34

XVH. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any Money fo agreed fo be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the PuTpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Pcrfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time beitlg entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-mtnts fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committeee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be ngnified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Paid Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order fo be applied in manner herein-before direfted, or otherwife, the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fu<_h Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, fuch Nomination and Approbation to befignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in manner herein-before directed fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

if under *oi. XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo agreed to b? paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame flull be applied to the Uleof the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Julhc.es of the Peace, or the major Pa> t of them, fo aflembled aa af-refaid, fhall think fir, or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

■Whfr- any XIX. Provided always, and be It further enafted. That where any CHieftion QueHiun (hall fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant the Money. General of the Court of Ch ncery in purfuance of this Aft, for the Pur-chaie of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance ol this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeflion of fuch Pet Tons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entii led to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poll fiion, until the contrary fhall befhewn to the Satisfaftion erf the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unltfs, it fhall

638

It lefs thin flit Hum ol 2001. and above 20I

47° G E OR G11 III. SefT. 2.	Cap*	34.

be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perf'Mi or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Lftate or Intereft therein.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, Thar where, by reafon of

any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation en- rear, nabie titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed p*Pe|"3C|'’ess°^ under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the iame (hall b p.id ny be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Truttees. Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the tike Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Pure’ f-:s from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this AT, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the Juftices of the Peace out of .the County Rate, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums.of Money fer fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That all Sales, Conveyances, and Affu- Form °f rancis of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the L'J.nvc^,*ncc faid Juftices of the Peace for the County of Kent, (hall be made in the

Form or to the Effect following ; videlicet,

‘ t A.B. of	in	Confideration	of	the	Sum	of

*	1 paid by the Juftires of the Peace for the County of Kent, acting by

*	virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-feventh Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here infert theTiUe of this *. A£V\ do hereby grant and releafe to the faid Juftices and their Succe(T>rs,

*	Juftices for the faid County, all [here Jefo ibe the Premifes to be conveyed]

‘ and all my Right, Title, and Intcreft to and in the fame and every Part ‘ thereof; to hold to the faid Juftices and their Succeffirs, Juftices of

*	the faid County for ever: In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fet my

*	Hand and Seal this	Day of	in	the	Year

*	of Our Lord

And every fuch Sale, Conveyance, and Affurance fo made, (hall be good, valid, and effeftual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as to and againft the Perfon or Perfons making the fame, and his, her, or their Cejluique Trulls, and all other Perfons claiming or to claim by, from, under, or in Truft for him, her, or them refpeftively, or in Remainder,

Reverfion, or Expectancy as aforefaid, and the fame fhall be deemed and conftdered to bar the Dower and Dowers of fuch Perfon and Periqns, and

-	all Eftates Tail, and all Eftates in Poffeflion, Reverfion, Remainder, or . Expectancy, the Iffue and Itiues of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and every

Perfon claiming or to claim under them refpectively, as effectually as . tines and Recoveries would do if levied or luffcred by the Parties inte-

-	refted, and fuch Parties had been adult and without Impediment; any Law, Statute, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanuing.

XXII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and juft;CM

for the faid Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seflions of the <*ll old Court Peace, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major KouCe*-Paft of them, then and there affcmbled, to fell and difpofe of and by

Indenture

64.0

4V* GE0RG11 III. ScfT.2. Cap."34.

Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, to grant and convey by way of abfolure Sale in Fee Simple lor a Confideration in Money, ail or any Part or Parts of the prefent Court Houfes, and of the Scites thereof, as is or are the Property of the County, or of either of them, or of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as may have been fo purchased, as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Jullices not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft, and upon Payment of the Money which (hall arife by or from the Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the Treafurer or Cletk of the Peace of the faid County to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which Receipts (hall be fuflicient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purc.hafe Money for which fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (hail be fo fold, or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipts (hall be acknowledged or expreffed to be received, and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lodes, Mifapplication, or Non-application cf fuch Purchafe Money or any Part thereof.

M-ney to be XXIII. And be it further enafted, That the Monies arifing from the bfcount1 A'd Sa*e of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (hall be applied and Rate.	difpofed of by the faid Juftices, in the Purchafe of the Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, or in Aid of the County Rate.

pnti.fhtng XXIV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall wil-d.m'.'jM.?	and	malicioufly	break,	pull down, or in any Manner damage or

Coj.t Houfer, deftroy any of the faid Court Houfes or Buildings fo to be repaired, maintained, lupported, provided, erefted, or purchafed as aforelaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, fuch Perfon or Perfons being lawfully convicted thereof (lull be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom fuch P.rfon or Perfons (hall be tried, (hall have full Power and Authority either to order fuch Perfon or Perfons to be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years to fuch Place, and in fuch Manner, as other Felons are directed to be tranfported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to fufFcr fuch Corporal Punifhment, or to be punifhed by Fine, Imprifonment, or o.herwife as the Court befo e whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tried (hall feem proper to order or inflift ; and the Juftices of the Peace ' for the Taid County in Quarter Sefiions aflembled, are hereby authorized from l ime to Time to order fu> h Offender or Offenders as alorefaid, to be profecuted by Indiftment or Indiftments at the Aflizes for the County of Kent, and to direft the Expences of fuch Profecutions to be paid by the Treafurer or Trcafurers of the faid County for the Time being, out of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the faid County, and in every fuch Indiftment or Indiftments, fuch Court Houfeor Court Houfes, or other Building or Buildings (hall be ailedged and deferibed, and deemed and taken to be the Court Houfe or Court Houfes, or Building or Buildings fas the Cafe may happen) of “ the JufLces of the Peace for the County of Kent," without particularly dating or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any of the faid Juftices.

Juftlcci may

Sbe^STi. XXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it (hall and may repairing be lawful to and for the faid Juftices aflembled in fuch General Quarter

etlur Court	. _	o	A-	'

Husk*.	to	..	Seffions

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.s. Cap. 34.	6+t

Seflions as aforefaid, to make any Order or Orders for the granting and contributing by and out of the publick Stock or County Rates of the laid County, of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they the laid Juftices < r the major Part of them fo afletnbled as aforefaid, (hall front Time to Time deetn requifite and neceflary for the Purpoie of rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging any Court Houfe or Court Iloules, Or any Building or Buildings ufed for that Purpofe, now the Property of any Corporation or Corporations, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or ci any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, in any of the faid Towns or Places at which the laid General Quarter Seftiotns ol the Peace have been ufually held ; provided that the tree and uninterrupted Life and Enjoyment of any fuch Court Houfe or Court Moults, or Building or Buildings ufed for that Purpofe, towards the rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging, whereof any Sum or Sums of M ney which Ihatil be fo granted or contributed as aforefaid, lliall be for ever aiterwards effectual!. fecured to the Ufe of the Juftices of the Peace for the faid Counts tor the P rpofes herein-atter mentioned, any 1 hing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Anri be it further enacted. That all and every the faid Court Houfe and Buddings fo to be provided or erechd as aforefaid, and the Buildings, i,i .ii; jjiist*,. L inds, or Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, and every Matter a id Thing appertaining, or in anywife relating thereunto, or to any of the.n. (hall at all Times from and after the purchafing thereof, be veiled in, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the Juftices of the P ace f .r the County ot Kent for the lime being, up n the Trod, and to .lie End, Intent, and Pu pofe that the laid Juftices fh It and do from T oe >Tiu>e,audat all 1'imes tor ever hereafter,peaceably and quietly alio jv, pe Mi!, .,r,d uffer the Afiizes, the Courts of Quarter Stflions of the Peace, and all nrher Courts and Meetings to be holJen tor the Public Ad miniftra-tio of Ju ice, oi for iranl iciing the Publick Affairs and Bufinel of the hid Coumy, to be noldeu and kept in the laid fcveral Court Houfes or Buildings, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and alfo allow, p ini'. and fufFer the lame to be had, ufed, and enjoyed for all fuch other Pubi-.v k Ules and Purpoles as the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County or the .jor P.,rt of them, at their General Quarter Seflions of the Peace fhah i Time to lime direct, order, or appoint, uitn free Liberty for all Pen whom it lhall or may concern to act and officiate in, and to retort to, and attend upon the laid Courts and Meetings as thev (hall have occafion or think proper.

XXV ll. And be it further enaded, That the faid Juftices of the Peace for the lime being may fue and be ued in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for or in refped of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter or Thing made or done by them or any of them under the Authority of this Act, or for or in relped of any NuiTance, Encroachment, or Trcfpais made, done, or committed by any Perfon or .‘erl'ons whomfoevtr, in or upon the faid Court Houfes, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of them, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof refpec-tiy 1 v, or in or upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of this Ad purchafed by the faid Juftices, cr in or upon any Part or Parts thereof relptdive1,, n the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid Counrv, or I is Deputy for the Time being; and in the commence ,', [Lee. Per. j	7	Z	profecutimr

Juflic^s may l.it; in the Na»<e ot 1 he Clerk of the Peace

64z	47® GEORGII	III. SeIT.2. Cap.34,

profecuting, carrying on, and defending all fuch, Actions or Suits, fuch Court Houfes, Buildings, Appurtenances, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fhall be deemed and confidered in Law to be, and (hall be de* fcribed to be in the Poffeffion of the Juftices ot the Peace/or the County of Kent for the Time being, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoevtr; and no fuch Adion or Suit to be brought or commenced by or againft: theta the faid Jultices or any of them by virtue of this Ad, in the Name of the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, (hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or by any Act of the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, done without the Confent of the faid Juftices of the Peace for the 'l’ime being, but that fuch Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, (hall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Action or Suit; and that in all and every fuch Action and Adions, Suit and Suits to be brought and commen.ed as aforefud, no Perion or Perfons whofoever fhall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reafon of his, her, or their paying or contributing towards the Pubiiek Stock of the faid County, or by reafon of his, her, or their being charged with or liable to pay or paying any of the County Rates of the faid County: Provided always, that every fuch Clerk'of th Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, (hall be from Time to Time forthwith by Order of the faid Juftices in Sellions affembled, or the major Part of them, reimburied and paid by the Treafurer of the faid County out of the Publics Stock and County Rates of the faid County, all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Etxpences as he or they (hall be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aloiefiid.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any Adion, to be commenced againft any Per-fon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlcfs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Plate or Places of Abode Twenty-one Days before fuch Adion (hail be commenced of fticb intended Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Adion, nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in luch Adion, if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his,'her, or their Attorney, by or onBehalf of theDefendantorDefendants, before fuch Adion brought, and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and maybe lawful to and for theDcfendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, by Leave of the Court where fuch Adion lhall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement (hall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That no Adion or Suit A«tio.ii. fhall be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done, or to be done by virtue, or in purfu-ance of this Ad, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or the Caufe of fuch Adion (hall have arifen, and every fuch Adion (hall be brought and laid in the County of Kent, and not elfewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit (hall and may plead at his, her, or their Eledtoj), .	;	[	fpecially

*

Plaintiff not to recorrr if tiifticienl Amends be offered.

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 34.

fpecially or the General I(Tue,and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in purluance or by the Authority of this Aft, and if upon the Trial of fuch Aftion or Suit it lhall appear to have been fo done, or that fuch Action or Suit (hall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after fuch Notice lhall have been given as aforefaid, or after a fuf-ficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every of the faid Cafes the Jury (hall find a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a Verdift lhall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein (hall difcontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or fhall be nonfuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againfl fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants lhall recover Treble Cofls, and have fuch and the like Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cofls of Suit iii any other Cafes by Law.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, ..That this Aft (hall be deemed and Publi. taken to be a Publick Aft, and inail be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Aiidsew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majelty. 1007.

.1 •, 'Is-

Ml

■ Jili hr; -	,	all.	>	■

[«:!;	.	■	-	....... 5

' . . . . -v, ;i	.	la

i •	.	iijijf	i v>. . i .-is i	• -i M* vt ro..

V.	;	„	;	s-oi-	"	'	i	.	•-	•••*

.	•!	;	r.'i	'	Stasd	»'if! 1;.. 1 -S3*.;	3.	Ill

rj!T S.1 't-ii • —.	i. 13 as fciauba*.	::r	.ir::

§f.s . '' .	so	-,L	iris'Vi.. jx.ai.:jsl*i *>..J-*;!jriTSt *it

>	’	* -b... - .■ in : :ti;;nD

;/i:	-jtl	:	.} "<•. ..'oV JS_ hi:*-t

. i	i	V.	r:	tcS	Ifsfii	fsits&V

.......... .............................. it * • ,1 • - •>

..	-	.	iii	ut	ihicUt	'.all .a lasta A.Q -xiixula

*. Jis-J; ’ j. tr;a.. sCJ ac- « i> : > ,bs :

. ’ . 'il V3 c; :b 0911 > . hi;i;i.-:icf tr> '

.	.•	\	i -i’! :5' ’f; -y i ■ .is (,	-r^v	■	v

■	• - ■■	'> *	' 8 * 5 -l-;1’-- »' .c I- V

.V. ...	(. .:.tC -'iu V- ~-O

I ; .	'■	-	i'.:s3	;i	»«!?.	.	tA

\ ’ ’ (>e'	.	.	-j-A ,:i ■	-	ui

•	-	.	•	•	...	•	-	I	>	,	L	c--c-	L	tf!

4 J, j	•	..	}•	v\^	A	*»*'•	-

'



' it&j;:

. . « Sjt*K W' ■.	r .	I

I*-'} a ‘ V . . iR

%.{



■o i f:	;..	J

". ■	.	'•	.	.	.'j











ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMG

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a*#******##***#***************************************

An Adi to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne, his Heirs and Afligns, to repair and enlarge or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan ; and to improve the faid Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and Veffels

ip THEREAS the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of %/» / Aberayron, in the P2ri(h of Henfcniew, and in the Manor of ▼ v Llyfwen otherwife Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan, is become ruinous and infufficient for the Accommodation and Pro-teftion of the Ships and Veffels retorting to the faid Harbour : And whereas Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne Clerk, Lord of the faid Manor of Llyfwen otherwife Aberayron, is willing and defirous, at his own Expence, to rebuild, enlarge, improve, and maintain the faid Quay or Pier, and alfo to improve the faid Harbour : And whereas the Rates or cuftomary Dues payable by the Owners and Matters of Ships and other Veffels making ufe of the faid Harbour, have been found inadequate to fupport and maintain the fame, and are not properly afeertained, and there are not fulficient Powers to enforce the Payment thereof, and it is neceffary, in order to the putting of the faid Quay or Pier in proper Repair, and to the keeping of the fame and the faid Harbour in good Order and Condi-



therein.

[Lee. C Per.']

8 A

tion,



646	47°	GEORGII	III.	Seff.2.	Cap.	35.

tion, and for building and making all requifite Warehoufes and 01 her Conveniences for the Trade and Commerce thereof, that the Rates or Dues payable as alorefaid Ihould be abolifhed, and that fome further additional Rates or Dues Ihould be granted and made payable : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Alban Tho- Parliament aflembled, and by the Aurhoiiry of the fame, 1 hat the laid nias Jones Lord or Lords of the Laid Manor of L!yfwen othersife Abeyaron for the Oe Lord Of	Time being, lhali be, and	he and they is	and are hereby aulnorifed	and

the Manor tor	empowered to put this Act	in Execution;	and that from and after	the

beiinT,11?'rut	palling of this Aft it (ball	be lawful for	the Lord or Lords of the	Did

tins Act in	Manor for the Time being,	and he and they is and are hereby authorized

andto'ieuir ant^ empowered, from 'lime to lime, by Contract or otherwise, to

o.	rebuilt! the caufe the prefent Pier or Quay within the laid Harbour to be repaired, tileHaTbour' or enlarSe(l ar)d rebuilt, or a new Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays to be and ii ake ’ built within the faid I-brbajur, in fuch Place, and of fuch ConftruQion a^oiuiofif ant^ Dimenftons, and in fuch Manner as he or they lhali think proper,

' " and alfo to alrer and improve the faid Harbour, and to ereCt, make, and build fuch Wharfs, Warehoufes, Docks, B fons, ar.d othei iuildiogs and Conveniencies, and to caufe to be made or done fuch other W< rk% Mat. ters, and Things, and alfo by Writing under his or their H md or Hands, cr under the Ham) ot Hands of the Steward or Stewards of the lain. Manor for the Time being, to appoint fuch Harbour Mailers, Quat Mailers, and all other Officer*, as he or they lhali judge right and proper ; and ailo from Time to Time to remove or dilplact any fuch Officer or Officers and appoint another Perfbn or Perfons in his or their Stead; and that every .Contract to be made for the Purpofcs aforefaid lhali be binding.

Jorregulating H- And, for preven.ing any Injury being done to the faid Piers, Quays, ■he M..criRg» or other Works,- or to Ships or other Vefl'els within theffaid Har bour, theH-nbour -^e further enaClcd, That it lhali and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Tune being, or any Officer or Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Adi, and he and they, or any or either pf them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to order and require all Perfons having the Command, or Rule, or Direction of, or any Concern with any Ship or other Vclfel entering into or being within the faid Harbour, to llation, lay, anchor, and moor fuch Ship or other Veffel in fuch Place or Places, within the faid Harbour, and in fuch Manner as the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, or fuch Officer or Officers, lhali from Time •to Time order and diredl, lb that no undue Preference (hall be given to any Perfon in the mooring or removing any Ship or other Veil'd ; and no Ship or Veffel (hall be moored or removed contrary to the Orders and Directions of any fuch Perlon or Perfons as aforefaid.

Penalty on III. And be it further enaCte4, That if any Perfon lhali, from and after injuring ihe the paffmg of this Aft, empty or throw any Stones, Ballad, Earth, Rub-It.irbour. bilh, or any other Thing into any part of the faid Harbour, to the Prejudice thereof, every Perfon offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid lhali, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and that if any Perfon lhali take away Ballalt or Stones from

the

47® GEORG 11 III. SelT. 2. Cap. 35*	647

the faid Harbour without the Confent of the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, or bis or their Steward, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay, lor every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Tefi Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Limits of the faid Harbour The r,m i>« {hall extend from a certain Promontory-to the Northward called Craig

adu, other wife the Black Rock, fituatein the Parifh of Llar.ddeivy Aberarth, in the faid County, to a certain Point of Land called Garrcg Ina, to the Southward, fituate in the Pariih of Llanina in the faid County, ill a ftraight Line, drawn from Craig ddu to Garreg Ina aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That the Powers of this Act Act not to «-

{ball not extend to a certain fmall Creek, known by the Name of ^^av*'.'" Llanddcwy Aberarth, and fituate within the aforefaid Limits.	aiti. Cuck.

VI.	And, in order to defray the Expence of enlarging or new bull'd- ow

ing the faid Pier or Quay, and of doing and performing the feveral other	“£W"

Works aforefaid, and of maintaining and fupporting the fame; be it paused, further enaCted, That inttead of all other Rates, Duties, and Tolls, which have heretofore been dtmanded, taken, and received, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord of the faid Manor for the Time bei g, r any Officer or Officers aCting by or under his or their Autho-t > alk, demand, take, and receive from Time to Time for all Ships,

> and other Vcffe’.s, of whatfoever Defcription, which (hall from hence-.a come 1 to or make ufe of the faid Harbour, or (hall lie at Anchor v .dun the lame, and for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Tilings, landed or dripped within or from the faid Harbour, and for the Paffengers in every fuch Ship or other Veffel as aforefaid, the feveral Rates, Duties, and Tolls mentioned and fpecified in the Schedule here-unto annexed, or fuch other lefs Rates and Duties as (hall be from Time to Tune appointed, to be paid in Manner herein-after mentioned, by the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor, or his or their Steward, for the Tune being.

VII.	And be it further enaffed, That the Burthen and Tonnage of Penalty on every fuch Ship or Veffel diall be afeertained by the Cultom Houfe Re- ^r',ctmg°the gifter; and in cafe of Refufal, Failure, or Delay by the Matter or other Meafiir.ment Perfon having the Rule or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel to produce "^'sp8 and and (hew on Demand, to the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, or to the Perfon or Perfons appointed by the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor to colled the faid Rates and Duties, fuch Cuftom Houfe Regifter, or in cafe there (hall be no fuch Regifter, or in cafe the Collector or Collectors of fuch Rates and Duties, and the Maffer or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any fuch Ship or Veffel in refpeft whereof or of the Cargo thereof the faid Rates or Duties are charged, cannot otherwife agree about and adjuft the Tonnage of fuch Ship or Veffel, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, afting by or under the Authority of fuch Lord or Lords, and aim to and for any other Perfon employed by him or

them

648

Penalty cn obltructlog Oitiiers.

4/GEORGII III. Seir. 2. Cap. 3-5.

(hem from Time to Time, to enter into fuch Ship or Veffel, and to gauge and admeafure the fame, or caufe the fame to be gauged and admeasured according to the Method preferibed by an Act made in the Twemy-fixth Year of the Rtign of His prefent Majelty, intituled. An Ad for-the further Incrtafe and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe the Mailer or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any fuch Ship or Veffel, or any other Perfon whefoever, (hall obftruft or hinder the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, or other Perfon orPerfons appointed by him or them to colleft the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, or any other Perfon employed or appointed by him or them to admeafure any Ship or Veifel in purfuance of this Ad, or from entering on board fuch Ship or Veffel, or from taking the Admeafurement thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Mailer and other Perfon Ihall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

wharfage on IX. And be it further enafted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchan-Gontis rc-	dize t[iat fhall be landed on any Pier, Quay, or Wharf within the faid

Qaars^beyond Harbour, fhall be removed and taken therefrom refpeftively within the Tiim"e<1 Space of Twenty-four Hours, to be computed from the Time of fuch Landing; and if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fo landed fhall remain'longer upon fuch Pier, Quay, or Wharf than the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in every fuch Gale the refpeftive Owners of or Perfons having Charge of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fhall pay or caufe to be paid to the Quay Mailer or other Officer of fuch Pier, Quay, or Wharf ion the Time being, for the Ufeof the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, over and above the feveral Rates and Dufies fpecified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton, for every Ton of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fo remaining on fuch Pier, Quay, or Wharf, for a longer Space of Time than Twenty-four Hours as atoreiaid, and lik'-wife the further Sum of One Shilling per Ton, for every Ton of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for every fucceeding Twenty-four Hours that fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fhall fo remain upon the faid Pier, Quay, or Wharf; and fuch Sum and Sums of Money fhall and may be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as the feveral other Rates and Duties by this Aft granted can or may be levied or recovered.

X. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tal-tc‘ \° nn l°w> or any ot^er combultible Goods or Things wffiatfoever fhall be landed €>n ..It Quay. on any pucfl p;el} Quay, or Wharf, or fhall be lying on the Deck of any Ship or other Veffel in the faid Harbour, then and in every luch Cafe fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, and other combultible Goods and Things Ihall be removed and taken away within the Space of Twelve Hours to be computed from the Time that fuch Ship or Veffel fhall come within the faid Harbour or Port; and in Default thereof, every fuch Ship or Veffi-l ff.all forfeic ai)d pay unto the Quay Mailer or other Officer of fuch Pier, Quay, or Wharf, for the life ot"the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, Ten Shillings per Ton of fuch Gunpowder,

Tar,

•t

*

fc/sn

fe#

Hat

»Stf

^tt

ad*!

lieal

wii

fadt

iW

khfe

toi’ia

flu

Speed

Ora

JiztU

ict Ret,

Lcnfstf

its and

cShil-

j;ze(o

Jttlm

of Cat

iandizz,

ares, «r

iif; #i

itred

thiiS

ir,

krf*

(kfi* iif: 4P 0 ill'?

m

470 GE ORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 35.	649

Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay,

Straw, Tallow, or other combuftible Goods or Things (over and above the fevcral Rates and Duties fpecified in the Schedule hereunto annexed) for every fucceeding Twelve Hours that the lame or any of them fhall fo remain, and fo in proportion for lefs than a Ton ; fuch Sum and Sums of Money to be paid by the refpedtive Owners or Perfons having Charge of fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors,

Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other fuch combuftible Goodi or Things, and fuch Sum and Sums of Money fhall and may be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as the feveral other Rates and Duties granted by this Adt can or may be levied or recovered ; and if any fuch Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors,

Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other fuch combuftible Goods or Things cannot be removed and taken away as aforefaid before Sun-fct, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Owners or Perfons having Charge of fuch combuftible Goods and Things (hall be obliged to fet and maintain at his or their own Expence a fufficient Number of careful fober 4 Perfons to guard and watch over the fame, fuch and fo many Hours, according to the Seafon of the Year, as fuch Quay Mailer or other Officer fhall order and direct; and in cafe the Owner or Owners, or Perfons having charge of fuch combuftible Goods and Things, or the Mailer or Matters of any Ship or other Veffei fhall make Default therein, every fuch Owner or Owners, Mafter or Mailers, or other Petfon or Perfons, fhall forfeit and pay for every Offence, Ncgledt, or Refufal any Sum not exceeding '1 en Pounds.

XL And be it further enacted, That the faid Alban Thomas Jones Commence-Gwynne is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, and '"ei t ’ at all Times from and after Two Third Parts of the Eflimate of the Ex- °j:ics* pence of making the faid Pier fhall appear, by a Return made to the Quarter Sefiions for the County of Cardigan, to have been laid out, to aflt, demand, take, colledt, receive, and recover, to and for his Ule and Benefit, the feveral Kates and Duties herein-after granted.

XII. And to the Intent the Rates or Duties impofed by this Adt may Manner nF be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, 1 hat in r-,cov'ri:18 of cafe any Owner or Mafter, or other Perfon having the Rule or Command RlUs’ of any Ship or other Veffei within the faid Harbour, or any Fadtor or Confignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Adt, fhall refufe or negkft to pay the fame, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, ihe Colledtor or Colledtors, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed in purfuance of this Act by the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the 1 ime being to receive the fame, to go on board fuch Ship or other Veffei, to demand, colledt, and receive the faid Rates or Duties, and on Non-payment thereof to take and diftrain every fuch Snip or other Veffei, and ail the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in refpect whereof fuch Rates or Duties fhall be payable, either on board fuch Ship or other Veffei, or on Land, and the fame to detain until the refpedtive Rates or Duties fhall be Satisfied and paid; and in cafe of any Negledt or Default in Payment of the faid Rates or Duties for the {Loe. V Per.-]	8	B	Space



Pfrfons eluding Payment to continue chargeable.

F.xe r pion fn in Duties ior VciTds in Hts ‘Via jetty's Service.

Owners accountable tor Damages done by Boatmen.

G E O R G11 III. Se^. 2. Cr<p. 35.

Space' ef. Vive Days after any Diftrefs-or Diftrcftes fo made or taken, then it (hall and. may be lawful lo and for the Lord or Lords of the (aid Manor for the Time being, or fuch Coliedtcr cr Collectors, or other Perfon or Per ions appointed as aforefaid, to caufe the lame to be appralfed by Two or more Lvorn Apprai ers, or other fuflicicrtt' Perforts, and afterwards to fell the faid Diftrefs or DillrefTes, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof to farisfy ihcmfelves or himlelf, as well,for and sn refpedt of the Rates or Duties fo negledted or delayed to be p<:id, as alio for and in refpedl of their or his ieafujiabfe Charges in taking, keeping, apprailing, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any fuch there be) to the Owner upon Demand ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, in cafe of Non-payment of the Rates and Duties as aforefaid, inftead of recovering'the fame in Manner aforefaid, or in cafe the Whole thereof lhall not be fo recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the fame or fo much 'thereof as (hall nat be fo recovered, by Adlion of Debt or Trefpafs on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejimin/icr.

XIII.	And.be it further enadled, That if any Mailer, Owner, or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Veffei or the Owner, factor, or Confignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (hail by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times, elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby niade payable in refpedl thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Perfon eluding, evading, or avoiding Pa\ tnent as afortlaid, fliall forfeit and pay to the faid Lord cr Lords ot the faid Manor for the Time being a Sum equal to the Amount of fuel) Rates and Duties, and (hall alfo (land charged with and be liable to the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties, which (hall and may be recovered from luch Mafter or Owner, Faclor or Confignee, or fuch other perfon having fuch Rule or Command refpedlively, at any Time or limes, e.'i.beV by the ‘Means herein-before prefcribed for the levying of the (aid Duties, or bv the fame Method and in fuch Manner as is herein-before direcredTor levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties impofed by this Adi, and with the like Cods.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing in this Adi contained (hall extend or be. conftrued to extend lb as to charge with the Payment “of any of the Lid Rates or Duties any of His Majelty’s Ships of War, or any Ship, Tranfport, or Packet, of Mis Mq'efly, His Heirs and Succeffors, nor any Ship, Tranfport, or Packet employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and ExpreiTes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Polt-mafler General, nor any Ship or Veffei in the Service of the Cuftomsor Excife, or any Veffei employed in or upon His Majefty’s Service in the Conveyance of any Ofticers or Soldiers,' cr any Iloifes, Anns, Ammunition, or Baggage to them or any of them belonging.

XV.	And be it further enadled. That the Mafter or Owner of, or the Perfon or Perfons having the Charge or Command of every Boar, Barge, Ship, or Veffei lying or being within the faid Harbour, (hall be, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby made anfwcrable for any Trefpafs, Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief that fnall be done by fuch Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Veffei, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Water-men, or Seamen, or

other

'-3

tout

:yii

*]!}{»

Mftj;

It»n' Itjlfc.

I y g ',«A

Stn

iffsb!

tOiffll

ifittei

rirjc

y lt,

si! tots wtfi to hlh:

■mee,c

!>*? 1 fait tow*

crfdtcs

■kit®

be?*'

iHeis-

•ih'if*-’

rM

riti*'



%

47° GEORGII III. SeC:2. Cap. 35.	65*

other Perfon or Perfons belonging to or employed in or about the fame refpectively, to any of the Wharfs, Piers, or other Works maintained or repaired bv virtue of this Act,either by the loading or unloadingof any Boat,

Barge, Ship, or other Veffel, or by any other Mtans whatfoever ; and the Matter or Owner of any fuch Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Veffel, lhall far every fuch Trefpafs, Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief, upon Conviction of any fuch Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, Seaman, or other Perfon or I’er-lons, before any juitice of the Peace for the (aid C ounty of Car Jig,tw,. pn the Oath of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch duitice is hereby authorized and required to adminiller) or on the ConfeluJn ot the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured fuch Damages, Satisfaction, and Compenfation as Hull be pertained, fixed, and determined by fuch Juttice, provided that no fuch ■ Damages, Satisfaction, or Compenfation (hall exceed the Sqm of 'Pen Pounds, and lhall alfo forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sinn trot exceeding Forty Shillings, to be fettled and determined by fuch Jufficii; but in cafe fuch Damages lhall exceed the Sym of Ten Pounds, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Mailer or Owner of fuch Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Veffel, may befued and profecuced for luch Damages, Satisfaction, ai d Compenfation, in any of His Majelty’s Courts of Record at WcJlminji,r ; and if a Verdict or Judgement lhad be given againll him or her, either on Proof made or by Default or upon Demurrer, the Plain-tiffin every fuch Cafe lhall recover his Damages thereby fultained, with full Colts of Suit.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That fuch Boatmen, Barge- Matter? to nun, Watermen, Seamen, and other Perfon or Perfons, and each and

every of them, lhall be liable to repay fuch Damages, Satisfaction, and Compenfation, and Penally fo ascertained, fixed, and determined by fuch Juitice, with the Colts of levying and recovering thereof, to fuch Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by fuch Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of fuch Damages,

Safsfattion, and Compenfation, or Penalty, and that the fame and the Colts thereof have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, bv fuch Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or Seamen, or any of them", although demanded (fuch Oath to be made before any One of Ilis Ma-jefty’s Jullices of the Peace) the Amount thereof lhall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be levied and recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ef any Juftice or Jullices.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That it lhall and may be lawful to Dismay be and for the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, or his or vaiied-their Steward or Stewards, to leffen or reduce all or any of the Rates and

Duties by this Aft granted, and for fuch Time or Times as he or they lhall think proper, and fo from Time to Time to advance and again to raife the lame to fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he or they (hall think lie, net exceeding the feveral Rates and Duties fpecified in the Schedule hereto annexed; and all fuch Rates and Duties fo altered, changed, reduced, or advanced, lhall and may be levied, collefted, and received in fuch and the like Manner as the feveral Rates and Duties by this Act granted can or may be levied or collefted cy received.

XVIII.	And

65*

Puniliing Per-fjn» deitruy-ing Works.

may be maHe for the due Fxeci.tion of the Aft.

47° G EORG11 III. Seff.2. Cup. 35.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons flwll wilfully and malicioufly demolilh, break down, or deftroy, any P.er, Quay, Wharf, Storehoufe, or any other Building or Work to be con-ftrufted, erefted, or made under the Authority of this Aft, every Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall be fubjeft and liable to the like Punifhments and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony, and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be tried and convifted, fhall and may and they have hereby Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon and Perfons to bepunifhed in like Manner as Felons are direfted to be puniflied by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ; or in Mitigation of fuch Punifh-ment fuch Court may, if they think fit, award fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in Cafes of Felony.

XIX.	And for the better and more effeftually carrying the feveral Ob« jefts of this Aft into Execution ; be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Laid Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and tftablilh fuch reafonable Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, for better regulating all Officers to be appointed or employed by virtue of this Aft, and all other Perfons having any concern with the faid Port; and alfo for better regulating, governing, and managing all or any of the Carts, Drays, W’heel or other Carriages, and of Horfes or other Beafls of Draught or Burthen ufed and employed for the carrying and removing of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize meant and intended to be exported out of or imported into the faid Harbour, Port, Quays, Wharfs, or Premifes, or for tne carrying and removing Wood and all other Materials to be ufed or employed in or about the building or repairing of any Ship or other Veffel which (had or may be built or repaired within the faid Harbour or Manor, or in or about the building or repairing any of the Works to be built, erected, or made or repaired in purfuance of this Act, or any other Improvement to be made in purfuance thereof; and likewife for better regulating, governing, managing, or ordering of all and every the Perfon and Perfons who lhall or may be employed as the Driver or Drivers of or attending any Carr, Dray, Wheel or other Cairiage, or of any Horfe or other Btafl of Draught or Burthen, which fhall be ufed or employed as before-mentioned ; and further for batter governing and regulating all Perfons to be employed in or about the loading, unloading, carrying, or conveying all or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to and from any Ship or Veffel lying and being within the faid Harbour or Port, or to be employed in or about all or any of the Works aforefaid in all refpects whatfoever, as in the Judgement of the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor, or the Stewatd of the faid Manor for the Time being, fhall feem fit, juft, and reafonable; and alfo from Time to Time, as Occafion may be, to repeal and to amend or alcer fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, as to him or them may feem meet and requifite ; and alfo to fix and appoint reafonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for the Non-obfer vance or Non-performance or other Breach of all or any of fuch Rules, Orders, or Bye Laws, or any of them, to be recovered as herein direfted; and ali fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and alfo any Alteration or Amendment thereof, fhall be printed and diftributed, when approved in Manner herein direfted, within the faid Manor of Lljfuen other-wife Aberayrvn, and hung up iu the faid Market or fume other confpicu-

653

47“ GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 35-

ous Plr.ce within the faid Port and Manor; and all fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, when approved of in Manner herein direfted, and printed, diftribured, and hung up as aforefaid, lhall be fufficient in any Court ol Law or Equity to judify all Perfon* who (hall act under the fame provided that fuch Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not inconfiftent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England, or to the Provifions or Directions in this ACt contained, or to any ot them,

XX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Rule, Order, or Bye Laws t» Bye Law which lhall be made as aforefaid, pvirfuant to the Powers hereby ^ judgeof given for that Purpofe, lhall be put in Execution, or have any Force, General sef-Operation, or Effedl, until fuch Rule, Order, or Bye Law (hall have

been fubmiited to the General Quarter Selfions of the Peace held for the faid County of Cardigan, and have been approved of by the Jullices of the Peace at fuch General Quarter Selfions, or the major Part of them for the Time being, by Writing under their Hands.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That if at any Time after completing Pier to Be

the faid Pier the fame lhall be fuffered to get fo much out of Repair as not	E“0

to afford the ufual Shelter and Security to Veffels lying within the fame,

and it lhall be fo certiffed by Two Jullices of the Peace for the faid County of Cardigan, on view of fuch Jullices, and due Proof made on Oath before them by Two or more competent Perfons, and Notice thereof given to the faid Alban Thomas Jones Gwynne, under the Hands of fuch jullices, and the faid Pier lhall not be fufficiently repaired and amended within Six Months from and after fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth, and until the faid Pier (hall be amended and repaired, and lhall, by any Two Jullices of the Peace for the laid County, on view thereof, be certified to be in fufficient Repair, the faid Rates and Duties hereby made payable (hall ceafe and determine, and from and after the giving of the faid lall-menticned Certificate as aforefaid, lhall revive and be again payable and recoverable, as if the fame had not ceafed or been fufpended.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recnverjand for Offence or Offences againll this Act, or againlt any Rule, Bye Late, Applicationot or Order made by virtue thereof (the Manner of levying and recovering Forfeiture •-whereof is not hereby orherwife directed) lhall be levied by Dillrefs and

Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Cardigan, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to iffue, upon Confeilion of the Patty or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnels upon Or.ib ; and the Overplus of the Money (if anyy arifing by fuch Dillrefs and Sale lhall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of fuch Goods ..nd Chattels, after deducting the Colls and Charges of fuch Dillrtls and Sale and ot recovering fuch Penalties and Forfeitures ; and all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered lhall be paid. One Half thereof to the Perfon or Perlons who lhali inform or fue for the fame, and the other Half thereof to the Lord or Lords of the laid Manor for the Time being; and in cafe fufficient Dillrefs lhall not be found, or any fuch Penalties and Forfeiture* lhali not be forthwith paid, it ihall be lawful for [Loc. S’ Per.]	8	C	any



Form cf Conviction^

,yt

Appeal.

Dinj ef* nc.t unlawful fv>r want of 1' orm

^7° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.25.

iiriy fuch Jnflice, ar.d he is hereby auihofized and'required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Oifender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the faid County, there to remain without Kail dr Mainprize for fuch Time as fuch Juftice fhall direft, not exceeding Tvyo Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeiture- and all leafonab'le Charges attending the fame fluff be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXIII.	And, for the more eafy Conviftion of Offenders againft this Aft ; be it further enafted. That any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convifted of any Offence againft this Aft, may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Fprni,

or to "the Tike Eft eft :

*	<f iiaignr.(hirt i |_>j? ;t remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	J	4	in	the Year of our Lord

‘	H.B.	is	convifted	before	of	His

‘ Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Cardigan, by virtue of

*	an Aft of Parliament made in the Forty-feventh Year ot the Reign of ‘ King George the Third [Here fat forth the litie of this Ahl,fpeefying the ‘ Offence, aidthe ifme and'Place uhen and ivhcre the fame nvas committed, ‘ as vlv Cafe Jhall iff.] Given under our Hands and Seals (or Hand and ‘ Scalp tire Day and Year firft- aterefaid.’

■i maO . r '	:'f	>i'i	'i	'	to

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Pcrfvills-fhall think himlelf, herl'clf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in purfuance of any Rule, Order, or Bve Law, maue in ipurfuance of this Aft, or-by any other Matter or Thing; done in ipurfuance of this Aft,- then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be:lawful to.and for fuch Ptrfbn or Perfons to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sdiions of the Peace to be hidden for the laid County of Cardigan* within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fliall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving-Qt caufing to be given Twenty Days Notice at.theJeaft in Wricing of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, unto the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft, and within Ten Days after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the laid County, with Two fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try luch Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay fuch Colts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Seffions, and the Juftices at fuch Setii-ins, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall heal and determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal, and award inch Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft as they fhall think proper;; and the Determination ot the Juftice6 at fuch Quarter-Seffions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Parties.

XXV- Aad be it further enafted,. That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf fliall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deetne.l a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Deleft of want of Form in any Proceeding relating thereto, nor fliall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trel'paffers ah initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards done by the Party diftraining, but

47° GEORGII III. UBZh&sZty.sS.

the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by filch Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage, in an Adion on the Cafe.

' »

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Order. Verdid, Judgement, Convidion, or other Proceeding touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning any Offeree again!! this Ad, fhall be quafhed for want of Form, or removed-or removable bv Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoevef, into any of Hit Majeliy s Courts of Record at Wijtminfter or elie'.vhere,any Liw, Statute, or Ulage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any Adion to be commenced againfl any I'erfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant ot Defendants, of left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, Ten Days before fuch Adioh fh ill be commenced, of fuch intended Adiob, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Action ; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch Adion, if Tender of fufficienr Amends fhall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defandants, before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, by Leave of the Court wherein fuch Adion fhall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, flie, or they fhall think fit; whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement fhall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That no Adion or Suit fhall be brought, commenced, or profecuted againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Caufe of fuch Adion fhall have arifen, and every fuch Adion fhall be brought and laid in the County of Cardigan, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit fhall and may plead, at his, her, or their Eledion, fpecially, or the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance or by the Authority of this Ad; and if upon the Trial of fuch Adion or Suit it fhall appear to have been fo done, or that fuch Adion or Suit fhall have been brought before the Expiration of Sixty Days next after fuch Notice Iliall have been given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every of the faid Cafes the Jury fhall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants ; and in all Cafes where a Verdid fhall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein fhall difcontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or fhall be nonfuited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againfl fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover

11	Treble

65 5

Procetingi not to be remov-.d i<y C’eitiorari.

Plaintiff not to 1 e over wi hout No-iice, or after TerUler of -Amend..

Limitation of Action..

General Iffue.

656

TrobJt Colls.

Saving of Rights.

Publick Act.

476 GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap,35.

Treble Colts, and have fuch and the like Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cofts of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

XXIX.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, his, her, or their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Right, Title, Eftate, and Intereft (other than thofe meant and intended to be barred and regulated by this Act) as they and every or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the laid Manor and Premifes, or any Part thereof, before the paffmg of this Ad, or could or might have had and enjoyed in cafe this Ad had not been made.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed. That this Ad lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

47* GEORG II III. Seff. 2. Cap,35.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this A<ft, afcertain-ing the Tolls, Rates, and Dues to be paid within the Limits of the Port and Harbour of Aberayron, and within the Manor of Llyfwen otherwife Aberay-ron, as prefcribed by the A6t,

tor every Veffel, not exceeding Fifty Tons, that fhall be , laid up in ordinary for the Winter -For every fuch Veffel, exceeding Fifty Tons For every Coafting or Fifhing Sloop, Yacht, or other Veffel belonging to the Port, yearly For every Ship, Boat, or other Veffel, difcharging or taking in any Part of her Cargo within the faid Harbour, per Ton, according to the Buthen of fuch Ship, Boat, or other Veffel, befides the other Duties made payable by this Aft -	....

For every Ship or other Veffel, above Fifty Tons, that fhall be laid up within the faid Harbour, though not for the Winter, yearly -For every Ship or other Veffel, above Ten and under Fifty Tons, that fhall be fo laid up, yearly For every Ship or other Veffel, under Ten Tons, that fhall be fo laid up, yearly ...

For every Sailor’s Cheft landed within or (hipped from the Harbour or any Part of the Manor of Aberayron For every Ton of Goods, Articles, or Things, (except Coals, Culm, and Fifh caught on the Coaft), which fhall be brought into or carried out of the Harbour by any Ship, Boat, or other Veffel, reckoning for Houfe-hold Furniture Forty Feet to a Ton, the Sum of For every Ship or other Veffel difcharging or taking in Bal-laft, per Ton, according to the Burthen of fuch Veffel -For every Boat or other Veffel employed in the Fifhery on the Coaft, not exceeding Five 'Ions Burthen, yearly And if more than Five Tons, yearly ... lor every open Boat coming within the Port to land or lhip oft any Goods, each Time, but not to pay more than Twice in One Day	.	.	.

For every Coafting Sloop putting into the Harbour, each Time	-	.	.

c

0

1

x

o

t

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

For every Ton of the Burthen of every Ship or Veffel built within the Limits of the laid Harbour, the Sum of For every Quarter of Coals landed within the Harbour And for every Twenty-four Hours the fame fhall be left on the Quay or Beach, and at that Rate per Quarter, an additional Sum of .	.	.	.

[Lee. V Per.]	8	D

s.

li

o

o

o

o

10

5

o

t

o

5

IO

1

2

0

o

o

d.

o

o

a

2

9

9

O

6

o

4

o

o

o

6

6

3

?

47* GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.35.

SCHEDULE—continued.

For every Quarter of Culm landed within the Harbour And for every Forty-eight Hours the fame (hall remain on the Quay or Beach, and at that Rate per Ton, an additional Sum of For every Hundred Weight of Cheefe For every One thoufand of Slate landed within or /hipped from the Harbour or Manor For every Ton of Brick, reckoning Five Hundred to a Ton -	-	.....

For ev^ry Crate of Earthen Ware *	-	-

For all Paflengers coming, or going to or from the faid Harbour, at the Rate of Sixpence in the Pound on the Amount of the Fare of fuch Paflengers, the fame to be paid by the Mailer of the Veflel	-

For every Bundle of Butt Hoops containing Two Dozen, and in that Proportion	...

For every fuch Bundle of other Hoops, and in that Proportion -

For every Ship or other Veflel that fltali come to an Anchor within the Limits of the faid Harbour, and for every Anchor of under Fifty Tons, the Sum of If above Fifty and not exceeding One hundred Tons If above One hundred Tons	....

For all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, and Effects vvhatfoever, that fhall be exported from or imported within the faid Harbour or the Limits thereof, or within the faid .Manor of Llyfwen otherwife Aberayron, by the Ton, Weight, or Meafure, according to the Na- j ture of fuch Articles refpedlively. fuhjeft neverthelefs to j the Regulations and Provilions of this A61, the Sum of -

£. s. d.

003

c 6 3

002

003

010

00	6

006

001 o o 0{

010 o " i 6 020

All the before-mentioned Tolls, Dues, or Rates, where not particularly fpecifled, to be paid Double by all Peffons whomfoever not being Subjects of His Majefty, His Heirs, or Succeffors.

LONDON: Printed by Georce Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mole Excellent Majelly, iScy.

ANNO QUA DR AG ESI MO SEPTIMO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

SelE 2.

******************#**H************ ***************** ***

Cap. 56.

An A& to enable His Majefty to veft the Sands of Traeth Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks Efquire.	[ift	Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS there is a certain Trail of Sands fituate on the Eftuary called Traetb-Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, and extending from Pont Aberglaflyn to the Point of Gift, which, in its prefent State, is unproductive and incapable of being cultivated, and the Paffage over the fame is frequently attended with great Inconvenience, Delay, Difficulty, Expence, and Danger: And whereas, if the laid Sands were proteCled from the Sea by Embankments and other neceffary Works, the fame might be cultivated and rendered productive, and the Communication between the faid Two Counties would be thereby greatly facilitated and improved, and fuch Embankments and Works would alio be ofpublick Utility, but the making and maintaining of the fame will be attended with confiderable Difficulty and Expence: And whereas William Alexander Madocks, of Tan yr Allt, in the County of Carnarvon, Efquire, is deftrous of conftruCting and making fuch Embankments, Sea Walls, Ramparts, Fences, Sluices, Bridges, and other Works, as may be neceffary for protecting the faid Sands from the Influx of the Sea, at his own Expence, on having the fame veiled in him and his Heirs and Affigns in Fee Simple: And whereas His Majelty, in right of His Crown, claims to be entitled to the faid Sands, and being deftrous of encouraging Undertakings of publick Utility, His Majefty has been mod gracioufly pleafed to fignify his royal Pleafure, that fo much of the faid TraCl of Sands from the Point of Gift to Pont Aberglaflyn aforefaid, as fhall be protected from the Influx of the Sea, by the laid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Affigns, in Manner aforefaid, fhall (as far as His Majefty is interefted therein! be [Z.w. Is Per.\	i	E	granted

66 2

For enabling His Majefty to veil certain Sands in William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs, &c.

Commif-fsoner lor fettiag cut Boundaties.

For the Ap pointment of a new Com mif-lioncr.

47° GE ORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 36.

granted and and confirmed to, and vefted in the faid William Alexander Madocis, his-Heirs and Afligns, in Fee Simple; bur, as Inch His Majdty’s Pleafure cannot fee carried into EfFedt without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That fo much of the faid Sands as (hall in Manner aforefaid be protected from the influx of the Sea by the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, fhall be, and the fame are hereby vefted in and confirmed unto the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, freed and abfolutely dilcharged from all Claim, Right, and Title whatfo-ever of His Majefty, in right,of Llis Crown and Dignity, and of His Heirs and Succeflors : Provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this Act contained lhall be confirmed or taken to veft in the laid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, any of the Marlh Lands adjoining the faid Sands, and which have hitherto been occupied or enjoyed as Pafturage, and as Parc of, or as appurtenant to any Freehold Lands or Tenements.

II. And be it further enadted, That Benjamin Wyatt of Lime Grove, in the County of Carnarvon, Efquire, fhall be, and he is hereby appointed a Commiflioner for afeertaining, letting our, and determining the Boundaries of the faid Tradt of Sands by virtue of this Act, to be granted to the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, and of the Marfli Lands hereby made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rene as herein-after mentioned.

HI. And be it further enadted, That in cafe the faid Benjamin Wyatt, or any Perfon to be nominated and appointed, by virtue of this Adt, a Commiflioner for afeertaining, fixing, and determining fuch Boundaries as aforefaid, lhal! die, refufe to adt, or become incapable of adting in the Execution of this Adt, then, and in every ruch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for Mary jane Ormjby of Psrkington, in the County of Salop, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn of Wynnjlay, in the County of Denbigh, Baronet, Sir Edward Pryfe Lloyd of Pengwern, in the County of Flint, Baronet, and the faid William Alexander Madocks, their refpedtive Heirs and Afligns, or the major Part of them, who {hall be prefent in Perfon, cr by their refpedtive Agents or Proxies, duly authorized, by Writing under their refpedtive Hands, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Twenty-one Day’s Notice, in Writing, figned by the faid Mary Jane Ormjby, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Edward Pryfe Lloyd, William Alexander Madocks, or their refpedtive Heirs or Afligns, or any One of them, fhall be given by Advertil'ement, to be inferted in the Chefier Chronicle, if then publilhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County o\Carnarvon; and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part of them, then and there prefent, a proper Perfon, not interefted in the faid Boundaries, to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of the Commiflioner fo dying or refufing to adt, or becoming incapable of adting, and fo from Time to Time, as often as any fuch Cafe fhall happen ; and every Commiflioner, fo to be nominated and appointed, (hall,after taking the Oath next herein-after

mentioned

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 36.	663

mentioned, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Aft into Execution, and (hall be lubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Recuia-tions, and Reftrifiions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commifiioner for afcertaining, fixing, and determining fuch Boundaries in and by this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That in cafe no Nomination Ir c.re 0e n0 and Appointment of fuch Commifiioner, for afcertaining, fixing, and de- fuch Ap. termining fuch Boundaries, (hall be made at fuch Meeting, then, and in pojntment, every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Rid Mary "Jan;

Ortnjby, Sir Watkir. Williams Wynn, Sir Edward Fryje Lloyd, and Wil- “

Earn Alexander Madocks, or their refpective Heirs or Affigns, or any ot them, to apply to the Juftices of the Peace at any Quarter Selhons cf the Peace, to be hoiden for the faid County of Carnarvon, for the Purpole of having a Commifiioner appointed for the afcertaining, fixing, and determining fuch Boundaries, (the Perfon or Ferfons intending to make fuch Application fir It giving Ten Days’ Notice of fuch, his, her, or their Intention of making fuch Application in the Chefier Chronicle, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newlpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Carnarvon,) and the Juflices of the Peace, at fuch Quarter SdTions affcmbled, or the major Part of them, fhail, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint a proper Pciiun, not interefted in the Prcmifes, to be a CommilEoner for the Purpo c of afcertaining, fixing, and determining fuch Boundaries; and every C immif-fioner, fo to be nominated and appointed, (hall, after tak ng the Oath next herein-after mentioned, have the like Power and Authority for earr ing this Aft into Execution, and (hall be lubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commifiioner for afcertaining, fixing, and determining fuch Boundaries in and by this Aft.

V.	Provided always. That no Perfon (hall be capable of afting as fuch Qualification

Commifiioner, until he fhail have taken the following Oath j (that is to Dt <-'otnaiir-fay),	fi0ne'-

| A. B. do fwear that I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly exa- Ccmmif-mine into, hear, and determine all fuch Matters and Things as (hall fiooer’s be brought before me as a Commifiioner, by virtue of an Aft of Par- 0a,h* liament made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here recite the Title of this A A,] and otherwife execute the Powers thereby in me repofed, according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection to any Perfon cr Perfons whomfoever.	„	,	,	„

* So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One of His Ma-jefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, to adminifter, and he is hereby required to adminifter the fame accordingly.

VI.	And, for the Purpofe of afcertaining, fixing and determining the For afeer-Boundaries of the faid Traft of Sands, and of the Marfh Lands hereby ‘airing made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rent, be it further enacted, Boundariesi That the faid Commifiioner (hall and he is hereby required to caufe Notice of his Intention to perambulate the Boundaries thereof to be inferred

664

Commif-fioner to fettle Differences.

Comn if-fioner may fummon Witneffes.

Commif-fioner to af-fefs Colls.

Parties may try their Rights by an Iffue at Law.

47“ GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 36.

lerted in the Chejler Chronicle, if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated within the County of Carnarvon, Ten Days at lead: before the Time of fuch Perambulation, and after the Expiration of the Time to be fpecified in fuch Notice the faid Commif-fioner is hereby authorifed and required to inquire into, fct out, afcertain, fix, and determine the Boundaries of the faid Tract of Sands, and of the faid Marlh Lands hereby made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rent as herein-after mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That if any Difpute or Difference (hall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid Boundaries it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witneffes upon Oath, (which Oath the faid Commiflioner is hereby empowered to adminifter,) as upon any other proper and fnfficient Inquiry, Evidence, and Satisfaction, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner and he is hereby required, from Time to Time as he fhall fee Occafion, by any Writing under his Hand, to fummon and require any Perfon or Perfons to appear before him at any Time and Place in fuch Writing mentioned, to teffify the Truth upon Oath (which Oath the faid Commiflioner is hereby empowered to adminifter) touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Boundaries, or any Part or Parts wherein any Doubt or Difficulty fhall occur to the faid Commiflioner.

IX.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioner fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Difpute or Difference touching or concerning the faid Boundaries, fee caufe to award any Cofts, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiflioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflel's, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as he fhall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioner fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhall be thereby difallowed or overruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Cor-porate or Collegiate, who fhall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges, fhall negleCt or reful'e to pay the fame on demand, then, and in fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal direfted to any Perfon whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interefted, or claiming to be interefted in the faid Boundaries, fhal) be diffatisfied with any Determination

668

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 36.

Rent Charge, One-fifth Part of the Annual Rent at which the fame (hall be from Time to Time let, or of One fifth Part of the Annual Value thereof, at the Option of the Paid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns; luch Annual Value to be afcertained by Two indifferent Per-fons, one of whom to be chofen by the laid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or AlTigns, and the other to be chofen by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Land intended to be valued as aforefaid, or by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Time being ; and in cafe fuch Two Valuers cannot agree in making luch Valuation, then the fame (hall be afcertained by an Umpire previoufiy fixed upon by fuch Two Perfons : And the Paid Wiltiam Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, (hall, previous to fuch Valuation being made, give One Calendar Month’s Notice to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Land intended to be valued as aforefaid, of the Day on which, and the Hour when fuch Valuation is to be made, and requiring fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, to appoint a Valuer as aforefaid : And in cafe fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, (hall refufe or neglect to appoint a Valuer as aforefaid, or in cafe fuch Valuer (hall not attend on the Day, and at the Hour which (hall be appointed as aforefaid, then the Valuer which fhall be appointed by the (aid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, (hall and may proceed to make tiie Valuation aforefaid alone, and fuch Valuation (hall be final and con-clulive to all Intents and Purpoles, as if the fame had been made by fuch Two Valuers as aforefaid : And in cafe fuch Two Valuers cannot agree in choofing an Umpire or third Perlbn as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Magiftrate of the County in which fuch Land (hall be, and he is hereby authorized and required, on the Application of the laid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, to appoint fuch Umpire, Notice in Writing having been given to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Application Seven Days previous to fuch Appointment: And the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, dull and may have the fame Remedies for the Recovery of the laid Rents or Value, as any Landlord now hath by Law for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear; and luch Rents or Value (hall be paid by Two Half yearly Payments; that it to fay, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the firft Half yearly Payment to become due on fucii of the laid Days as (hall next happen after the Exclufion of the Sea as aforefaid.

XVil. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to charge with the • ft ln Com- Payment of luch Rent Charge any Lands already inclofed againft the Influx pcfaTion?"1 of the Sea, it being the rue Intent and Meaning of this Aft to charge

provifo de-feribirg the Lands Tub-

with the Payment of fuch Rent Charge fuch Lands only as are not embanked fo as to prevent the Influx of the Sea.

Provifo, for XV III. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That if at any Time or' txcmpiing Times any Breach (hall happen in the faid Embankments or other Works Lands flow fo matje 5y virtue of this Aft, or in any Part or Parts thereof, fo as to %?£	the	Sea	to overflow the faid Marfh Lands by this Aft charged and

oHBrtach in aflfcfled with the Payment of the faid Rent Charge to the faid William the Em- Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, then and in fuch Calc fuch tunkment. j^n£ q^oc fhail from thenceforth dilcontinue and ceafe to be payable

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 36.	667

fhall, and they are hereby required to make good and fufficient Fences Sands, di-for effeftually feparating the fame from the faid Sands within Six Calendar "f^eFences Months after the aforefaid Embankments (hall be completed, in cafe the na 0 enc 5‘ fame (hall be fo completed between the Months of July and February, or within the Space of Nine Calendar Months, in cafe the fame (hall be completed between the Months of ‘January and Auguft ; and fuch Fences, together with fuch Ditches as (hall be neceflary, (hall be made on and within the faid Mar(h Lands, or other Lands adjoining the faid Sands, and lhall be from Time to Time for ever kept and maintained in good and fufficienc Repair by the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Mar(h Lands, or other Lands j and in cafe fuch Fences fhall not be made within the re-fpeftive Times aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons who ought to have made the fame (hall forfeit and pay to the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or AfTigns, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Rood of Eighc Yards, which (hall not be effectually fenced as aforefaid, and he, (he, and they are hereby authorized to make or complete fuch Fences refpeCtively, in cafe of Default as aforefaid ; and the Sufficiency or Infufficiency of fuch Fences (hall be determined upon by any Juftice of the Peace of the County in which the fame (hall be, on the Application of the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Affigns; and fuch Juftice (hall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, in cafe of Non-payment of fuch Forfeiture within Seven Days after the fame (hall become payable and demanded, to caufe the fame to be recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which may be found on the Lands fo fenced out as aforelaid by the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Fleirs or Affigns.

XV.	And be it further enacted,That the faid William Alexander Madocks, Satisfaction his Heirs and Affigns, (hall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby re- to be made quired to make full Recompence, Satisfaction, and Compenfation to the for Damages. Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be ufed, affeCted, injured, or damaged, for all Damages by him or them fuftained in or bv the Execution

of any of the Powers of this ACt; and in cafe any Difference or Difpute lhall arife between the faid William Alexander Madochs, his Heirs or Affigns, and any fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, touching or refpedting the Amount of fuch Damages, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, and they are hereby required, at the firft General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid County next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the doing of fuch Damage, to hear, fettle, and determine the fame, and their Decifion therein lhall be final anJ conclufive.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the making the Marfh Lands aforefaid Embankment, and fuch other Works as (hall be neceflary for to pay a cer-preventing the Influx of the Sea as afoiefaid, the feveral Owners and Oc- tain Ren‘-cupiers ot all (uch Marfh Lands on each Side of the faid Eftuary which char8e-have been hitherto overflowed by the Sea at Spring Tides, and which by

the making the faid Embankment and other Works (hall be protected from the Influx of the Sea, /hall pay, or caufe to be paid to the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Affigns for ever, for his, her, and their own Ulc and Scnefic, in each and every Year, by way of a

Rent

666	47'GEORGII	III.	Seff.	i.	Cap.	36-

of (he Sum of One Shilling and no more fhall be paid) •, and the other Part of the laid Award fhall be delivered to the faid William Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs or Afligns, and both Parts of the faid Award, or a true Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, attefted by the faid Commif-fioner, or by the laid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, (for which Copy no more fhall be paid than Two-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words), fhall from Time to Time and at all Times thereat ter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatfoever, and the faid Award fhall be and the fame is hereby declared to be binding and conclufive unto and upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, it fhall and may be lawful to

and for the faid William Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs and Afligns, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to con-ftruft and make, and from Time to Time to repair, alter, enlarge, and maintain fuch Banks, Walls, Ramparts, Mounds, Fences, Sluices, Flood-gates, Bridges, and other Works and Things, as he, Ihe, or they (hall judge neceffary or proper, acrofs the faid Eftuary, at any Place or Places between Pont Aterglajlyn and the Point of Gejl aforefaid, for the Purpofe of protedling the laid Sands from the Tides and Influx of the Sea; and alfo to conned and attach the faid Banks, Walls, Ramparts, Mounds, Fences, Sluices, Floodgates, Bridges, or other Works to the Lands of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever on each Side of the faid Eftuary : And alfo to dig, raife, get, remove, take, and carry away any Clay, Stones, Earth, Gravel, or Soil, or other Materials (except Timber) which may be neceffary or wanted for the conftrudling and making the fame, from the Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons whomloever, within the Parilhes of Tnyjcynhaiaran and Llanf.hangcl-y-Praethau, doing as little Damage as may be, and paying the Value of fuch Materials to the Owner or Owners thereof, and making reafonable Satisfa&ion to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto for any Damage that may be fuftained by him, her, or them, in getting or removing the aforefaid Materials ; and in Cafe of any Difference or Dil’pute refpedting fuch Satisfa&ion, or the Compen-l'aticn to be made for fuch Damages, the fame (hall be fettled and determined in Manner herein direcled ; and this Ad fhall be fufficient to indemnify the faid William Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs and Afligns, ar.d all and every Perfon or Perfons afling by or under his, her, or their Authority, ior what he, fhe, or they may do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, fubject to the Provifoes and Reftridhons herein mentioned.

Banks and Fences, &c. to be con-

ilruvlc d.

Gardens,s-c. XIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, that nothing herein contain-not to be	ed fhall extend, or be cor.ftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Wil-

injwed.	ncra Alexander Madoeks, his Heirs or Affigns, to dig, bore, get, take, or

carry away any Earth, Clay, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials in, upon, out of, or from any Garden, Orchard, Park, Planted Walks, Plea-fure Grounds, or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

Owners of XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the refpeftive Owners or Pro-Lands prjcturs 0t the Marlh Lands, and other Lands adjoining the laid Sands, joining he r	(hall.

6«$

47° GEORGII III. Seff. a. Cap. 36.

nation of the faid Commiflioner touching, or concerning any Boundary or Boundaries, fo fet out and determined by the faid Commiflioner. then, and in every luch Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate fo diflatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters fo determined by the faid Commiflioner, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick,Corporate or Collegiate, who (hall be diflatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioner, (hall caufe an A&ion to be brought in the Court of Great Sefiion for the faid County of Carnarvon, upon a feigned Iflue againft the faid Commiflioner, within Three Calendar Months next after' fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioner, with which fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate (hall be fo diflatisfied as aforefaid, and the faid Commiflioner in fuch Aftion or Actions, (hall, and he is hereby required to name an Attorney who (hall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Iflue or 1 flues whereby fuch Boundary or Boundaries may be tried and determined, (fuch Iflue or Iflues to be fettled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which the faid Affiort or Aftions (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties (hall differ about the lame,) and the Verdidl or Verdiits, which (hall be given in fuch Adtion or Actions, (hall be final, binding and conclufive upon all and every Perfon or Perfons whomfo-ever. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefs the Court, wherein fuch Adfion or Adtions (hall be brought, (hall fet afide fuch Verdidt or Verdidls, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which ic Ihall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Verdidl or Verdidts (hall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioner (hall, and he is hereby required to aft in conformity thereto, and to fet out, fix, and determine fuch Boundary or Boundaries thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials:

Provided always, that in cafe the Determination of the faid Commif-fioner, with refpedt to fuch Boundary or Boundaries, Ihall not be objedted to, or being objedted to, fuch Adtion or Adtions at Law (hall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore for that Purpofe mentioned, fuch Determination (hall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That fo foon as conveniently may be Award to be, after the faid Commiflioner (hall have alcertained, fixed, and determined >“ade» the Boundaries of the faid Tradt of Sands, and of the faid Marlh Lands, hereby made liable to the Payment of an Annual Rene as herein-a-ter mentioned, he Ihall form and draw up an Award or Inftrument in Writing, which (hall alcertain and deferibe the Boundaries of the faid Tradt ot Sands, and Marlh Lands, and (hall exprefs and denote the Quanticy in Statute Meafure of Acres, Roods, and Perches thereof; and two Parts of the faid Award, with a Map or Plan of the faid Tradt of Sands and Mar(h Lands, and of the Boundaries thereof, thereto refpedtively annexed, (hall be fairly ingrofied, or written on Parchment, and figned, fealed, and delivered by the faid Commiflioner; and one Part of the faid Award (hall, within Ten Days after the Execution thereof, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Carnarvon, who is hereby required 10 receive and prelerve the fame with the Records of the faid County, lo that Recourfe may be had thereto, by any Perfon or Perfons intereited in the Premifes, (for the lnfpedtion and Perufal wherever & Ptr.-]	«	F	of

669

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 36.

for and during fuch Time as fuch Embankment or other Works fhall be and remain unrepaired, and the Sea fhall be admitted fo as to overflow fuch Marih Lands.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to	ou*

and for the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, and

he, fhe, and they is and are hereby authorized and required, after Embanking the faid Sands as arorefaid, to fet out Two or more Roads acrofs the fame, one of which to lead from Llidiart y Spy tty to Ynys bir, and thence towards Harlech, and one other of which Roads to lead from the prefent Turnpike Road leading from Beddgclert to Criccietb, at or near a Place called Prenteg, to or near to a Place called Ynysfawr, otherwife Knysfordd, towards Tan y bivlcb, through the Parilhes of Ynyjcynhaiarn, Penmorfa, Llanfibangel y traetbau, Uanfihangely pennant,

Beddgelert, and Llanfrctben, or fome of them, and each and every fuch Road, when fo fet out by the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, fhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be a Common or pubiick Highway or Road, and each and every fuch Road fhall be for ever thereafter maintained and kept in good and fufficient Repair by the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Inhabitants, and Exempting Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Parl(h“ and feveral Parilhes, Townfhips, and Places in which fuch Roads, or any Patt f>°m Statute Or Parts thereof, fhall be fituate, fhall be for ever wholly exempt and dil- Duty, charged from the maintainingand repairing the faid Roads, and all and every

Part thereof, (fo far as the faid Sands extend), and from the Performance of Statute Dufy or Labour thereon, and from all Rates and AfTefTments for or on account of the fame.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful Power to

to and for the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, creflToll to ereft or caufe to be erefted fuch and fo many Turnpikes to receive^the	&c*

Tolls hereby granted upon or acrofs the faid Roads, and on or near the

Sides thereof, or in, near, upon, or acrofs any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter Lad out of the fame, as he, fhe, or they fhall think proper, and fuch and fo many Toll Houfes as he tr they fhall think proper, and from Time to Time to alter, remove, or difcontjuue fuch Turpikes or T oil Houfes or any of them as he, fhe, or they fhall think meet andexpedient.

XXII.	And whereas the Paflage acrofs the faid EJluary of Traeth Tolls. Manor is attended with great Danger, and many Perfons have from Time

to Time loft their Lives in attempting to cro£ fhe fame ; be it therefore further crafted, That in confideration of the Improvements of the faid Ratface by the ExcluGon of the Sea as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, or fuch Perfon or perfons, as he or they Jnall from Time to Time appoint, to demand and take or caufe to be demanded and taken for the Ufe and Benefit of the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, at all fuch Turnpikes or Toll Houfes, the Tolls following before any Perfon, or any Carriage, Horle, or other Beaft or Cattle rtfpeftively fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame • fthat is to lay),	’ v

[Iflf. £s? Per.~\	s	C

For

6;o	4?*GEORGII	III.	Seff. 2. Cap. 36.

For every Horfe or other Bead of Draught drawing any Coach, Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-vis, Chaife, Calaih, Chai'e-marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whifky, Caravan, Hearfe, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, any Sum not exceeding One

Shilling.

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Sixpence ; but if there fhall be more than one fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs belonging to the fame Perfon, then the Sum of Sixpence fhall be paid for one of them only, and the Sum of Three-pence only for every other of them:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings and Sixpence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And for every Perfon eroding or palling on Foot, without any Bead or Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Two pence.

A Table of XXIII. And be it further enaCted, That a Table of the faid Tolls Tolls to be fhall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike or Toll Houfe fet vp.	ereCted on the faid Roads, and it fhall and may be lawful to and for

the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, and the feveral Perfons who fhall by the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs and Afligns, be appointed Collectors of the faid Tolls, to demand, colleft, and receive the faid Tolls ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjeCt to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fhall, after Demand made thereof by the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, or by any Collector of the faid Tolls to be appointed as aforelaid, negleCl or refufe to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, or For recover- fuch Collector, to feize and diftrain, or caufe to be feized and dif-ing of Tolls, trained any Carriage, Horfe or Horfes, or other Beaft or Cattle chargeable with the faid Tolls, or any of them, or the Bridies, Saddles, Harnefs, or Accoutrements of fuch Horfe or other Beaft or Beads, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if fuch Tolls, or any Pa’rt or Parts thereof, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Seizure and Diftrefs and of detaining and keeping the fame, fhall not be paid within Five Days next after fuch Seizure and Diftrefs made, the Collector fo feizing or diftrain-ing fhall and may fell or caufe to be fold the Carriage, Horfe, or Horfes, Beall or Bea^s, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harnefs, and Accoutrements fo feized and diftrained, or any Pa t or Parts thereof, at or near to the Turnpike where the faid Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after fuch Tolls and all reafonable 'Cofts and Charges for diltraining, keeping, and felling the fame, fhall be deducted and paid.

Dilutes	XXIV. And be it further enaCted, That if any Difpute fhall arife

rtfpeaing about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Cofts and Charges of diftraining, Tolu and keeping, or felling any Diftrefs, it fhall and may be lawful to and for bchfeu"d°y the c°l|e(^or or Perfons fo diftraining to detain the Diftrefs or the u Juitice. Money arifing from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of diftraining, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs (as

the



47® GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 36.	671

the Cafe may be) (hall be afcertained by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County wherein fuch Difpute (hall arife, who, upon Application made to to him for that Purpofe, (hall examine the faid Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath and Oaths fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter,) and (hall determine the Amount of Tolls due, and (hall alfo afiefs the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and all other reafonable Cofts; all which Sum or Sums fo determined or affefled (hall be paid to the Colleflor before he (hall be obliged to return the faid Diftrefs, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein con- Tolls in cer-tained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid William tain Parts Alexander Ma docks, his Heirs or Afligns, or any Collector of the faid

Tolls, to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day, '3ebe °aa;j (fuch Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve 0nce only of the Clock in the fucceeding Night,) from any Perfon or Perfons for palling whomloever for or in refpedt of the fame Carriage, Horfe, Bead, or *nd reP*f' other Cattle paffing and repaffing through the faid Road leading from llidiarty Spytby to Tnys-bir, and thence towards Harlech, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfonsproducing aTickec denoting that fuch Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in refpett of fuch Carriage, Horfe, Beaft, or other Cattle on the faid Road, which Ticket the faid Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Payment of fuch Toll.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing herein Tolls pay-contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to enable the faid able once IVilliam Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Alfigns, or any Collector of only on the the faid Tolls, to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day i?me ®ajr °" (fuch Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve er

of the Clock in the fucceeding Night), from any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for or in refpeft of the fame Carriage, Horfe, Beaft, or other Cattle, pafiing and repafling through the faid Road, leading from the Turnpike Road leading from Beddgelert to Criccietb, at or near to a Place called Prenteg to or near a Place called Tnsfawr, otherwife Knys-fordd, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons producing a Ticket, denoting that fuch Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in refped of fuch Carriage, Horfe, Beaft, or other Cattle on the faid Road, which Ticket rhe faid Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis, on Payment of fuch T oil.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That no Toll (hall be demanded General

or taken for any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft employed in carrying Exemptions, or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying or» the lame Day anv Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but paffing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying

672	47*	GEORGII	ill.	Sefl*.	2. Cap. 36.

veying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or anf Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manure employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or fob any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fiioed, or for any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religions Worfhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that fhall die and be buried in any of thefaid' Parifiies, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horfe, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Defcription employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fu'ch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife; provided always, that fuch Perfons be dreffed in the Uniform of their refpedtive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedtiveiy at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid; or for any Horfes, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants Tent by legal Paffe's; or for any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, of Carriage carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons going 10 or returning from any Eledtion of a Knight or Knights to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of Carnarvon, or for any Burgefs or Burgeffes to ferve in Parliament for the Town of Carnarvon, on the Day or Days of fuch Eledtion,1 or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledtion fhall begin or be concluded j and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Adt granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to che Purpofes of this Adt/'

Collefton of XXVIII. And be it further er.adted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, cr Tolls to be Litigation fhall arife touching or in any wife relating to the find Tolls, competent or any of them, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled! the fa rite, W uneffes. Qr any other Perfon' or Pei fons adting by or under the Aulhb'rfiy of the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afligns, fhall not be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit,’ or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their bding appointed to colled! fuch Tolls.

Recovery and Application of FeoaJiiei.

XXIX.	And be It further enadted, That all Penalties, and Forfeitures by virtue of this Adt (the Manner of ievying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly diredled) fhall be levied and recovered

by

6?3

47° GE0RG1I III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 36.

by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Carvarvon, (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath,) and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftreis, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, if not herein-before directed to be otherwife applied, fhall be paid to the faid William Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Afiigns; and in cal'e i'ufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor lefs than Seven Days, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be looner fully paid and fatisfied.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction fhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this ACt, or againft any Order of Seffions, or any Matter in purfuance of this Adt, the Form of ConviCtion may be in the Words, or to the EffeCt following ; (that is to fay),

:be remembered. That on this	Day	of	in	the	Form of

‘	Year	of the Reign of Conviaion.

*	A B. is convicted before

*	of	His	Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the

‘ of having (as the Offence fhall be,) and I (or we) the faid ‘	do	adjudge him, her, or them to

*	forfeit and pay for the fame, the Sum of	Given	Under

4 my Hand and Seal, (or our Hands and Seals,) the Day and Year 4 afotefaid.’

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any Perfon or Appeal, Perfons (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in purfuance of this ACt,

ffave and except fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiffioner or of the faid Valuers, or either of them, or the faid Umpire, as are herein declared to be final or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes where an Kfue at Law is herein directed to be tried,) fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace, at the Firft General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County of CarnarvonT next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month, from the Time fuch Matter of Appeal fhall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given T wenty-eight Day’s Notice at leaft of his, her, or “heir Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft, and forthwith after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch County with lufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide bv Or. V Per.]	8 H	thc

674-

47° GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 36.

the Order and Award of the faid Court thereon, and the faid Jultices at fuch Sc (lions upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of iuch Appeal, in a iummary Way, and to make luch Determination therein, and 10 awai'd fuch Colts to either of the Parties, or otherwife as they fhali judge proper; and.the laid Juftices may, if they fee Caiile, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or forfeiture, and may alfo order fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they fhali judge reafonable, and all fuch Determinations of the faid Juftices fhali be final, banding, and condufive upon all Parties, to all Intents and l’urpofcs whatever.

Diflrefs not XXXII. And be it further enaCted, That where any Diftrefs fhali be to be un-	made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this ACt, the

Want'of>r	X'ifkef. itfelf fhali not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

borra.C making the lame be deemed a TrefpalTer or Trefpaffers, on accounc of any DefeCt or Want of Fqrm in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dillrels, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhali the Party or Parties diltraining be deemed a TrefpalTer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity that (hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhali and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXIII.	And be itfurtherenaCted, That no Order, VerdiCt, Affeffment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, or touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft this ACt, lhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed, or be removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatloever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Kecord at IVeftminfier ■, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withltanJing.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiff's (hall recover in any ACtion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this ACt, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Three Calendar Months before luch ACtion (hall be commenced of fuch intended ACtion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch ACtion ; nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Action if fender of lufficient Amends fhali have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch ACtion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch ACtion, by Leave of the Court, after fuch ACtion (hall have been brought at any Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That no Action or Suit (hall be commerced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in

13	purfuance

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Aftior.s.

Proceedings not to be qualhed for Want of Form, or removeable by Certiorari.

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 36.	675

purfuance of this Aft after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact com* mitted ; and every fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of Carnarvon, and not elfevvhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in all fuch Aftions or Suits fhall and may plead the General llfue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Hearing to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Aft; and if ic fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be brought before Three Calendar Month’s Notice fhall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfaflion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fhall find a Verdift for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fhall be nonfuited or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Suic after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every luch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Cods, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the laid Embankment Embank-fhall not be begun before the Expiration of Ten Years, and completed ment ,0 be before the Expiration of Twenty Years from the paffing of this Aft, then, Dtgunan|j. and in fuch Cafe, this Aft fhall be taken and held to have become, and a°)TfmtedU * fhall be abfolutely void, and the laid Sands fhall revert to His Majefty, Time.

or His Heirs and Succeffors.

XXXVII.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His General Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Body Savi"g-or Eodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Suc-ceffors. Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft, (fave and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and intended

to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguifhed,) as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be deemed Publick Aft. and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as

fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being lpecialiy pleaded.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str ah an, Printeis to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

V











1j



■

.

7 '	>V



t



«£'

•V n> i j - ;. . -• •• ■ \

r’■■(£*; *■•• |**lf ■'	j$«

I : ; >(>	•'	•	1	!'■	V	.ltd	X	'

*	..	^	t'

■ **■!» in 1J

• T'- ‘	   *	;'Wk	V	.

v* .	vi	••'*. r	i V-	-	a

:

, j>tl t>d» *»J •*** jM •	■	’ «> w3ky hA i	>*»>*,»* | 4

f-

W< wuftiM

14TJ rW*i6 *to	■>«»'^	;%(AvV>,

I r.-i	4	.	.	f.:	.	.	»H	  Vt	t	u*.

o...	1	,	t*	t ' >	«	5'	u»	1-	I	t'.	1

■..,	•	J-	*



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

- GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT. a.

Cap. 37.

An Aft to explain, amend, and render more effeftual feveral Afts for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwife Lune; and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancajler, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	£ift	Augujl	1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was parted in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Ail for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwife called Lune; and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancafter, in the County Palatine of Lancafter; And whereas another Aft was parted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, intituled An Ail to explain and amend'an Ail made in the Twenty-third Tear of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwife called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancafter, in the County Palatine of Lancafter :	And	whereas	another	Aft	was parted

in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ail to explain, amend, amd render more effeilual feveral Ails made in the twenty-third Tear of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Navigation of the River Per.}	8 /	Loyne,

*3 G- U

12G. j; c. 81.

*9 g. a

c. 39.

678

Towers of former A£ls continued.

47° GEORGII 111. SelT.2. Cap.%7.

Loyne, ctberwife called Lune, and for building a Quay or IVbarf near tbe Town of Lancafter, in the County Palatine of Lancafter, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned i And whereas the Com-lnifTioners and Truftees, appointed by virtue of the faid Afts, have upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties, and in purfuancJ? of the Powers veiled in them, by the faid recited Adis, borrowed feveral Sums of Money, in order to enable them to carry the faid Adis into Execution ; and there now remains due and owing upon the Security of the Rates and Duties, payable under and by virtue of the faid Adis, palled in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, the Sum of Six thoufand Pounds, and there alfo remains due and owing, upon the Security of the Rates and Duties, payable under the faid Adi, parted in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prelent Majelty, the Sum of One thoufand eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the Rates and Duties, granted by the faid feverat Acts, are inadequate to the Payment of the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and of the Intereft accruing thereon, and to the keeping in Repair the Quays, Dock, Ligbt-houfe* and other neceffary Works and Conveniencies for the Improvement of the Navigation of the faid River, exclufiveof the Expence which would be incurred by the Eredlion of the Land-mark at Rojfall Point, mentioned in the faid Act. of the Twenty-ninth Year of His prefent Majelty, which has not■ yet been built: And whereas the faid Commifiioners and Trufteesare unable to borrow and take up at Intereft any further Sums of Money on the Credit of the faid Rates and Duties, granted by the faid Adis, or any of them ; and unlefs fuch Rates and Duties are increafed and rhade perpetual, and conlolidated into One General Fund, the faid. CommiiTioners and Trultees cannot pay the Intereft of the Monies fo borrowed and owing as aforefaid, and keep the faid Quays, Dock, Light-houfe, Buoys, Land-mark, and other ntceffary Works in Repair, and preferve the Navigation of the faid River Cafe and commodious : And whereas great Benefit would refult to the Publick if the Pilots employed in the.faid River anch Port of Lancafter, wehe put under fome neceffary and proper Government and Regulations, and the Powers and Authotitifcs given to and veiled in the faid Commif-fioners and Truftees by the fnid Three former Adis were extended and rendered more effectual:	May	it	therefore plcafe Your Majefty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enadted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-lcmbled, and by the Amiiority of tbe fame. That all and Angular the Authorities, Powers, Remedies, and Provifions, in and by the faid Adi', or any of them, made, enacted, provided, and declared, for arid concerning the building, finilhing, completing, and maintaining the faid Quays or Wharfs* Docks, Light-Houfe, Pier or Moles, and other neceffary Works and Conveniencies, and for making or erefting a per-' manent Land Mark, at a Place called Rojfall Point, arid for appoint1*; iog Commifiioners and Truftees, and for cblledting and levying the leveial Kates and Duties granted by the faid Adts> and ether the Purports thereof (except fo much and fuch Part or Pa^tS thereof as relate m Exemptions from Stamp Duties* and as are repealed, varied, or *■ • . ’■v -	I, A -'altered

679

47° GEORGII III. Setf.2. Cap.37.

altered by this preterit Aft) (hall be and continue in full Force and Effeft, and be executed as fully and effeftually as if the lame were again repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling Dut.et. of this Aft, in lieu and in Head of the Rates and Duties granted and made payable by the faid recited Acts, there (hall be raited,. levied, collefted, and paid for ever hereafter, unto the Com-milTtoners and Trultees for executing the faid recited Afts and this Aft, or their Collector or Colleftors, Receiver or Receivers, to be from Time to Time nominated and appointed, for every Ship, Veltel,

Bark, or Lighter, coming into or going out of the faid Port of Lan-tajl.f, videlicet, coming into or going out of the faid River Lcyne, between Lancajler Old Bridge, and the Perch at Cocker/and Abbey,

(ocher than and except Ships of War and other Ships and VelTels in the Service of His Majeftv, His Heirs and SuccelTors, and Ships driven in by $trefs of Weather and not lading or unlading within the faid Port, and Ships or other Veftels laden with Coal and other Fuel only), the feveral Rates, Cuftoms, Tonnage or Duties mentioned, fpecified, and enumerated in the Table or Schedule to this Aft annexed j and to be levied that the faid Rates and Duties (hall hereafter be paid, received, and levied, acceding to the Regifter Tonnage of the Ships or Veltels re- Tonnage of fpeftively navigating the Btfy, and reforting to the faid Port of Lan- the Ships cajler; anti in every Cafe where no Regifter lhall be produced, then navigating according to the Meafurement prefetibed by an Aft made in the Thir- the “ ort* teenth Year of the Reign of His pre'ent Majefty, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burden of Ships and Veltels importing and exporting Goods into ahd from this Kingdom, or fay an Aft made in the Twenty-fixth Yearofflis pretent Majefty, for the further lncreafe of Shipping and Navigation; and every Owner or Mafter of any Ship or Vefitd, who (hall refute to produce fuch Regifter, or to have his or their Ship or Vt (tel meafured as aforefaid, (hail, for every fuch Offence. relpeftively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds to the faid Commiflioners andTruftees.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That the faid Duties may Commirfioners and Truftees are hereby authorifed and empowered from b«tefleued. Time co Time to reduce.the Rates and Duties by this Aft granted, or any

of them, and to order and direct the fame to be collefted, received, and taken in‘luch Parts and Proportions as they (hall think proper, any Thing herein,or in the faid fornierAfts contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding, fo as fuch Reduftion fhall be of no Prejudice to, or be made with the Content of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five-Oxth Parts of the Money lent upon the Credit of the faid Rates and Duties and due and owing at the Time of fuch Reduftion.

IV.	Provided always. That if at any Time after fuch Reduftion of the andralfe^ faid Rates and Duties as aforefaid, the Rates and Duties fo reduced and aSain* ltltencd (hall not be found fufficient to anfw'er the Purpotes intended

by this and the (aid former Afts, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners and Truftees from Time to Time, and fuch Proportions as they (hall think proper, to advance and in-

create

68a

Application of Dutiei.

The A£l not to extend to the Lieln-hbtlfc Doties.

A Majority of Cotrnnif-ftoners and T ullees at any Meeting, ootlefs than Five, to be taken as a Majority for all Furpcfcs.

Former. Mortgages to be cancelled ;

and new

Mortgages

g anted in lieu thereof.

47* GEORGII III. Scfl. 2. Cap. 37.

creafe the faid Rates and Duties to the refpeCtive Sum and Sums by this A<ft directed to be raifed and paid, and afterwards at any Time to lefi'cn or reduce the fame again in Manner aforefaid.

V.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted, That notwich-ftandirtgany of the Ctaufcs and Directions contained in the faid recited ACts, or any of them, with refpeCt to the Application of the feveral Rates and Duties granted and made payable by the faid feveral recited ACts, or any of them, the faid Commillioners and Truftees lhall, and they are hereby authoiized and empowered to apply and difpofe of tho feveral Rates and Duties granted and made payable by this ACt, gene-fally and indifcriminately, and in fuch Manner as they, or a Majority of them, at any Meeting to be held from Time to Time for that Pur-pofe, lhall order and direCt, for and towards carrying into Execution all and every or any of the Purpofes in the faid leveral recited Ads, and this ACt, or any of them, mentioned and exprelTcd.

VI.	Provided always and be it enaCted, That nothing herein contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or alter the Rates and Duties granted by the faid ACt of the Twenty-ninth of His prefent Majelty for the Maintenance and Support of the Light-houfe or Light-houles thereby authorised to be ereCted, but that the lame lhall be collected, levied, and applied in fuch and the fame Manner as if this ACt had not been made.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That at any Meeting of the faid Com. miflioners and Truftees, duly convened and alTembled in the Manner preferibed in and by the faid recited ACt of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majelty King George the Second, a Majority of the faid Commillioners and Truftees, not lefs than Five in Number prefent at fuch Meeting, lhall be deemed and taken as a Majority of the faid Commillioners and Truftees for executing all the Purpofes of the faid recited ACts, and of this ACt; any Thing in the faid recited Aift's, or any of them contained, to the contrary notwithftantjing.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the feveral Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be due and owing, at the Time of palling this ACt, upon any Mortgage or Afiignmenc of the Rates and Duties granted by the feveral recited ACts, or any of them, lhall deliver up their refpeCtive Securities to the faid Commillioners and Truftees, to be cancelled j and (hall thereupon receive From the faid Commillioners and Truftees other Mortgages or Aflignments to the fame Amount, in lieu thereof, upon the feveral Rates and Duties granted’ by this ACt, (the Charges of fuch Mortgages or Aflignments to be paid out of the faid Rates and Duties) 5 which faid Mortgages or Aflignments the faid Commillioners and Truftees are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to execute and deliver; all which faid Mortgages or Aflignments lhall be in the Words or to the EfFeCt following:

•	ryY virtue of an ACt made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign

*	0 of King George the Third, [here Jet forth the Title of this A£f]

*	*	#c



Form of Mortgage.

68r

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 37-

*	we whole Names are hereunto fubfcribed and Seals affixed, being ‘ the Commiflioners and Truftees afting in Execution of the faid Aft,

*	in Confideration of the Sum of	totheCol-

*	lector or Receiver of the Rates and Duties in Hand, heretofore paid

*	and advanced by A. B., do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and transier

*	unto the faid A. B., his Executors, Admimftrators, and Afligns,

*	fuch Proportion of the Rates and Duties arifing by virtue of the laid ‘ Aft as the faid Sum of

*	doth or (hall bear to the whole Sum charged and advanced on the 1 Credit of the Rates and Duties heretofore granted, or any or

*	them, to be had and holden from the Day of the Date hereof, until

*	the faid Sum of	with	Intereft	after the Rate

‘ of per Centum per Annum., (hall be paid off. Given under our

*	Hands and Seals, this	Day of	in	the

‘ Year of our Lord	.*

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages or Afiignments (hall be entered Copies of in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpole by the Clerk or Clerks Mortgages of the faid Commiflioners and Truftees; and fuch Book or Books (hall ^ bc ert“ and may, at all feafonable Times, be perufed and infpefted without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Afugnments which lhall be made in the Manner and Form aforefatd, lhall bc good, valid, and efieftual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Afiignments have been or lhall be made as aforefaid, or who are or (hall be entitled to the Money thereby re-Ipeftively fecured, may from Time to Time aflign and transfer the lame Security or Securities refpeftively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, T itle, and Intereft to the Principal and Ir.tereft Money thereby refpeftively fecured, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effeft following :

‘ I A. B. being entitled to the Sum of	fecured	to	Form of

Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, Transfer, by virtue of a Mortgage or Afiignment bearing Date thej

*	Day of	under the Hands and Seals of

the Commifiioners and Truftees afting in the Execution of an ‘ Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George t the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the Title of this A£l,~\ upon ‘ the Credit of the faid Aft, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all Principal and Intereft Money now due and owing thereon, unto C. D. his Executors, Admi-

*	nifirators and Afiigns. Dated this * Day of	in	the

*	Year of our Lord

And everv luch Transfer lhall be produced and notified to the Transfer to Clerk to the faid Commifiioners and Truftees, within One Calendar beenteteJ. Month next after the Dace thereof, who lhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to bc made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the (aid Book or Books, to be kept for entering the faid original Mortgages or Afiignments to be made bv virtue of this Aft, and tor [Lee. Per.]	U’	'	which

682

Application of Corn-pen fation, if amounting to sool.

470 GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 37.

which Entry die Clerk, who {hall enter the fame, {hall he paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after fuch Entry made, every fuch Transfer lhall entitle the Perfon, to whom the fame (hall he made, his, her, or their Executors, Adininiftrators, and Atfigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon j and after fuch Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforefaid, it lhall not be in the Power of any Perlon or Perlons making luch Transfer to make void, releafe or difcharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Afiignments, or Transfers lhall be made as aforefaid, (hall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein relpectively mentioned. Creditors on fuch Rates and Duties in equal Degree one with another, and lhall have no Preference in refpedt of the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or of the Dates of fuch Mortgages or Afiignments.

IX.	And be it furtherena£led,That if any Money lhall bepaid.or agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchaled, taken, or uled, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Adis, and this Adi, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Adminitlrator, Iluiband, Guardian, Committee, or otherTruftee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot,FemeCovert.or otherCcfluique Trull, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ft riel or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Disability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame ihall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank a{Engl<md,\n the Name,and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account thcrt,ex parte theCommifiioners and Truftees for executing the faid recited Acls, and this Adi, to ihe Intent that fuch Monty lhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon aPetition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorile to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Uies, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the lame ihall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the laid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,Tenements,or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, lor, and upon fuch and the like Ules, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments which lhall be fo purchaled,taken, or ul'ed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at ihe Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, (hall be exilling undetermined, and capable of taking Effctfl; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchale lhall be made, the faid Money lhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted bv the faid Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confoli-dated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in

the

683

4?* GEORGII III. Sefi. 2. Cap. 37.

the mean Time, and until the fate! Bank Annuities (hall be ordereu by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the (aid Court, to the Pcrfbn or Perfons who would, for the 1 ime being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the faid recited Acts, or this Adi, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

X.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Money ft) agreed or awarded to be pa d for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforelaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Dilability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be (ignified in Writing under their refpective Hands, be paid intothe Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order-to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other-wife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the faid Commiflioners and Truftees for executing the faid recited Acts and this Act, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be (ignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parries), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon rnay be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fofaras the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Couit of Chancery.

XI.	Provided all'o, and be it enacted. That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall he lefs than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall be applied to the.Ufe of the Perlon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Com-miflioners and Truftees fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hill be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled relpedively.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe-the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, dull refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises,

to

Application of Com-penfation, if left than 2 oo 1. and exceeding

20I.

Application ol Com-penfation, if lefs than 20I.

In cafe of not makinj out Titles,

6H4

or if perfons cannot be tound, Pur. chafe Money to be paid into the ii»nk.

ifubjeft to the Order of the Court of Chancery} ' on Motion ■ or Petition.

Where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title to Morey to be paid, the Perfon who •fhall be in PofTcflion at the Time of Juch Pur-chafe, fhall bedeemed entitled thereto, according to fuch Pof-dclfion.

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 37.

to the Satisfaftion of the faitl CommifTioners and Truftees; or in cafe fuch P effort or Perfons to whom luch Sum or Sums of Money n ail be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be nac known or diicovere4, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid CommifTioners and Truftees, or any Two or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credic of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them), fubjedt to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery, which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons, making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fliall be and is hereby empowered, in a luminary Way of Proceeding, orotherwife as to the fame Court fliall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedtive Eftate or Effaces, Title or Interelt .of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court fliall feem juft and rea-lonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall reteive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and ipecifying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

Xlir. Provided always, and be it enadled, That where any Queftion fhall arife, touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Rit.hr, or Interelt in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-laments to be purchafed, in purfuance of the faid recited Adts and this Adt, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fucli Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fliall have been in Pofieffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of luch Purchale, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perlon or Perfons, or under the Poflel-fion of fuch Perlon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to luch PolTefTion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the laid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interelt of the Bank Annuities to be purclnled with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and dil’poled of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch PofielTion was a wrongful PofTcfflon, and that lome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to lome Hftate or Intereft therein.

16

Xiy. Provided

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 37.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That where by reafon of any Dilability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the laid recited Adis and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the Paid recited Afts and this Aft, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the laid recited Afts and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem realonable, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners and Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, who lhall, from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the laid Court lhall direft.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners and Truftees lhall, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing, to be figned by any Five or more of them, to grant Licences to fuch a Number of proper Perlons to conduft or pilot Ships or Veflels into or out of the faid River and Port, and fix and order fuch Rates for the fame; and lhall have Power from Time to Time to difcharge any fuch Pilot fo licenfed, and to alter fuch Rates, and do all other Matters which the faid Com-miftioners and Truftees, or any Five or more of them, lhall judge proper in that Behalf, a Copy of all which Licences lhall be entered in a Boole* to be provided and kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Corn, miftioners and Truftees j and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall take upon him or themfelves to conduft or pilot any Ship or Velfel into or out of the faid River and Port, without being licenfed fo to do as herein-before direfted, every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedingTen Pounds: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained lhall extend to prevent any Perfons from affifting Veflels in Diftrefs, or from piloting the fame when licenfed Pilots cannot be obtained : Provided always, that it lhall and may be lawful to and for tr,e faid Commiflioners and Truftees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to make, conftitute, and ordain all fuch reafonable Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations for the good Rule and Government of the laid Pilots as to them in their DilCrction lhall feern n\eet, and alfo from Time to Time to repeal, vary, alter, or amend 'any fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations, fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations not to be repugnant to any Thing in this Aft contained, or contrary to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and alfo afeertain and let down what pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures lhall be incurred by any Perfon breaking or evading the lame, fo that no Penalty or Forfeiture exceed the Sum ofF ive Pounds for any one Offence; which Penalties may be levied and recovered in Manner direfted by the faid recited Acts: Provided alfo, that a Copy of the faid Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations lhall be printed, and be and remain affixed or hung up in fomc confpicuous Parc of the Cuftom-houfe at Lancafter, and of the Office for Receipt of the Kates and Duties hereby granted ; and that at the Time of making luch Bye-Laws, Rules,and Regulations, publickNotice fhall begiveno'f

[Lvc. & Per.]	8	L

685

The Court of Chancery stay order reafonable Expences of Purchafes to be paid by Commiflioners and Truftees.

Commif-fioners may appoint Pilots.

636

Puniflitng M - Hers of Ships ro< taking Pilots.

\

Fees on Licences.

Expences of this Aft.

Peblick Aft.

470 GEORG 11 III. SefT. 2. Cap. 37-

the fame, by ad verrifing fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations in fome Newfpaper pubiifhed in the laid Town of Lancajier; but if there (hall be no Newlpauer pubiifhed in the faid Town of Lancajier, then in fome other Newlpr.per pubiifhed in the (aid County of Lancajier, Fourteen Days at lead before any fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations (hall be executed or take Effedl.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Mafler or Commander of any Ship or VcfTel, which (hall at any Time hereafter be bound or going into or out of the faid Port of Lancajier, (except Veffels in Ballad, or Coaders,) fhall refufe to take on board, or employ a Pilot licenfed as aforefaid, who fhall offer his Services, and produce his Licence, fuch Mader, Commander, or the Owner, Agent, Confignee, or Broker, adling for fuch Veffel, fhall pay, or caute to be paid to the Pilot, who fhall firft offer his Services, and be fo refufed, the full Pilotage, according to the faid relpedlive Rates, as if the laid Pilot had been employed to conduct, and had conduced fuch Ship or Veffel into or out of the faid Port or River} and the like Powers and Authorities are hereby granted to fuch Pilots, who fhall be fo licenfed as aforefaid, for the Recovery of any Rates due to them, as are veiled in the Commiffoners and Truflees for the Recovery of any Duties or Tonnage granted by this or the former Acts.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiffoners and Truflees fhall have Power to demand and receive from each Pilot any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for his Licence, which Sum, together with the Monies arifing from Fines to be inflicted upon Pilots as aforefaid, fhall, after defraying the Expences of managing the Affairs of the faid Pilots, be applied, under the Direction of the faid Commiffoners and Truflees, to the Relief of Poor or difabled Pilots, belonging to the faid Port and River, their Widows and Children.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and paffng this Adi fhall be defrayed out of the Rates and Duties granted by the faid recited Adis and this Adt.

XIX.	And be it enacled. That this Adi fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Adi, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHEDULE

47° GEORGII III. Sefl.2. Cap 37.

SCHEDULE to which this A6I refers.

For every Ship or Veflel coming into or going out of the faid Port of Lancajler, or trading to or from any Port or Place in Europe, within the Streigbts, or Mediterranean Sea, or to or from any Port or Place in Afr:;a, America, or Greenland, the Sum of Three Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen orTonnage ofeveryfuch Shipor Veflel refpeftively:

For every Ship or Veflel coming into or going out of the faid Port, and trading to or from any Foreign Part or Place in Europe, (except Ireland, ti e Ifie of Man, and the Streigbts or Mediterranean Sea,) the Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every furh Ship or Veflel relpeftively :

For every Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter coming into or going out of the faid Port, and trading to or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, fituate South of Holyhead, and North of the Mull of Galloway, the Sum of One Shilling nd Sixpence forevtry Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every fuch Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter refpeftively : For tvery Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter coming into, or going out of the faid Port, and trading to or from any Port or Place, in Ireland or the Ifie of-Man, the Sum of One Shilling for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every fuch Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter refpcftivtlv :	•

For every Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter, coming into or going out of the faid Port, and trading to or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, North of Holyhead, and South of the Mull of Galloway, the Sum of Sixpence for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage of every fuch Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter refpeftively:

And for every Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter, coming in Ballad into the faid River Loyne, and not lading or unlading within the faid Port, for every Ton, One-fourth Part of the faid feveral Rates and Duties charged and impoled on any Ship, Veflel, Bark, or Lighter of the fame Burthen or Tonnage refpeftively by this Aft.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefly. 1807.

	i ' V. C:rC • i
	
	
	(O / .4 ’ . , • . PI
it. ' ! - l K	
■ ‘ “ •'	
t I ft '	

.	•	"* 1	'	>y 'i ■	■■■	t	..r

;	1	/	.	, I ,	/	«	'	I

. .	■	'	t» :	.	v	.	i	a.. ’	*!C	•	•	I	•)	two	«f||

i i i	, -	;■	i	ii •	i

*.<i	J	&	l f-: «;	)

: ■: ••	n	.	{

in ■ rt) I* ■	•	<	.•	-so	•	' . I , .

I i	^	I	1	'	1	I	I

,	■■	\	-. ■*	•	;	,V.	“	i	]

. ■>' /	r	*(	f.

1. •IC;	J	-	»>;	A

f1	■	.	.	.	,	:	i

■

‘ . ....





GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelT. 2.

<MhMh»************ ******************************* ** * *9

Cap. 38.

An Act for more effectually paving the Streets and other Places within that Part of the Parifh of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Mid-dlefex, and Part of a Street called Eajl Smith field, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine ; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances therein. [_ift Augufi 1807."]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Seventh Year of the Reign 7 Geo. III. of His prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An Aft for paving the «• S8- *nd “ Streets and other Places in that Part of the Parilh of Saint “ Botolpb Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlefex, and Part of a “ Street called Eajl Smith field, in the Precinft of Saint Catherine -, and <c for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Ob- P0'0-111, “ ftruftions and Annoyances therein And whereas an Aft was pafled j|tjd‘re* in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled,

“ An Aft to amend and render more effeftual an Act, pafled in the “ Seventh Year ofHis prefent Majefty, intituled, “jAn Act for paving “ the Streets and other Places in that Part of the Parifh of Saint Botolpb “ Aldgate which lies in the County of Midd'ejex, and Part of a Street “ called Eajl Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine-, and for ** cleanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obftruc-“ tions and Annoyances therein And whereas the Commiffioners ap-

grinted by virtue of the faid Two feveral Acts have proceeded in the xecution thereof to the great Benefit of the Diftrict comprifed in the faid [Ltc. fcf Per.]	8	M	Acts	;







690

4~° GEORG II HI. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 38.

Acts; But the Provifions of the faid Acts have tjcen found, to be inadequate to the feveral Purpolfis thereby intended, and it would be more convenient, and tend to facilitate the Execution of {bf ityeral Powers wanted, if the fame were to be reduced into One Act-or ^parliament: May.it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may bt-tffa<$^d; and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent M-tjefty, by ajjrf v^»th the •Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temper'Land Cqltimons, in this prefent Parliament aflembied; and by the Authority oftne fame. Former A£W That from and after the palling of this Act, the faid Two feveral recited repealed. Acts, and all the feveral Powers and Authorities, Matters and Things therein contained, (hall be and the fanje.js and.are hereby.repealed and made void, to all Intents and Purpoles -whatfoever; five-ami except as to the recovering, levying, collecting, or receiving any Penalties, Kates, or AfTeffments due at the Time of the palling of this.Act.* which faid Penalties, Rates, and Aflcffments may and fhall be. recoverable, levied, and collected under any of the Powers and Authorities of this Act.

Ccmmiffion-ers Names.

On Death

&c. of Com-miftioners, others to be chofen.

Ten Days publick Notice to be given of Election.

II. And be it further enacted, That Henry Goodwyn Efquire, William Downe Efquire, James Holbrooke, Richard Gray, Daniel Harwood, John Kippax, Thomas P or teen Harris, John Roebuck, David Miles, John Hill, James Bartlett, George Alwortby, Samuel Kirkman, Nugent Robert Polhill, Jifeph Dutton, John Howe, John Rofe, Jofeph Metcalfe, Richard Coleman, John Addifon, and John IVhippell, being Inhabitants within the Diftrict and Places comprifed in this Act, fliall be and they and their Succeflbrs, to be elected in manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and are hereby appointed Commiffioners.fur putting this.Act in Execution.

Ilf. And be it further enacted. That in cafe of the Death of any of the above named Commiflioners, or of .fuch Commiflioners fo to be elected, or of their Removal out of the faid Diftrict, or refufal to act, or if any fuch Commifiioner fhall neglect to attend at the Meetings of the faid Commiflioners to be held for the Execution of this Act for the Space of Six Calendar Months, unlefs prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable Occafion, that then and in every fuch Cafe the reft: of the Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, fhall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time elect One other Per-fon inhabiting within the faid Diftrict to be a Commifiioner in the Room and Stead of fuch Commifiioner fo decealed, removing, refufing to act, or neglecting to attend, but Ten Days pubiick Notice of the Time ahd Place of Meeting for every fuch Election fliall be given, by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the Parifh Church of Saint Bololph Aldgate, and upon the Door of the Church within the faid Precinct of Saint Catherine, and every Perfon fo elected is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Perfon in whofe Place he fhall be chofen was veiled with.

Qualification IV- And be it further enacted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of Ot Comm if- acting as a Commifiioner in the Execution of this Act, unlefs he Hull be fioners.	his	own	Right	or	in Right of his Wife, in the actual PolTeffion or

Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or pofieffed of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftateof the Value of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Perfon not being fo qualified fliall prefume to get, every fuch Perfon fhall for »	every

'iH

47°GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 38.

every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of Uis Majtfty’s Courts of Record, by Aftion of Debr, or on the Cale, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, together with Cofts of Suit, wherein no Kffoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more chan One Imparlance (ball be allowed, and wherein ihe Proof of Qualification lhall lie on 'he Perfon prolecuted ; and it (hall be fufficient on the Part of the Profecu-tor to prove that the Perfon fo prol’ecuced had acted as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Act,

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners or any Five or more of them (hall meet together on the Second ‘Thurjiay next after thepaffingof this Aft, at the Workhoufe of that Parc of the faid Parifh of Saint Bctolpb Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlefex, and (hall then and there proceed to put this Aft in Execution 5 and che faid..Commifiioners are hereby empowered to adjourn themfelves from Time to Time to fuch J loufe, or other convenient Place within that Part of the faid Parifh 0(Saint Boteloph Aldgate, as they (hall think proper; and if at any Meeting fo appointed there (hall not appear a fufficient Number of Commifiioners to aft, or adjourn to another Day, or in cafe the faid Commifiioners fo alfembled (hail omit, negleft, or refufe to adjourn themfelves, then and in every fuch Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commifiicners fhall appoint a Meeting of the faid Commif-fioners to be held within Ten Days after, and at the Place where the lafl: Meeting was appointed to be held, publick Notice whereof (hall be given by affixing the fame in Writing upon the principal Door of the faid Pariffi Church of Saint Bctoloph Aldgate, and upon the Door of the Church within the faid Precinft of Saint Catherine, at leaft Six Days before fuch adjourned Meeting ; and in cafe of the faid Clerks making Default in giving fuch Notice, then any Two of the faid Com-miffioners fhall and may give the like Notice, and in manner as aforesaid : Provided always, that no Order or Determination of the faid Commifiioners (hail be valid unlefs the fame (hall be made at a Meeting held in purfuance of this Aft, lave and except fuch Orders and Determinations as lhall have been made, prior to the palling this Aft, at a Meeting or Meetings held under the faid former Afts j nor (hall any Commiflioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforefaid, be capable or afting as fuch during the Time he lhall enjoy any Office of Profit by virtue of the Powers given by this Aft, or have any Share or Interefl. in any Contraft relating to the Execution thereof.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commifiioners lhall at all their Meetings under this Aft pay and defray their own Expences.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commifiioners or any Five or more of them lhall and may by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their Firlt or any fubfequent Meeting held in purfuance of this Act, appoint One or more Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch other Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act, except a Collector or Collectors of the Rates by this Act impofed, as they the laid Commifiioners or any Five or more of them lhall think proper, and from T ime to Time remove him or them, and

appoint

6qt

Penalty on aftinjr if not qualified.

Meetings of ComiD.iiioiu era.

May afterwards adjourn and meet a s they fhall think props .

If a fufficient Number do not meet the Clerk to appoint another Meeting. Notice to be given.

Ccmtniffion-

ers not to aft during the

Timeiheyea-joy any Place of Profit under ibis Ait.

Commiffion-ers 10 defray their own Expences. Coromif-fioners to appoint Treae furer, &c. and to take Security j

and remove them and iy>

692

Point others, ®nd allow them Salaries;

to Account,

and deliver up the Etcks, &c.

4.7* GEORGII Til. Seff.2. Cap. 38.

appoint others as they (ball find neceffary and convenient; and.by and out of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Act may and they are hereby empowered to pay fuch Salaries and Allowances to fuch Officers, and to all other Perfons employed by them rhe laid Commiffioners in the Execution of this Act, as they (hall think reasonable, and the faid Com* miflioners or any Five or more ot them (hall and may take iuch Security for the due Execution of the refpedlive Offices by fuch Perfon and Perfons as aforefaid as the faid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them (hall think proper ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the feveral Rates or Sums of Money hereby granted (hall pay the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall from Time to Time be appointed to collect and receive the fame as herein-alcer mentioned; and all fuch Officers and Perfons fo to be appointed as aforeiaid (hall under their Hands, at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch Manner as the laid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them (hall direct, deliver to fuch Commiffioners true and perfecc Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Care or Charge by virtue of this Act, or of the faid Two feveral recited Acts-, and alio of all the Monies which fhall have been by fuch Officer and Officers, or Perfon and Perfons, re-fpectively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of the laid T wo feveral recited Acts, or either of them, orof this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburfed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and fhall pay all fuch Monies as (hall remain in their refpective Hands to the laid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint; and all the faid Officers and Perfons fo accounting as aforefaid (hall upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the faid Commiffioners or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) verify their faid Accounts, and if any fuch Officer or Perfon (hall not make and render, or (hall refufe to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or lhall not deliver to the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, wifhin Ten Days next after being thereunto required by any Five or more of them the faid Commiffioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cufiody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or of the faid former Acts, or either of them, or lhall refufe or neglect to pay fuch Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts (hall appear to be in their refpective Hands to the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or moreofthem, or as they (hall diiect or appoint, then and in either of the Cafes aforefaid fuch Commiffioners, or anyFive or more of them, may and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Action or Actions in the Names of fuch Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, againft the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, (o retufing or neglecting as aforeiaid, in Order for the Recovery of the Monies that (hall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpectively or if Complaint lhall be made by the faid Commiffioners, or by any Five or more of them, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe, of any fuch Refulal or Neglect as aforefaid, to any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fo refufing or neglecting as aforefaid, (hall be and refide, fuchjuf-tices may and arc hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or

Warrant*

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 38.	6g3

Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Officer or Officers,

Perfon or Perfons fo refuting or neglec'ng, to be brought before them, and upon his and their appearing, or not being to be found, to Hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way, and if upon the Confeffi m of t&e Party or Parties, or by the Teftimony of any credible Wituels or Wirneffes upon Oath, it (hall appear to fuch Juftices that any of the Monies that (hall h v been coilefted c r railed by virtue of this Act ffiall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perlons, fuch Juf-ticesmay and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-paymenc thereof by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe luch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perlon or Perfons, offending in tne Premiles refprctivelv, and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, can be found lufficient to anfwer and latisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of diftraining and felling the fame, or in rale ic ffiall appear to iu. h Jultices by the Confeflion of the Party fo offending, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs uponOaih,thar any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Aft, ffiall be in the Cultodv or Power f any fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, and he or they (ha 1 refufe to deliver the fame as aforelaid, then ai d in either of the faid Cafes fuch Joffices ffiall commit eveiy luch Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where fuch Offender (hall be and refide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprife, until he ffiall give and make a true and perfedt Account and Payment as aforelaid, or until he ffiall compound «i h the laid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of them, and ffiall have paid fuch Compofuion in fuch Manner as they ffiall appoint, (wtiich Compofuion the faid Commifiioners or any Five or mote of them ate hereby empowered to make,) and until he ffiall deliver up luch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or give Satisfaction in refpeft thereof to the faid Commifiioners or any Five or moreot them: Provided always, that no Perfon who ffiall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels ffiall be detained in Priicntor any Term longer than Six Calendar Months.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the Treafurer, Officers ur-Clerks, Surveyor, Beadle, Watchmen, and all other Servants and Offi- der former cers appointed by virtue or in purfuance of the faid Twofeveral recited Aa.s ° holJ Afts, ffiall hold and enjoy their feveral and relpective Offices and Em-ployments, together with the feveral and refpeftive Salaries, Gratuities, removed" and Allowances thereto annexed, until he or they ffiall be removed therefrom relpeftively by the faid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of

them ; and every luch Treafurer, Clerks, Surveyor, Beadle, Watchmen, and other Servan.s and Officers, ffiall be fubjeft to the like Pains and Penalties and Power of Removal, and to the like Rule* and Regulations, as if he, (he, or they had been nominated or appointed by virtue ot thisAft.

IX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon who as a Clerk, No Officer Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant ffiall be any Ways employed io take any by the faid Commifiioners in putting this Aft or any of the Powers Reward bot thereof in Execution, ffiall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward SaldI5’ * whatsoever, other than fuch Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as ffiall

be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the laid Commifiioners, or any hive or more of them, for or on account of any Thing done or to - [Lee. fc? Per.']	8	JV	be

694

Or be ifltereft-*d in any Bargain made by the Com-miffioners.

Commiffion-ers to have Power to pave, &c.

Materials, See. to be brought into Streets.

Comm’fiioti-ers may make Contracts.

Property of all Materials vefted in

Commiflion-ers i

47° G EO R G11 III. SefT. 2. Cap. 28.

be done by virtue of this Aft, or on any Account whatfoever relative to the putting this Aft in Execution, or fhall any Ways be concerned in lnterelt in anv Bargain or Contract made or to he made by the faid Commiffioners, or any of them, for the Purpofesof putting this Aft in Execution, every fuch Perfon fo offending flaall be incapable of ever lerving or being employed under this Aft, and fhall over and above forfeit^ the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which laid Suit no Efibign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the pafTing of this Aft the faid Commiffioners, or any hive or more of them, at their Fir ft or any lubfequent Meeting, fhall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to caufe, order, and direct the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, or any of them to be paved, repaired, railed, funk, or altered, and alio to caufe, order, and direct the fame to be clcanfed, lighted, and watched, when and in fuch Mariner as they fhall think fir.

XI.	And be it further enafted. Tint the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, fhall alfo have full Power and Authority to cauie to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the faid Streets and Places, fuch Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, and to employ fuch Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, and to iffiue fuch Money on thole Accounts, and to do all and every fuch other Acts and Things as the laid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, fhall judge neceffiary or conducive to the accomplilhing the Purpofes of this Act.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or rr.oie of them, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any of their faid publick Meetings as Occafion fhall require, to contract with any fit Pcrion or Perlons for paving and keeping in Repair the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places above del’cribed, or any of them, and for clejnfing and lighting the fame, which Contract and Contracts fhall fpecify the leveral Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, the Time or Times when the faid Works fhall be completed, and the Penalties to be fuffered on Non performance thereof, and fhall be figned by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, and the Perfon or Perfons contracting to perform fuch Works; but previous to the m..king any iuch Contract Ten Days Notice fhall be given in l'ome publick Newfpaper expreffing the Intention of the intended Contract, in order that any Perfon or Perfons willing to undertake the fame may make Propofals for that Purpofe, to be offered and prefented to the faid Commiffioners at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Pavements, Lamps, Lamp-irons, Timber, Furniture, and all other Materials and Things which have been provided for the Purpofes of the laid Two feveral recited Acts, or fhall be provided and made ufe of for

the

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.38.

the Purpofes of this A ft, (hail be and the fame are hereby veiled in the Comm'(boners for the Time being, and they or any Five or more of them arc hereby authorized and empowered‘to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Actions in the Name or Names of any Or.e or more of them, or to prefer and order and diredt the preferring of Indictments agatnft any Perfon or Perfons who (laail (teal, take, or carry awav, anv or any Part of fuch Mateitals or Things, or dilturb them in the Pofleflion thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fha!! wilfully break, throw down, or otherwife damage any of the Lamps which have been ordered bv the Commiffioners under the laid rented Afts, or which fliall he erefted by the laid Commiliioners under this ACt, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or extin-guilh any of the laid Lamps when lighted, it fha] 1 be lawful lor any One or more Juiticeor Jnil ices of the Peace acting in and for the County or Place where luch Offender or Offenders fhall be and refide, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commiffion of any luch Offence, to iffue a Warrant or Warrants fur apprehending the Party or Parties accufed, or ic fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who (hall fee fuch Offence committed to apprehend, as alio lor any other Perion or Perfons ,to alfift in apprehending, the Offender or Offenders, and, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them into the Cuflody of a Peace Officer, in order to be lecured and conveyed before Come Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Offence fliall be committed, to be dealt with as herein-alter is directed ; and the Party or Parties accufed being brought before any fuch Jullice, or Oath being made before him that fuch Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, fuch Jullice lhali proceed to examine upon Oath any Witnefs or Witneffes who fhall appear or be produced to give Information touching fuch Offence, and if the Party or Parties accufed fhall be convicted of fuch Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confeffion, or upon fuch Information as aforelaid, lie, lhe, or they fo convicted fhall for the Fitll Offence rcfpectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each Lamp lo broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguifhed'as afereiaid, anti for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Shillings, and for the Third and every fublequsnt Offence any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Shillings, and a full Satisfaction (hall alio be made to the iaid Commiffioners, or their Surveyor, by every fuch Offender or Offenders for the Damage fo by him, her, or them done as aforefaid j and in cafe fuch Offender or Offender fhall not upon Conviction pay luch Forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, and make luch Saul-faction as aforelaid, the Jullice before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhall tie convicted is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or Houle of Correction for the laid County or Place, thert to be kept to hard Labour for any Time noc exceeding Three Calendar Months; and fuch Offender or Offenders lhall not be ditcharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, lhe, or they /hail be committed, unlefs fuch Forfeiture and Satil-laction lhali be iooner paid and given ; one Moiety of the faid refpec-tive Forfeitures, when recovered, lhall be paid to the Informer or Informers,

695

arha may bring Aflitn or prefer I ndictmencs for Mealing the Gune.

And fee

dsmeging Lamps, Sec.

696

Penalty on

interrupting

Workmen.

Commifliott-ers may fell the old Materials and apply the Money, See.

Notice to be given to Sur veyor of taking up Pavement for repairing, &c. any Vault or Drain, Scc.

Commiffion-ers to relay it and be reim barfed the Expences.

47° GEORG 11 III. fiff.2. Cap. 38.

formers, and the other Moiety (hall he applied for the Purpofes of this .Act; and if any Ferlon (hall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or other wife damage any ot the (aid Lamps, or any of the Ports, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and (hall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the (aid Commiffioners, or anv Five or more of them, or to their Surveyor, lor the Damage by Inch Pcrion done as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Comp'aint to be made by any Five or more of the fatd Commiffioners, or by their Surveyor, to fummon the Party complained of, and.upon his or their Appearance, or making Default to appear. Oath being made that the Party complained of was ferved with (uch Summons, or that the fame was left at his or her Dwelling-houl’e or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or (he could not be found, fuch Juftice (hall proceed to examine the Matter of the faid Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, cither by the Confelhon of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Wjtnefs or W itneffts, lhall award and order luch Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of for the Damage fo done by him or her as to fuch Juftice (hall appear juft and reafonable, and (hall caule the Sum fo awarded (in cale the lame be not paid forthwith upon the making fuch Award or Order) to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods 2nd Chattels, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, afttr the Charges of profecuting fuch Complaint and of fuch Diitrels and Sale (hall be deducted.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any Time or Times obftrucr, hindtr, or molelt any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, who is or ate or fhall be en ployed by virtue of this Act in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every luch Perlon lo offending fhall for the Firft Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and (or the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, (hall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to fell and difpofe of all or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to (uch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be willing to pur-chafe the fame, and to apply the Purchaie Money to the Purpoles of this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further ena£led, That when and fo often as any Part of the Pavement of the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, (hall be taken up for the Purport: of making, repairing, altering, clean-fing, or emptying any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending any Water-pipe or Plug, or for any other Purpole whatfoever, the Perfon or Perfons fo taking up fuch Pavement (hall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks to the Commiffioners for putting this Atft in Execution, in order that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the lnfpeftion of the faid Surveyor, and the Cnargcs and Expences thereof (hall be paid by the faid Commiffioners, and they lhall be

reim-

6 97

^7° GEORGII III. Sell. a. Cap.tf.

reimburfed the fame by the Perfon or Perfons, Companies of Waterworks, or Comtniffioners of Severs, who (ball tike up, or caule or procure to be taken up the laid Pavement or any Part or Parts thereof; and every Perlon or Perions who (hall refufe or negledt to give luch Notice of the taking up any fuch Pavement or Pavements, (hall for every luch Offence torfe t any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and levied in manner herein-after diredted.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (hall be la a fu) for the faid CommilTioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound and agree with the faid Companies or Commiluoners of Sewers, or other Perlon or Perlons refpedlively, fora certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Meafure, as the faid CommilTioners or any Five or more of them (hall think reafonahle, in lieu and in (lead of iaying down or repairing fuch Pavement as fhall be nccelfarily taken up for any of the Purpoles afore laid.

XIX.	And be it further enafbed, That in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, Companies of Water-works, or CommilTioners of Sewers refpec-tively, fhall negiecf or refufe to pay what the faid CommilTioners Ihall have fo paid and difburled, or what (hall be due upon fuch Contradl or Compolition as aforefaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof to be left by the Surveyor or Clerk or Clerks appointed or to be appointed by the faid CommilTioners, at the Dwelling-houfe or lad Place of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks of fuch Companies of Water-works, or CommilTioners of Sewers refpedlively, which Notice (hall be in Writing, and figned by the Clerk cr Clerks to the CommilTioners for putting this Adi in Execution by Order of the faid CommilTioners, or any Five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expence of fuch Repair, or Money due upon fuch Compofition, it fhall be lawful for the faid lad-mentioned CommilTioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Adtions, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, for the Recovery of fuch Sum or Sums of Money refpedlively ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons hereby diredted to give fuch Notice to the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks to the Com-miflionersfor putting this Adi in Execution as is before diredted, (hall negiedt fo to do for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after luch Pavement fhall be fo taken up, luch Perfon or Perfons fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if for the Purpofes of this Adi it (hall at any Time be found neceffary to rai(e, fink, or otherwife alter the Pofition of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by the laid Companies of Water-works, or of any of the leaden or other Pipes which (ball be laid into or from any of the faid Companies Pipes, which the faid Commifiioners or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to caufe to be done as often and in fuch Places as they fhall think proper, the fame fhall be paid for out of the Monies arifing by virtue ot this Adi, and fhall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the faid Companies and other Perfons as the Circumftances of the Cafe will admit of.

[Lee. Cf Per.]	& Q

Penalty on not giving Notice.

Commiflion-ers may contract with the Companies, &c. for the relaying fuch Pavement!.

On refufalof Payment an Action may be brought fot the Money

Commifliai-ers to pay fer altering Pipes.

XXI. And

698

Where any

ef the Water Company’s Pipes break. Notice to be given to (uch Companier.

When complete,: Notice to be gi'en to Commil"-ftoners’ Pa-viors.

If it proves thatthePipes do riot belong to the Compa y who firll opens the Ground,they ateto Repaid theirCharges by the Com-panytowhom they do belong.

47° GEORGII III. Seil'. 2. Cap. 38.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as it (hall happen that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company lhall break orburft in the laid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of them, it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor to the laid Commiffioners for the Time being, or fuch other Perlon as the laid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, lhall appoint for that Purpofe, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Paviorof the Water Company to whom he apprehends fuch Water-pipe or Pipes does or do or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water fhall or may iffue by reafon of fuch Pipe or Pipes breaking or burfting, within Two Days next after fuch Notice given to luch Pavior, or left at his lalt or uiual Place of Abode; and if upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground it lhall appear that the laid Pipe or Pipes fo broke or burft do or doth not belong to the Water Company whofe Pavior fhall have taken up fuch Pavement and opened fuch Ground, that then and in luch Cale the Surveyor or other Perlon as aforefaid lhall give immediate Notice to the Paviorof the Company to whom it fhall appear that the faid Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong, fuch Notice to be given or letc with fuch Pavior, or at his laff or ufual Place of Abode; and the Pavior of the Company to whom luch Pipe or Pipes fhall belong is hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in the Ground within Two Days after fuch Notice lhall be given or left as aforelaid, and alfo within Twelve Hours afeer fuch Pipe or Pipes lhall be repaired, and the Ground filled in, to give Notice to the Pavior or Paviors contracting with the faid CommiiTioners, or to the Surveyor or other Perfon aforefaid, of fuch Pipe or Pipes being repaired, and fuch Ground being filled in, fuch Notice to be given to fuch Contractor, Surveyor, or other Perfon, or left at his or cheirlaft or ufual Place ot Abode ; and in cafe that'the Pavior who firft receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground for the Purpofes aforefaid lhall take up luch Pavement ana open fuch Ground, and it lhall then be diicoverea that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or fhall be borll or broken, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom he is Pavior, that then and in luch Cafe the Paviorof the Company to whom fuch Pipe or Pipes do or doth belong lhall make Satisfaction to the Pavior who fo took up fuch Pavement, and opened fuch Ground for fuch Work, and in cafe the Pavior to whom luch Notice lhall be !o given to take up fuch Pavement and open luch Ground lhall neglect or retule to do the fame within the faid Two Days after Notice given, he lhall for the Firft Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and in cafe the Pavior of luch Company to whom luch Pipe or Pipes to broke or burft lhall belong lhall negledt or refufeto repair and amend the fame and fill in the Ground fo taken up for the Space of Two Days next after luch Notice given, or lhall negled to give Notice to the Pavior orPaviors contradting with the laid Commiffioners, or to (uch other Perlons as aforefaid, fuch Pavior lhall for the Firft Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if the Perfon or Perfons contradting with the laid Commiffioners to relay luch

Pavement

•	47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 38.	699

Pavement ft broke or taken up for the Rrafons aforrfaid, fhall negleft or refufe to relay fuch Pavement in a good, fufficient, and effeftual Manner, within Two Days aftrr fuch Nonce given to him as aforefaid, or if the Surveyor or other Perfon to whom fuch Notice (hall be given (ball neglect to acquaint the Contractor of fuch Notice, then and in every fuch Ca!e the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (trail for the Firft Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral and refpec- p.viorsto tive Paviors now appointed or to be appointed by the laid feveral and WaterCom-retpeftive Water Companies who lhall have any Pipe or Pipes laid in, through, or under any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places with- surveyor or 5n the Piftrift comprifed in this Adi, lha'l and they are hereby re- Clerkoftheir quired within the Space of Three Days next after the pafling this Aft, None and or within the Space of Three Days next after he fhall be appointed

Pavior to fuch Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the faid ComtT.iffioncrs, of his the laid Pavior’s Name and Place of Abode, and ro what Company he is Pavior, and in cafe any luch Pavior Or Paviors fhall negleft or refufe to give fuch Notice within the refpeftive Times aforefaio, every fuch Pavior fo offending in either of the laid Cafes fhall for the Firft Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it furtherenafled, That no Perfon or Perfons (hill NoAIteratioa mike or caufe to be made any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavement or Pavements of the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, oVh/pave™ or of anv Part thereof, without the Confent and Direftion of the faid meats with-Commiffioners or any Five or more of them, under their Hands and out Commif-Seals, upon Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence any Sum not ^°nterst-on* exceeding Five Pounds, over and above all Expences incurred or to

be incurred in reinftating the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Courfeof faid tommiffioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time Gutters to b« to direft and caufe the Courfe of any Gutter or Channel running in turned if ne-or through the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places,

them, to be turned or altered in fuch Manner as they fhall think pro- red ttC. per, ard to direft the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers to be removed and replaced in fuch Manner and at fuch Place and Places as they fhall think moft proper, all which lhall from Time to Time be done at the Expence of the faid Commiffioners, and paid for out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Aft; any Law,

Ulage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That when and as often as there When it fhall lhall be Occafion to make new and additional Grates over any Sewer De Be“ffary or Sewers within the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of GrTt«orr£ them, or to repair or alter any of the old Grates belonging to the psiroidones,

Commif.

700	47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 38.

ers of Sewers Commiflloners of Sewers, in the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or <0 p»v the any 0f them, the fame (hall be made new, repaired, or altered by and at !.,j.tnce. t|ie jrXpencc 0f the faid Commiffioners of Sewers, and the fame when fo made new, repaired, or altered, lhall be laid down in luch Places, and at fuch Diftance from each other, and in fuch Manner and Form, as (hall be directed by the Surveyor to the Commillioners for putting this Ad in Execution, at the hxpenceof the faid Commiflloners of Sewers j and in cafe the faid Commiflloners of Sewers (half neglect or refufe fo to do for the Space of Six Days next after Notice given or left with their Cleric or Clerks tor the Time being, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflloners appointed by this Act, or anv Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, to caufe fuch Grate or Grates as (hall be ne-neflary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be fo made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, the Expence whereof (hall be reimburfed and paid by the faid Commiflloners of Sewers, or recovered of them in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements is herein-before authorized to be recovered.

Sewers to be XXV!. And be ic further enabled, That when and fo often as any Commiffion- Sewer or Drain which is or (ball be under the Direction of the ersofSewers. Commiflloners of Sewers, and which lhall be fituated in or communicating with the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of them, fhall requite to be made new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, then and in every fuch Cale the Commillioners of Sewers fhall within Five Days after Notice given to or left for their Surveyor, or Clerk for the Time being, at his or either of their lalt or ufual Place of Abode, by the faid Commiflloners appointed to put this Aft: in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Perfon authorized by them to make new, effectually repair, cleanfe, or empty fuch Stwer, or Drain [as the Cafe may require] j OntheirNeg- anc* ‘n Default thereof that it fhall be lawful for the faid Commillioners tefl the fame appointed by this Aft, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor tobedoneby for the Time bting, to caule fuch Sewer or Drain to be made new, thefe Com- repaired, or altered, cleanfed, or emptied, [as the Cafe may require], im oners, Qr f0 mucl! thereof as (hall remain unfinilhed, the Charges and ind paid by Expences whereof (hall be paid by the Commiflloners for putting th Commif- this Aft in Execution, who (hall be reimburfed the fame by the Coners of Clerk or Trealurer for the Time being to the laid Commiffioners bewers. Gf Sewers; and in cafe fuch Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Commiflloners of Sewers lhall refufe or negleft to pay what lhall have been lo paid and difburfed within Ten Days next after Notice thereof (hall be lefc at the Dwelling-Houfe or lad Place of Abode of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, which Notice (hall be in Writing, and figned by the Clerk or Clerks to the Commiflloners for putting this Aft in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of fuch Charges and Expences, it (hall be lawful for the faid laft-mentioned Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion or Aftions in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, againft fuch Clerk or Trealurer of the faid Commiffioners for the Time being, for the Recovery of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall have fo expended for the Purpofes aforefaid; in which

Aftion

47* GEORGII III. Sefl. 2. Cap. 38.	701

Adion or Adions no Eflbign, jProtedion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXVII. And whereas there are in the faid Diftrid comprised in this Where p»i-A61 many private bewersaud Drains which are not ucder the Direction v2te-Se«er> of the Commillioners of Sewers, and in many Inftances it has happened that where the fame have been out of Repair the Owners of the Houles tho Owr.en conneded therewith have refufed or pegleded to repair the lame, by of Houf>» Means wnereof the adjacent Places have been inundated, rendered co netted unwholefome, and great Nuiiances have arilcn ; to remedy which in future, be it further enaded, That when and lo often as any fuch f,me private Sewer or Drain lhall require to be made new, repaired. Six Days altered, cleanfed, or emptied, or any fuch N'uifance as aforelaid Hull »/ter None®, arile, then and in every luth Cate the Owner and Owners of the Houles conneded with fuch Sewer or Drain, and from whence the Water and Soil fliall run into the fame, fhall within Six Days next af er Notice thereof in Writing to be given to or left with the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Houles refpedively by the faid Commftioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, or by the Surveyor or other Perfon authorized by them or any Five of them, make new, effedually repair, cleanle or empty fuch Sewer or Drain [as the Cafe may require,] and in Default thereof it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commillioners ap and on their poinred for putting this Ad in Execution, or any Five or more of N-g ett the them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, to caul'e fuch Sewtr or I"be Drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleanfed or emptied, coinmiVioe-[as the Cafe may require,] the Charges and Expences whereof (hall be m. paid by the faid laft-mentioned Commillioners, who lhall be rcimburfed the fame by the Owner and Owners of the Houfes conneded with fuch Sewer or Diain as aforefaid, in proportion to the Rent of fuch Houles repedivelyj and in cafe the faid Charges and F.xprnces fhall not be repaid and reimburled to the laid Commillioners by the faid Owner and Owners of fuch Houfes refpedively within Ten Days next after Notice thereof lhall be given to or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place of Abode, which Notice lhall be in Writing, and figned by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commillioners for putting this Ad in Execution, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of fuch Charges and Expences, and the Proportion thereof to be paid by fuch Owner and Owners refpedively, and which Proportion the faid Commiffioners appointed for the Purpofes of this Ad, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to adjult and lettle, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the laid laft-mentioned Commillioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to bring or caufe to be brought any Adion or Adions in any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, or in the Court of Requefts lor the Tower Hamlets, or other Diftrid wherein the Owner or Owners of fuch Houles rtlpedively lhall refide, in the Name of their Clerk, or Clerks for the Time being, againll every fuch Owner and Owners who lhall refufe or ntgled to pay his or her Proportion of the laid Charges and Expences for Recovery of the fame, in which Adion or Adions no Efloign, Protedion, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance lhali be allowed,

[L»c. fjf Ftt.]	8 P

XXVIII. And

702

Penalty for laying Aftier, &c. in the Streets.

For orevent-ing Annoyances, and to make fale of Articles te-moved if of a periflnble Nature in Six Hours, if othetwife in Five Days,

or damaging or bre king any cf the Flag Stoues.

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.38.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons whomsoever lhall throw, call, or lay, or caufe or permit or luffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Athes, Dull, Dirt, Soil, or other Filth whatfoever, before any Uwelling-houfe, Shop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in any of the Streets, Lancs, Alleys, Paffages, or Places within the Diftridt comprifed in this Aft, but (hall keep or caule the iame to be kept in their relpedfive Houles or Yards, until luch Time as the Perfon or Perfons contracted with or employed to carry away luch Afhts, Dult, Dirt, Filth, or Soil do come by or near their Houfes, Doors, or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniences for carrying away the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting for the Firff Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings ; for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings! and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIX.	And be it further enadted, That if any Perfons or Perfons fhall at any Time hereafter drive or place or caule to be driven or placed in anv of the Carriage-ways within the laid Diftridt any Dray, Waggon, or Cart, with or without Horfes, and caufe or permit or fuffer the lame Dray, Waggon, or Cart, to ftand or remain in any of the faid Streets, Lanes, or other Places, for any longer Time than fhall be nccefiary, without I'ufficient Caufe for the loading or unloading thereof, or fhall caufe or permit or fuffer any Scage Coach, Poft Coach, Poll Chiife, or other Carriage let co Hire, except Hackney Coaches authorized to ftand in any of the faid Streets, Squares, oi Places by the CommilTioners of Hackney Coaches, to ftand or remain in any of the faid Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the faid Diftrich, for any longer Time than (hail be neccfTary, without lufficient Caule, or for taking up and fetting down Paffengers, or for ioading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading, or fhall place, or caufe, pc-mit, or fuffer any Horfe to ftand at the Door of the Houfe of any Perfon fo as to obftrudt or incommode the Paffage of any of the faid Footways; or fhall lay or place, or caufe to be laid or placed, any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods, or other Things, and fuffer the fame to remain in any of the faid Screets, Lanes, or other Places, for any longer Time than fhall be neceffary for removing or houfing the fame, or for repairing of any Houle or Building [as the Caje may happen to be\, or fhall put or place, or permit or luffer to remain in any of the faid Streets, Lanes, or other Places, or Pavements or Footways thereof, any Bafkets, Barrows, Stands, or other Things to the Interruption of any fuch F'ootways, Pavements, or Carriage-wavs; or fhall put or place, or leave or fuffer to remain any Meat, Filh, or Vegetables, to the Annoyance of any Paffengers, or Interruption of any Footways, Pavements, or Carriage-ways in the faid Streets, or at the Door of any Publick Houfe; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall run, drive, draw, or caufe to be run, driven, or drawn on any Part of the Foot Pavement of the laid Streets or Lanes, or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatfoever, it fhall be lawful for the Beadle, or Street-keeper to the faid Commiffioners, or any other Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to ieize any fuch Waggon or Cart, Stage Coach,

Poft

47° GEORGIf III. Seff. 2. dap* 38.	703

Poft Coach, Port Chaife, or other Carriage let on Hire, except as aforefaid, together with the Horfe or Horfes, if any fhall be thereunto belonging, and foch Horfe fo Handing at the Door of any Perfon to the Ofiftruclinn of the Paffage of any of the faid Footways,. Timber,

Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods, Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage whatfoever, and other Things as aforefaid, and catifc the fame to be removed to fome convenient Place or Places to be appointed by the faid CommifTioners, or any Five or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted fhall have paid and dilchargeii all Coils,

Charges, and Hxpentes attending the carrying away, depofiting, and keeping the fame as aforefaid, and alio a Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each fuch Offence, and in cafe the fame fhall not be claimed, and the faid Penalty and Charges pai.i within the Space of Six Hours, if Fifh, Meat, Vegetables, or other Articles of a perifliable Nature, and becoming decayed or (linking, or likely fo to be, and within ihe Space ot Five Days if not perifhable, or of luch Delcription as aforefaid, next after fuch Seizure and Removal thereof, then it fhall and may be lawful for the faid CommifTioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the fame to be apprailed and fold, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by tuch Sale fhall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on Dem?nd, after deducing the laid Penalty and Colts, Charges, and Expences attending fuch Seizure, removing, appraifing, and felling the lame.

XXX Provided always, ar.d be it further enaded, That it fhall be Hoards, &e. lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to ered or fet up, or caufe to be building6 erected or fet up, in the faid Streets or Lancs, any Inclofure, Polls, or repairing Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purpofe of making wiih Leave. Mortar and depofiting Bricks, Lime, or other Materials for building or n-pairing any Houles, Buildings, or other Works, every fuch Perfon or Perfons firlt obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the faid Commifiioners for thofe Purpofes refpedivrly, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to give by their Permifilon ; buc if any Perlon or Perfons (hall ered and let up or caufe to be ereded and fet up any fuch Inclofures,

Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thing for the Purpole aforelaid, without fuch Leave firlt had and obtained, or fhall permit any Inclofures, Pcfts, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Thins* which (hall have been ereded or fet up with fuch Leave as aforefaid! to remain and continue longer than the l ime originally allowed by the faid Surveyor, or Clerk or Clerks, for that Purpofe, every fuch Perfon fhall tor every foch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings tor every Hour fuch Inclofure, Matter, or Thing as aforefaid (hall remain and continue.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons PerConamak-fhall at any Time or Times hereafter make any Alteration in the Width inS any Al-of any of the Foot Pavements of the Streets, Lancs, or Places, by [,erat,on ln, pulling down and rebuilcing or altering any Houfe or Houles, or BuildTn^.'^ otherwtfe, luch Perfon or Pcrlons fo making fuch Alteration as aforefaid, to make the fhall make good or new pave the Place or Places fo altered [at the Cafe fe®egood. may require] at his, her, and their own Charges and Expence, and

704	47°	GEORG	11 III. Sefl.2. Cap. 38.

to the Satisfaflion of the Surveyor to the faid Commiffinners, within the Space of Three Days next after Notice to be given to him, her, or them for that Purpofe by the Surveyor to the faid Commiflioners for the Time being; and in Default thereof the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor for the Time b og, (hall a id they are hereby authorized and required to caufe fuch PI ce or Places fo altered to be made good or new paved [ns the Cafe Jhall require], the Charges and Expences whereof fhall be paid by the faid Com-rniffioners, who fhall be reimburfed the fame by the I'erfon or Perfons making fuch Default; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons trail negleft or refufe to pav what fbill have been fo paid and difburfed within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing figned by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of fuch Charges and Expences, fhall be left ar the Uwelhng-houfr or laft or ufua! Place of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid CommilTioners, or any Five or tnoie of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Adlion or Adbons in the Name of them, their Clerk or Clerks tor'the Time being, againff fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Recovery of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall have fo expended for the Purpofes aforefaid, in which Action no EfToign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fh ill be allowed.

hocTo^eVeft XXXII. And whereas the Holes, Tunnels, Trap Doors, or Cellar

open.	Flaps,	made	in	the Pavement of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and

other Places within the faid Diftrift, for the Porpole of potting down Coals, Calks, and other Things in the Vaults beneath, are often left open and infecure by reafon whereof many Accidents happen; be it therefore enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons whomlbever fhall leave open any luch Hole, Tunnel, Trap Door, nr Cellar Flap, (fave and except during fuch Time as any Coals, Wood, Cafk=, or other Things fhall be putting down or taking out of the fame, or during fuch Time as the fame fhall be altering, repairing, or amending,) or fhall not fafely fecure and cover up the fame, the Owner or Occupier of the Premifes to which fuch Hole, Tunnel, Trap Door, or Cellar Flap (hall belong, fhall for every fuch Offence, on being duly convidled thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

■«««« XXXIII. And be it further enafled, That the Commiflioners ap-po nVdYear- pointed for putting this Adb into Execution, or any Five or more of ly, and his	them, fhall Yearly and every Year, in the Month of June, nominate

Duty.	and appoint One or more Perfon or Perfons to be a Scavenger or

Scavengers, Cleanfer or Cleanfers of the Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the faid Diftridt comprifed in this AdV, and fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall Twice in every Week bring or caufe to be brought convenient Carts into all the laid Street', Lanes, Alleys, and other open Paffages and Places where fuch Carts can pafs, and at or before their Approach, by Bell, Horn, or Clapper, or otherwife by a loud Noife or Cry, (hall give Notice to the Inhabitants of their coming, and give the like Notice in every other of the faid Places into which the faid Carts cannot pafs, and the faid Scavenger or Scavengers Penalty on fhall carry away gratis, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding their negleft Twenty Shillings for every fuch Neglett, exceDt all fuch Rubbilh, ofDutjr-	*	Earth,

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 38.

Earth, Duff, Dirt, Filth, and Soil, as fhall be occafioned by building, repairing, or altering any Houfe or Houfes, or any other Buildings, which faid Rubbilh, Earth, Duff, and Soil thereby occafioned, (hall within the Space of Five Days after fuch building, repairing, or Alteration is finilhed, be carried away by the refpedtive Owners or Occupiers of fuch Houfe? or Buddings refpedtively as aforefaid, or by fome Perfon or Perrons to be by them emploved, upon Pain of forfeiting or prying any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every fuch Negledt; and the faid CommilTioners, or any Five or more of them, fhall and may, out of the Monies ariftng by virtue of this Ad!, make fuch Allowance to the faid Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Petfon or Perfons affifling in the clean-ftng of the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, as to fuch Coni-miffioners fhall appear reafonable.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That the Perfon or Perfons fo contracted with for cleanfing the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, fhall fweep, cleanfe, and carry away, or caufe to be fwept, cleanfed, and carried away, the Dirt and Soil in and out of all the Street*, Lanes, and other publick Places, within the faid Diftridt compriled in this Adt, Twice in every Week, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Negledt therein.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons inhabiting within the faid Places fhall from and after the pafBng of this Adt fweep and cleanfe or caufe to be fwept and cleanfed the Foot-paths before their refpedtive Houfes, Building'*, and Waifs, Once in every Day, between the Hours of Six and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon (Sundays excepted), upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every fuch Negledt therein.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (other than the Perfon or Perfons contradting with the laid Commiflioners, or thofe employed under fuch Conrradtor) fhall on any Pretence whatlb-ever go about to collcdt or gather, receive, or carry away any Duft, Dirt, Cinders, or Afhes, from any Houfe or other Premifes in any Street, Square, Lane, Alley, or Place under the Management of the faid Com-miflioners, it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fee fuch Offence committed to leize, and alfo for any ether Perfon or Perfons to aflift in feizing the Offender, and by Authority of this Adt, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or her before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Middlesex, and fuch Juftice fhall examine upon Oath the Perfon or Perfons apprehending luch Offender, or any Witnefs or Witneffes who fhall appear to give Information touching fuch Offence, and if the Party fhall be convidted, he, fhe, or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, One Moiety 01 fuch Penalty fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall apprehend the Offender, and the other Moiety fhall be paid to the faid Commif-fioners, and if fuel. Offender fhall not immediately upon fuch Convidtioa pay the laid Penalty, the faid Juftice is hereby authorized and required to commit hnn or her to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredtion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twenty Days, unlets luch Penalty be fooner paid : Provided always, that nothing ia this Adt contained fhall extend to prevent or hinder the Owners of fuch

CW*r.]	"	8	£	-	-	- Duft>

70$

and of Owners not removing the Rubbiih, &c. occafioned by Building.

Allowance to be made to Scavenger.

Streets, &c. to be fwept Twice a Week.

Foot Pavements to be fwept every Day except Sundayi.

For prevenM

ing Alhes, &c. being taken away but by Con-traders.

^o6	47°GEORGII	III.	Sell.	2,	Cap.	38.

Duft, Dirt, -Cinders, and Arties, to cariy away the fame for their oivn Ufe, but not otherwife.

IfCor.tr&ftor neglefl to take away

Duft, &c. for Foui teen Days, any othe' Perfon to be at liberty to take it.

Penalty on carrying away Slop, &c. other than in coveted Carts,

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That in cafe luch Perlon or Perfons lo contracted with or employed by the laid Commif-fioners for the Purpofes aforefaid, fliall negledl for the Space of Fourteen Days to bring or caufe to be brought Carts into all the Squares, Streets, and other Flares as aforefaid where fuch Carts can pafs, and give Notice in Manner aforefaid to the Inhabitants of their coming for the Purpofe of taking away fuch Dud, Dirt, Filth, Cinders, or Afhes, and give the like Notice in every Place where the faid Carts cannot pafs, that then it fliall be lawful for the Inhabitants of the laid Squares, Streets, and other Places to give away or fell their Duft, Dirt, Cinders, or Afhes, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not be fubjedl or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for fo doing, until fome other Perfon (hall be appointed to coiledt fuch Duft, Dirt, Cinders, or Afhes, or until a new Contradl fhall be entered into for that Purpofe j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXVIII,	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall drive or caufe to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap-Lees, Filth, or Channel Dirt o: Mire therein, through or in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other publick Paflages or Places, within the Limits of the faid Two fcveral recited Adis and of this Adi, without fuch Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering or Boards called flajh Beards, to prevent the fame from flopping or fpilling in any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other Places, or fhall fill any fuch covered Cart or other Carriage fo as to run over or call any Soap-Lees, Slop, Mire, or Channel-Dirt or Filth, in or upon any of the faid Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other Places, it fliall and may be lawful for any Pcr-lon or Perfons whatfoever to feize and apprehend and aflift in feizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Adi, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or them before fome Juf-tice of the Peace for the faid County, which Juftice is hereby authorized and required to hear Evidence, and determine upon fuch Offence; and every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings: Provided always, that in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending cannot be apprehended then the Owner or Owners of fuch Cart or Carriage in which fuch Soap Lees, Slop, Filth, Mire, or Channel-Dirt, fhall be put or placed, fliall be liable to and fhall forfeit and pay fuch Penalty as aforefaid.

Commiffion- XXXIX. And be it further enafled, That the faid Commiflioners, or ers lo order any Five or more of them, fhall and may yearly and every Year order, the Number diredt, and appoint what N umber and Sort of Lamps fliall be eredted and and Sort of fet Up wjthm the laid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, and may e appoint or contrail with any Perfon or Perfons for fuch Lamps (or find and provide the fame themfelves, as they fliall tnink fit), and alfo for the andthe num- fighting, cleanfing, fupplying, maintaining, and repairing fuch Lamps, terolWaich- and aif0 jn like Manner appoint what Number of Watchmen, Strcet-kwp^Be'a’. kcePers> and Beadles they fta11 Hgc neceffary or proper to be kept in the • dle»7*c. faid Diftridt comprifed in this Adi, for each Year, and nominate and ap-ppint fuch honeft and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as

they

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 38.	W

they (hall think beft qualified for tlie fame; and (hall likewife direct and appoint in Writing how and where the fame Lamps (hall be placed, at what Time, and how long the faid Lamps (hall be and continue lighted ; and alfo where the feveral Watchmen (hall be Rationed, and in what Manner and how often they (hall go their Rounds, how long they (hall continue upon Du.y, and what Sum or Sums of Money (hall be paid to the Ptrfon or Perfons appointed or contrafted with to light, maintain, and repair the faid Lamps, and what Wages (hall be allowed to fucli Watchmen, Street-keeper or Street keepers, and Beadle or Beadles, for tneir Attendance ; and alfo (hall order and direct what Number of Headboroughs ant» cf Head-Ihall attend every Night, and when the Conftable or Conftables (hall at- boraughs.&c. tend, and at what Place or Places within the faid Diftridt, and (hall or may alfo hire, ereft, or maintain any proper Place or Places within the Limits aforefaid, for the Reception of the faid Conftables, Headboroughs,

Beadles, and Watchmen, and (hall make all fuch Orders and Regulations in Writing as the Nature of each particular Service (hall appear to them or any Five or more of them to require.

XL. And be it further enafled, That from and after the pafting of Cor.ftaMe?, this Ad the faid Conftable or Headborough, Conftables or Headboroughs, Watchmen, or their fufficient Deputy or Deputies, to be approved of as aforefaid, *c-their lhall attend every Night by 1'urns, and they and the faid Watchmen and ut5,‘ Beadles (hall keep Watch and Ward within the faid Places for fuch re. fpedive Times, and in fuch Manner as (hall be from Time tcfTime appointed by the faid Commiftioners, or any Five or more of them, and (hall in their rcfpedive Turns and Courfes of Watching ufe their beft Endeavours to prevent all Mifchiefs happening by Fires, and all Murders,

Burglaries, Robberies, Breaches of the King’s Peace, and all other Out- Watchmen rages and Dilorders, and to that End lhall and they are hereby jointly and t0 apprehend feverally authorized and required to arreft, apprehend, and detain in their Mal'*a,i'ors* Watch-houfe or Watch-houfes, or other convenient Place of Security, all Malefactors, Difturbers of the King’s Peace, and all fufpeCted Perfons who (hall be found wandering or milbehaving themfelves, and (hall as foon as conveniently may be carry all fuch Malefafiors, Difturbers of the King’s « Peace, and all fufpefted Perfons before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, to be examined and dealt with according to Law, and which faid Conftable or Headborough, Conftables or Headboroughs, or Deputy or Deputies, lhall, Twice or oftenerat convenient Times in every Night, go about the faid DiftriCls and Places, and take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their feveral Stations according to fuch Orders and Regulations as (hall be made for that Purpofe by the laid Commiftioners or any Five or more of them, and in cafe any Watchman (hall mifbchave ^b/fufjend* himfelf, orneglcdt his Duty, the faid Conftable or Conftables, Headbo- ed,&c/ rough or Headboroughs, Deputy or Deputies, (hall as foon as conveniently may be give Notice thereof to Two or more of the faid Cnmmiftioners tor theTime being, whoare hereby authorized to fufpendfuchWatchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Perfon to officiate therein* until the next Meeting of the faid Commiftioners, when the faid Commif-fioners or One of them, who (hall have fo fufpended fuch Watcnman, (hall acquaint the other Commiftioners aflcmblcd at fuch Meeting, with the Complaint againft fuch Watchman, in order for the faid Commiftioners

to

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 38.

to proceed to the Ex imir.ation of the Offence, and fuch Watchman fliall befiibjedl and liable to a Pen. lry of any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for each Negledt or Mifbehaviogy, and (hall and may be dilcharged from the Execution of his Office if the laid Commidioners fo affembled or any Five or more of them Hull think proper.

XI.I. And be it further enadled, That if the (aid Ccnftable or Con-flables, Headborough or Head boroughs. Beadle or Beadles, and other Pcrfons, or any of them, {hall wilfully neglect to attend in their Turn to keep Watch and Ward, or (hall not come to keep. Watch and Ward in Manner and during the Times which fliall be appointed by the faid Coin-miffioners for their Attendance thereon, or fliall depart from or leave keeping Watch and Ward during their relpedtive Hours to be appointed by the faid Commilfioners as aforefaid, for keeping the fame, or lhall otherwife negledt their Duty, or mifbehave themldves, the Perfon To offending fhall refpedtively forfeit and pay for every fuch Negledt or Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enadted, That the faid Commilfioners or any Five or more of them may order and diredl the Houfcs within the faid the^Corner0" Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places, or any of them, to be numbered with Houfea. Figures, placed or painted on the Doots thereof, or on fuch other Part of the faid Houfes refpedtively as they the laid Commilfioners, or any Five or more of them, fliall think proper; and may alfo diredt and order to be engraved, painted, or otherwife deferibed on a confpicuous Part of fome Houfe or other Building, at or near the Find or Corner of each Street, Lane, Alley, or Place within the faid Diftridt comprifed in this Adi refpedtively, the Names by which (uch refpedtivc Street, Lane, Alley, or Place fo adjoining, is ufually or properly called or known j and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall wilfully or malicioufly deftroy, injure, ob-literate or deface any fuch Number, Figure, Name, or Defcription, or any Part thereof, or caufe or procure the fame to be done, and lhall be convidted thereof by his or their own Confcffnn, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wicneffes before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace adling in or for the County or Place where fuch Offence fliall be committed, every fuch Perfon fo offending fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Signs, &c. to	XLIII. And be it further enadled, That from and after the palling of

be regulated, this Adt the faid Comniifftoners, or any Five or more of them, fliall c^ufe all Signs which then or at any Time after lhall be placed or hung in any Part of the laid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of fuch Houfes refpedtively whereto they lhall belong; and fliall and may alfo caufe all Sign-irons, Polls, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houfes, or other Things occafioning any Obltrudtion or Annoyance in the faid Streets, to be removed or altered in fuch Manner as the laid Commilfioners, or any Five or more of them, fhall think molt proper and convenient; and that for the future all Signs, Boards, Spouts, or Gutters lhall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, or Buildings, whereunto they refpectively belong, and not otherwife ; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign-poll, or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or caufe the fame to be done in any other Manner than as aforefaid, or (hall in any

Manner

708

Pcnaby on Beadles, he. negle&ing Duiy.

Natnes of Streets, Sec.

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.tf*	7°9

Manner occafion any Encroachment or Annoyance m the faid Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, or Places, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIV. And whereas the faid Streets, Lanes, Alley*, and Places, Steps, Ac. are in fome Parts thereof greatly obftructed and made dangerous to Foot F°P®l“8'od PalTengers by Steps being brought out from Houles, Steps and Doors ^T0°ei ' going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Show-Glafies, Show-Boards, or other Matters or Things projecting from Houfes or Shops over and beyond the Area belonging to fuch Houfes, or into the Footways; be it therefore enacted, That from and af'er the pafTing of this Act, all fuch Steps projecting into the Footways cf the laid Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, and Places, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, belonging to any Houle, Shop, Warehoufe, or Tenement, as likewife all Show-Glafies or Show-Boards projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Footways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or Thing, belonging to any Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which door fhall caufe or occafion any Nuifance, Annoyance, Encroachment, or Obftruc-tion in the faid Street-, Lanes, Alievs, and Places, or any of them (eh her in the Foot or Carriage-way thereof) fhall be at the Expence of the faid Commiflioners from Time to Time removed, fixed, placed, or afered in fuch Manner and Form as fhall be approved of by the faid Commif-fioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, by their Direction.

JLV, And, for defraying the Charges and Expences ef paving and Rates, repairing the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places or any of them, and of deanfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and for preventing Annoyances and Encroachments therein, and for other the Purpofes of this Act, be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Act One or more Rate or Rates, Afiefiment or Afieffments, fhall be made, laid, and aflefied by the faid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them. Four Times in every Year, of and upon all and every Perfon or Perfons who do or fhall inhabit, hold, or occupy any Land, Houfe, Shop, Stable,

Warehoufe, Wharf, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the faid Streets, Lanes, and Places refpectively, within the faid Diftrict comprifed in this Acr, and in fuch competent Sum and Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them fhall then order and direct.

XLVI. And whereas divers Houfes, Tenements, and Hereditaments Better Reco» within the faid Diftrict comprifed in this Act, are let at fmall Rents, orto vefv ofRaIe’ Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or feparate Apartments, or let ready furnilhed, and the Collection of the Rates made Rents or to under the laid former Acts from fuch Houles, Tenements, and Heredita- Weekly or ments is attended with much Difficulty, and the Payment of the fame has Monthly Te» frequently been evaded, fo that much Lofs has on that Account been fuf- or tained by the faid Diftrict; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That where 0“£a“ the Yearly Rent or Value of any fuch Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament fhall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or where the Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments (hall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or at Rents which fhall become payable, and be collected at any fhorter Period than Lot. fj Per.]	8	R	Quarterly,

7io

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 38.

Quarterly, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of them, if they (hill think proper, to compound with the Land-land or Landlords, Owner or Owners of ail and every or any fuch Houle or Houfes, Tenement or Tenements and Hereditaments in the faid Dif-trict comprifed in this Act for Payment of the Rate or Rates, Afleffmenr or Afleffments to be made bv virtue of this Act, at iuch reduced Yearly Rental as the faid Comratffioners (hall think reafonable, to that fuch Houles, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not rated at lefs than Two Thirds of the Rack Rent at which the fame (hall then be let, or of the Annual Value of the faid Premiles respectively-, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of fuch Koufes, Tenements, or Hereditaments as (hall not exceed the Yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds, and of fuch as (hail be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or from whence the Rents (hall become due and be collected at any (hotter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby enabled to enter into the faid Compofition with the faid Commifiioners j and in cafe fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, (hall reful'c or object to enter into fuch Compofition with the laid Commifiioners, fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners (hall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Premifes, and (hall thereupon be rated and affeffed to, end from Time to Time (hill pay or caufe to be paid, the feveral Rates or Affcff. menrs charged upon the refpeftive Premifes hy virtue of this Aft, unto the Collector or Collectors for the Time being of the faid Rates to be made for the Purpofes of this Act, who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collect the fame, and upon Non-payment thereof to levy the fame by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the refpective Premifes aforefaid wherefoever they lhall be found, or of the Perfon or Perlons inhabiting the fame refpectively, in bke Manner as any Rate or Affeff-ment may be raifed, levied, and collected, by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no fuch Landlord or Owner (hall be. charged with or liable to pay for any increafed Rent referved or made payable to him for or en account of fuch Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay th; l'eve-ral Rates or Afleffments heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier; and where any Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament (hall be let out in Lodgings, or feparate Apartments, or ready-furnifhed, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of all fuch Premifes (ball be deemed and taken to be the Occupiers thereof, and fhall be rated to and pay the Rates or Afleffments, in relpect of all fuch Houfes, Tenements, and Hereditaments made or to be made in purfuance of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That the Goods and Chattels of each and every Perfon renting and occupying any feparate Part or Apatt-ment of or in any Houfe or Building, and the Goods and Chattels in every Houfe and Building let ready-furnifhed, (though not affefled under or by virtue of the faid Two feveral recited Acts, or this Act, or any or either of them) (hall, after fuch Demand as is herein-after directed to be made, be liable to be diftrained and fold by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of His Majelly’s Juflices of the Peace fur the County of Middlejex, (which Warrant every fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby directed to ifiue) for Payment of the faid Rates or Affeflmems which ac-crued and became due during the Term of his, her, or their Occupancy only, and all reafonable Cofts, Charges, and Sixpences attending thereupon f

Rates to be repaid by Landlords to Tenants.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. $8.	7**

upon; and that each and every Perfon who (hall pay any fuch Rates or Aflfffments as ought to have been paid by his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whofe Goods or Chattels the fame (hall be levied in purfuance of this Act, (hall and may deduct the fame and all Cods and Charges attending any fuch Diftrefs and Sale from and out of the Rent due and payable, or to become due and payable to his. Her, or their Landlord or Landlords fo letting out the lame, unlefs there dull be fome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant; and the Receipt and Receipts for fuch Payment fhali be a (efficient Difcharge to every fuch Perfon for fo much Moneyas he, fhe, or they fhali have fo paid, or which fhali have been fo levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels in purfuance of this Act, and fhali be allowed by fuch Landlord or Landlords of fuch Houfes or Buildings in Part or full Payment [as the Cafe may be,~\ for the Rent due or to grew due to him, her, or them from fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid.

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in Default cr Failure of Premifes to Payment of the Rate or Rates, Afieffment or Afleffments, or of the Arrears fo remaining due and unpaid, or any Part thereof as aforelaid, the L,‘" s“' fame (hall be and remain a Charge upon the Premifes in refpect whereof the fame (hall be fo rated or afiefled, and (hall and may, after Fourteen Days Notice left upon the Premifes, be fued for and recovered of and from fuch Owners, Leafeholder or Leafeholders, or Landlord or Landlords, relpeftively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at fVefiminJler, or in the Court of Requefts for the ‘Tower Hamlets within the County of Middlefcx, or in any other Court of Requefts within the Jurifdiction of which any (uch Landlord,

Leakholder, or Owner (hail refide refpectively, to be commenced and profecuted in the Name of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the faid Commiflioners, in tv.iich Action no Protection, Efloign, or Wage^of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and if the Plairitiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any fuch Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, he or they (hall have full Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgement are now by Law levied and recovered.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Perfon (hall re- Forappor-move out of or from, or quit Poffeflion of, any Houfe, Building, Tene- Zoning Rate* ment. Ground, or Hereditament within the (aid Parifh, before any Rate or Afieffment charged thereon, or to be made by virtue of this Act, or if any Perfon (hall enter into the Occupation of any Houfe, Building,

Tenement, Ground, or other Hereditament, out of or from which any ether Perfon (hall have fo removed, before Payment of any fuch Rate or Aflcllment, or which at the Time of rating or affefling the fame (hall be empty or unoccupied, then the Perfon fo removing out of ordfom, or quitting the Poffefiion, and the Perfon entering into the Occupation of any fuch Houfe, Building, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, (hall be * refpectively liable to the Payment of every Rate or AlTeflhnient in Proportion to the Time fuch Perfon or Perfons pofltfied or occupied the fame refpectively, in like Manner as if the Perfon orPerfons fo removingor quitting as atorefaid had remained in the Poffeflion and Occupation of fuch Houfe, Building, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, or the Perfon or Perfons fo entering into the Occupation thereof had been originally rated or affefled, which Proportion, in cafe of Dilpute, (hall be alcertained by

any

71 8

In Cafes whereHoulej are taken down Com-miflioners may rate and aflefs the Ground.

Un ten anted Houfes to be rated.

Dead Wall! and void Spaces of Ground may be tated.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.28.

any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of Middlefex.

L. And be it further enabled, That where any Houfe, Shop, Ware-houfe, or other Building whatfoevcr hath been, or ac any Time or Times after the palling of this Aft, Hull be taken down, altered, or removed for the Purpole of making any Alteration or Improvement therein or thereto, it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, to rate and afTefs the Ground on which the laid Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, or Buildings refpeftively did Hand, or final! have Hood, if no Building (hall be erected in lieu thereof: and all Wails, Houfes, Offices, Warehoufes, and other Building whatfosver refpeftively, which have been or (hall be erefted and built in the Room or Stead of fuch Houfes, Shop, Warehoufe, or other Building whatfoevcr, or on the Ground whereon the fame refpeftively did ftand, or the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof refpeftively, in l’uch Sum and Sums of Money at the lead as the Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, or other Buildings reipeftively fo taken down, altered, or removed, were or was rated or affeffed before the fame were or was fo taken down, altered, or removed; and the Sum or Sums of Money fo rated and allefled (hall be paid and payable, and (hall be raifed, levitd, and collected in fuch and the lame Manner as is herein-before directed, as to the faid other Rates orAfielfmems hereby directed to be made for the Purpofes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted. That if it (hall happen that any of the Lands, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places refpecuvcjy comprifed in this Act, (hall at the: Time of making any of the, faid Rates or Afleffrnents, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, then and in every fuch Cafe i: (hall be lawful for the,faid Commiflioners or any F.ve or more of them to rate and alibis the faid Premifes, and in fuch Calc, as well as in cale the faid Pre-mifes (hall after the making of thefaid Rate or Rates, Allcffmentor Al-feffenen'ts become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, One Half of fuch Rate or Afllflincnt lhall be a Charge on fuch Premiles rtfpectively, and be paid by the firft Tenant or Occupier thereof, who fliall and may and is and are hereby authoriled to deduct and retain the fan e out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of fuch Premifes, is and are hereby required to allow fuch Deduction and Abatement, upon Receipt of the Refidue of his, her, or their refpective Rents, and the Tenant or Occupier lhall be and is hereby acquitted and dilcharged of and from fo much of his or her Rent as the Rate or Afieflment fo to be paid by him or her fliall amount unto.

LII. And be it further enacted. That it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required at fuch Times as the Rates hereby directed lhall be made, to rate all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to thefaid Streets, Lanes, and other Places, (fave and except fuch dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground as herein-before mentioned), at fuch Rateas the faid Conimiflion-ers or any Five or more of them lhall judge reafonable, for every fquare Yard of fuch dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of Six-pence per Yard.

LIII. And

4.70 GEORG 11 III. Sefl. 2. Cap. 38.	713

LI 11. And be further enaded, That all Rates made by virtue of ^alC! '°,be this Aft ihall be allowed and figned by Two Juftices of the Peace *oja!tice«. ading in and f.-r the laid County or Place, who are alio hereby authorized and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for colleding and levying the fame-, and the Paid Rates, after the lame flv.ll be lo allowed and figned oy the Paid Juftices, fhall be collcded Quarterly bv fuch Perfon and Perfuns as ftiall be appointed in purfuance of this Ad to colled: the Rates and Afieflments hereby authorized to be made, laid, or aflefied ; and if anv Perfon or Perfuns fhall refufe, negled, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, fhe, or they ftiall be rated and aflefted in purfuance of this Aft, or in cafe any Sum or Sums of Money now is, are, or fhall at any Time or Times hereafter be in Arrcar or unpaid to any former or preceedmg Collector or Collectors, from any Perfon or Perfons, for, in refped, or on account of any Kate or Aflefifment made, laid, or aftefied in purfuance of the Paid former Ads, or to be made, laid, or aflefted by virtue of this Ad, and the fame Ihall not be paid to the Colledor or Coiledors for the Time being of the faid Rates or Afieflments, within the Space of Ten Days after a perfona) Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the laft Place of Abode or Occupation of fhe Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or neglecting to pay, or being in Arrear as alorcfatd, then and in every or any l’uch Cafe or Cafes it ftiall be lawful for the faid Colledor or Coiledors for the Time being from Time to Time, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to levy the Sum or Sums fo in Arrear or unpaid after fuch Demand made as aforefaid, by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or negleding to pay the fame.

LIV. And be further enaded, That when any Perfon or Perfons Occupiers who have or hath been rated and aflefted by virtue of this Act fhall removing quit his. her, or their Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Shop, J1”)'be lo1* Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon fuch Rate or Aflcffment has io,ved‘ been made, before he, fhe, or they Ihall have paid the fame, and (hall afterwards refufe to pay the fame when- due and demanded by the Perfon or Perfons authorized and appointed to colled the fame, that then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Colledor or Coiledors and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Juftices of the Peace ading in and for the laid County or Place, which Warrant the laid Juftices are hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into any Place within their refpedive Jurifdidions, or out of the Limits thereof, luch Warrant being firft backed or counterfigned by fome Magiftrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Diftrefs is to be made, to diftrain the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or negleding, and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus, (it any fuch fhall be) after deduding the reafonatile Charges and Expencts of fuch Diftrels and Sale, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

.LV. Provided [always, and be it further enaded. That nothing Agreement in this Ad contained ftiall be deemed or taken to make void any het“«n Contrad, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant L,3ndlordand touching or concerning the paving, lighting, or cleanfing the laid Streets, Paving'

[Lee. fc? Per.']

8£

Lanes>

7H

for appointing Special Collectors.

For appointing Collector*.

47° GEGRGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 38.

Lanes, Alleys, and Places, or any Pait of them, or either of them, but that every Perfon who is now by virtue of any fuch Contract or Agreement obliged to pave, keep in Repair, clernle, or light any Part of the laid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Places, or any of them, fhall in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and alieflcd, or lo much thereof as fhall be by the laid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, deemed juft and re.ifonable according to the true Meaning of fuch Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during furh Time as fuch Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, fhall remain in force; and in cafe any Difpute fhall anfe concerning fuch ContraCt Covenant, or Agreement, the laid Commilfioncrs, or any Five or more of them, fhall have Power and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the fame.

LVI. And, in order that the Rates made and to be made for the Purpofes of this Ad, or for the Purpoies of the faid Two fcveral recited ACls, may be the better and more effectually collected, be ic further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Time being appointed for the Purpofcs of this ACt, or any Five or more cf ihcm, duly aflembled, ar.d they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, by fome Writing under their refpeCt ve Hands and Seals, annually or othenvile to appoint One or more Perf .n or Perlons being a Houleh. ldcr or Householders, and refident in the Diftrict comprifed in this r\ft, to be the Collector of all or any of the Rates made and to be made for the Purp fes of and by virtue of this Aft, and from Time to Time to remove fuch Perfon or Perfons (notwithftanding the l ime or Times for which he or they fhall have been appointed a Colleftor or Colleftors may not then be txpired) and appoint another Perlon or Perfons in his or their Place or Stead, and out of fuch Rate or Rates fo to be collected as aforclaid to make fuch Allowance to fuch Colleftor or Colleftors for his and their Trouble in collecting the fame, cither by a Salaty or Poundage, as the faid Commiffioners for the Time being or the major Part of them fhall think proper; and the Demands made by any fuch Colleftor or Collectors fo to be appointed as aforclaid, of all or any Part or Parts of tuih Rates as lalt aforelaid, fhall be deemed and confidcred as legal Demands, in the fame Manner as if the lame were made by the Collectors appointed by virtue of the faid Two feveral recited Afts for the Time being.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if no fuch fpecial Collector or Colleftors fhall be appointed as aforefaid, the faid Commilfioners or any Five or more of them, and fuch of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parilh of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlefex, ashav“e a Right to meet for the Choice of Annual Officers within fuch Part of the laid Parilh (hall Yeaily and every Year appoint Two or more Perfons, being fubftantial Floufe-holders, refiding within that Part of the faid Parilh of Saint Botolph Aldgate, to colleft and gather Quarterly, or other wile, the Rates and Aikffments hereby empowered to be rated and affefled, and made and collected; and in calc any Petfon or Pcrlons fo appointed fhall retufc or negleft within Fourteen Days next after fuch Appointment, and his being ferved therewith, to take upon himfclf or thcmfelves the

faid

u-

*a«i

'4

" *a

Aferil »o tnnl Stdjbci hmii o» F«* cnzdni , brio

OttflJ tb. I* i it Aa,s jjffea TlBt or lias "oMot ms in b colkcM *oli<f® a Salt!

ig or® toM SC,<H

xmcc^ ante' *0 &

jfaV M* itm^-it'A 00. '0* jd»r

■t’0

IP*.

it

J

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 38,'	715

faid Office of Collector or Collectors of the faid Rates or Affeflhnents, or (hall be negligent in the due Execution of his or their Duty, or fliall execute the lame by Deputy or Deputies, to whom he or they (hall give any Compenfation for executing the lame, all and every Perfon and Perlons fliall for every fuch Offence and NegleCt forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in cafe any Perfon or Perlons fo rated and affeffed (hall refule or negleCt to pay luch Rate or Affcflment for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, it (hall be lawful for the faid Collector or Collectors, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two of His Majefty’s Jultices of the Peace lor the faid County of Middlefex, acting for the Tqwer Divifton, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party fo negleCting or refufing, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after the reafonable Charges of making fuch Dillrefs and Sale are firft deducted, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and in cafe no fuch Goods or Chattels can be found to be fo diftrained, or in cafe fuch Goods and Chattels (hall be locked up and fecured, or removed from the faid Collector or Collectors, fo thar he or they cannot diftrain the fame, then and in either of the faid Cafes, upon Information thereof given to the faid Jufttces, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, and they are hereby required, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprite for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until the Payment of fuch Rate or Affcffment, and reafonable Charges occalioned by the Non-payment thereof; Provided nevertheless, that no Perfon fliall be obliged to (erve the laid Office of Collector oftener than Once in Ten Years.

LV11I. And be it further enaCted, That the faid Commiffioners for Col'enor. to the Time being, or any Five or more of them, (hall and they are giveSccumy. hereby required to take fuch Security of and from every Collector 3nd Collectors to be by them appointed for the faithful a> counting by him and them, when and fo often as he or they fliall be thrreunto required, for all fuch Monies as he or they (hall receive by virtue of luch Appointment, as to the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them (hall appear a fufficient Security for the Monies to be from Time to Time received by fuch Collector or Collectors, who fliall, and is and are hereby required to make up and render to the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, and fo often as he or they fhall be thereunto required, under his or their Hand or refpeCtive Hands, on Oath, which Oath the faid Commiffioners or any One or more of them is and are hereby emp wertd to adminifter, a full, true, and perfedt Account of all luch Sum and Sums of Money as he or they have or hath received, collected, or levied, by virtue of this ACt, or which fliall have been rated or affeffed as aforefaid and not received, and of all other Matters and Things relating to his or their faid Office or Offices ; and fli.ll „lfo from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, produce and deliver all Books, Paper*, and Vouchers relating thereto; and (hail pay unto the faid Commiffioners, or fuch other Ferlon or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fliall, by any Writing under their Hanus authorize and empower to

receive

7,6	47® GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 38.

receive the fame, all fuch Monies as (hall be in his, their, or any of their Hands ; and in cafe any Colleftor or Colleft irs fhall at any Time, without having received fuch Notice or Requifition, have in his or their Hands any Sum or Sums of Money over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be coiledted by virtue of this Aft for the Space of Ten Davs, without pa)ing over the fame to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Pcrlbn or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them (hall have directed or appointed to receive the fame, every fuch Colleftor or Co'lcdors fhall for every fuch Negleft or Omiffion foifeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Aflion in any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, in the Name or Names of the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commillioners for the Time being, in which Action no EfiToign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance Ihall lie allowed ; and in ca'e any fuch Collector or Collectors as afore-faid Ihall negleft or refufe to account in Manner aforefaid, or to deliver fuch Books, Papers, and Vouchers as aforefaid, then any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Middlefex, fhall and may and they are hereby required, upon Complaint thereof made by One or more of the faid Commilfioncrs, to examine and inquire of and concerning fuch Negleft or Refufal, as well by the Cor.fcffion of the Parties themielves, as by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies ; and if any fuch Colleftor or Colleftors fhall be convifted of fuch Negleft or Refufal before luch Juftices of the Peace, then the faid Juftices fhall upon Conviction commit the Perfon or Perfons fo off-nding to the County or other Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprife till he or they fliall have made and delivered a true and perfeft Account, and fhall alfo hive delivered all fuch Books and Papers remaining in his or their Hands, and have paid over the faid Monies-, and in cafe any luch Colleftor or Colleftors as aforefaid fhall relufc or neglect to pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo colledted or received by him or them under or by virtue of this Aft, and which Ihall remain in his or their Hands as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for any Two of the faid Juftices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals direfted to fuch Peri'on or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them Ihall appoint, levy fuch Sum or Sums of Money by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Colleftor or Co!, leftors, rendering the Overplus (if any,) on Demand, after the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are dedufted and paid, unto fuch Colleftor and Colleftors, and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs to commit or caufe fuch Colleftor or Colleftors to be detained in the laid County or other Gaol, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the faid Juftices, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, or until he or they (hail have paid over all the Monies in his or their Hands, or have compounded tor the lame to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioners, and Ihall have paid fuch Compofition Money in Manner aforefaid, which Compofition the faid Commiffioners ate hereby authorized and empowered in their Difcretion to make and accept accordingly.

Colleftors to L1X. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon or Per-account funs fo to be appointed as luft aforefaid, and who Ihall colleft or re-Quarterly,if ceive any Money by virtue of this Aft for the Purpolcs aforefaid, required, Ihall Once in Three Months at leaft, and from Time to Time as often

as

47° GEORGII III. SefT 2. Cap.28.

7i7

a*; he or thev (ball be thereunto required by the I id Comrniffioners, or any

Fiveor more of them, deliver in Writing under hi? or their Hand or

Hands to the faid CommifTioners, or any five or it,or.- o: them, or unto

luch Pcrlon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, a true and pet feet Account,

ttp.n Oath (which Oath the Did Comm ffioners, or any Two or more of

them, are hereby empowered to admimtier,) o .11 luch Sum and Sums of

Money as he or they hath or have collected or received, or which fhall

have been rated or aflefiVd as atorelaid and nor rec- :. d, and of ail other

Matters and T hings relating to his or the;r (aid Offi.e or Offices, and

fhall deliver in all Book*, Papers,and Vouchers relating thereto, and fliaH ,„,j stiver

pay unto t!ie faid CommifTioners, or any Fi t or more of them, or to fuch u; the iiooks

Perfon or Perlons ns they (hah appoint, all the Monies remaining in his or **<* '^uc^‘

their Hands j and if fuch Pcrion or Perfons (hall rctufe or neglect to ac- a“he pay

count in m inner aforefaid, or dcl'vei fuch B <oks, Pipers, ?nd Vouchers, Balance in

it (hall and may be lawful for any 1'wo or more of Iiis M •jefty’s Juflices Hand to the

of the Peace for the Countv or Place where the I me (hall have happened,

to commit fuch Perfon or Perions to the common Goal cf the faid County onSgtfufai’

or Place, there to remain without Beil or Mamprife until he or they (hall t0 b - com-

have made and delivered a true and perf-ct Account, and alfo delivered mined.

all fuch Books and Papers remaining in his or tneir Hands; and in cale jjajsnceof

the faid Penon or Perfons fhall refute or neglect to pav any Sum or Sums Accounts

of Money collected nr received by virtue of this Act, and which fhali re- ma , be levied

main in his oi their Hands as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for any bydD^,rf^s

Two of tie faid Julfices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals di- an ae’

recred to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the laid CommifTioners, or any Fiveor

mere of them, (hall appoint, to levy fuch Sum or Sums of Money by

Diftrrls and Sale cf ;he Goods and C hactels of fuch Collector or Col ec-

toi«, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of fuch Dillr: Is

and Sale are deducted and paid, and for Want of fufficient Diftiefs, to a„d where

commit or caufe fuch Perfon cr Perfons to be detained in the faid common Diftrcfs can-

Gaol of the faid County or Place, by Warrant under the Hands an^ Seals ,ot behad,

ot Two or more of the faid Juftices, until he or they (hall have paid over all

the Monies in h.s or their Hands, or compounded for the fame, and fhall t;u payment

have paid fuch Compofition Money in manner aforefaid, which Ct mpo- or Compofi-

fition the laid Lommiffioners, or any Five or more of them, are her by dan be made.

authorized and empowered to make at a Meeting to be held for that Pur-

pok. Ten D ;ys Notice whereof (h 11 be given in luch Manner as publick Notice of a

Notice of Meetings in purluance ot thia Act is herein-before directed to be Mating o

given.	te given *or

tha' Pu'pofe.

LX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Col- Q, Re^ova| lectors to be appo.ntcd as lalf alr.reiaid (hall reiofe or neglect to take upon Dratn.Mif-' himlelt or thetnlelves the faid Qffice, or to execute the lame when chofen behaviour, or and appointed, or (hail remove out of the Diftrict comprifed in this Act, Irfo'»*nt>of or for which he or they was or were appointed, or (h.dl die within the Year _ or (hall be guuiy of any Neglect or Mifbehaviour in the Perform- beappoiused. ance of his or their Duty, or (hill ‘-•ecome I folvent, then in all,* any, or each ot the Caies aforcf’id it (hull be lawful for the faid Comrniffioners, or any Five or more of them, and fuch of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parilh of Saint Botolpb Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middle/ex^ as have a Rignt to meet for the Choice of Officers as aforefaid, at any intermediate Time cf the Yeai, to nominate and appoint any other fit Perlon or Perfons inhabiting within the faid Parilh of Saint Botolpb Aid-

[Lw.fcfiVr.]	8	7*	gate,

71B

Colleflors beccn’np Id-folvent. Mill cy to be again aflt flea.

Colleflors difaual'fied from ailing as Commit fioaers.

Pavements

liable to be jepaired by any P-iillt, &c. are to be repaired at •heir Ex.

47* GEORGII III. Sefi’.a. Cap. 38.

gate, to be Collector or Collectors of the faid Rates or Afieffments for the remaining Part of the Year in the Stead of him or them lb refilling, removing, dying, or guilty of Neglect or Milbehaviour, or becoming Jnloiven^as aforefaid; and fuch Perfon or Perlons fo appointed (hall enter upon the Execution of the faid Office within the Time before limit, ed, and (hall account and pay over the Monies in his or their Hands, under the like Pains and Penalties, Orders and Rules, in all Refpects as luch preceding Collector or Collectors ought to have done by virtue of this Act and if any Collector (hall remove as aforefaid, he (hall before his Removal deliver over to the laid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch Perfon as they lhall appoint, his Account verified on Oath as aforefaid, with all Rates, AflelTments, Bocks, Papers, Vouchers, Sum and Sums of Money, and other Things concerning his Office, under the like Pains and Penalt;es as are inflicted by this Act upon a Collector or Collectors refufing or neglecting to account when thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them ; and if any Collector or Collectors ffiall die as aforefaid, his or their Executors or Adminiftrators lhail within Twenty Days after his Deceafe deliver in to the Commiffion-ers or any Five or more of them an Account of the Monies collected by luch Collector or Collectors; and lhall alfodeliver all Books, Papers, and Things concerning his Office, to the fucceeding Collector or Collectors, or to luch other Perfons as the faid Commiffioners or any Five or more of them (hall appoint; which Money, if any due, lhall be paid by the Executors or Adminiftrators in Preference to and before any of his or their other Debts are paid or fatisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Collector of the faid Rates or Afleflments (hall become Inlolvent, or lhall embezzle or make away with, detain or mifapply, any Sum or Sums of Money fo collected by him for the Ufes aforefaid, fo that the fame cannot be recovered, or lhall die pofielTed of any Sum or Sums of Money by him or them collected by virrtie of this Act, and which fnall not be paid by his Executor or Adtnini-ftrator, or luch Perfon or Perlons as fhall have been Surety for him in ms faid Office of Collector, then and in every luch Cafe fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall be again rated and aflefied by the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or re,ore of them, on. the Streets, Lane-, Alleys, and Places com-pfrifed within this Act, for which fuch Perlon lhall have been appointed Collector, in fuch Proportion and Manner as the Rates are directed to be made by this Act, and lhall be collected, levied, and diftrained in fuch Manner, and under fuch Penalties as are herein provided for levying and collecting the Rates due and payable by this Acr.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That none of the Commiffioners herein named or who lhail hereafter be chofen by virtue of this Aft, fhall aft as a Commiffioner during fuch Time as he or they (hall execute the Office of Collcftor or Colleftors of the Rates to be made, railed, and levied purfuant to this Aft.

LXI1I. And be it further enafted. That where any Part or Parts of the Pavement in the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, hath or have been accuftomed, or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular Parifh or Pariihes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houfes or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 38.	719

ment of the faid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places refpeftively, the fame pence by (hall be paved and repaired at the Exprnce of the refpe&ive Parilh or Commiffion-Parifties, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by the Pavior or Paviors contracting ers Paviors * with or employed by the laid Commifiioncrs.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it fhall be 0r Comm'f-lawful for the faid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them, from Time Goner? may to Time to compound and 3gree for paving and repairing of the laid Compound Streets, Lan-s, Alleys, and Places with any fuch Parilh or Parithes, Bodies t£e Politick or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Meaiure, as the laid Commiflioners or any Five or more of them (hall think reafonable.

LXV. And whereas the Commiflioners under and by virtue of the faid Annuitie* Two former Acts did, in purfuance of the Powers and Authorities of the granted unfame Acts, grant unto divers Perfons certain Annuities or Yearly Sums of Money, upon the Credit of, payable out of, and charged upon the Rates chargfSbIeoB and Afleflinfients made, railed, and collected by virtue of the faid Two fta;es?ob« feveral Acts, many of which Annuities are now payable and outftanding; by be it further enacted. That all and every the Rate and Rates, Affeffmenc and Affeffments, to be made, laid, afleffed, and collected in purfuance of this Act, lhall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be and continue fubject and liable to and charged with all and each and every the Annuity and Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances granted, made, or charged in purfuance of the faid former Acts or eicher of them, upon the Rates or Alik ffments thereby authorized or directed to be made, laid, or afleffed; and all and every luch Annuity or Annuities (hall be paid and payable out of the Monies arifing by the Rates or Affeffments to be made and afleffed by virtue of this Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of the faid former Acts, for any fuch Annuity or Annuities as aforelaid, and his, her, or the;r refpecdve Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, fhall have, receive, enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpective Annuity or Annuities fo granted out of the fa>d Races and Affeffments by this Act appointed for the Purpofes thereof as aforefaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Perfons nominated by each fuch Pur-chaftr or Contributor as before mentioned, and for whofe Life the faid Annuities are relpecdvely payable, and that all and every Perion and Per-fohs who now is or are entitled to any fuch Annuity or Annuities as aforefaid, under the faid former Acts, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, and in-defeafible Eftates and Interefts in the Annuity or Annuities fo by him, her, or them refpectively purchafed according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the faid former Acts; and every Order or Orders for Payment of the fame Annuity or Annuities, figned by the laid Commiflioners under the faid former Acts, or any Five or more of them, (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the feveral Rates and Affeff-ments herein directed to be collected, levied, and paid, (hall, upon Default of Payment of the faid Annuities, veil in the Annuitants until the fame (hall be fully paid and faiisfied, together with Intereff, and the Colls and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment ot the fame ; and the faid Annuitants in cafe there (hall be any Arrtar of the faid Annuities, and until full

Payment

In Defanh of Payment of Annuities, Kates to veil in Annuitants.

720

Annuities may be af figneii toties cjuoties.

Money to be ve!te<* in Commifiion-tn.

Erpences of *hi- A ft how to be piaJ,

Pen allies may be compounded for.

Commiflion-ers wto are

Jullic.es for MHd'efcx and the Li-ber y of .he Tower without, may sit.

Perfon' aggrieved may appeal to ih* Quarter Sjf-fiont.

470 GEOPvGI I III. Seff 2. Cap.tf-

Pivment thereof, w,th Imereti and Charges as aforefaid, (hall have the fa re Powers and Authorities for aflefling, collect! ig, diftraining, and levying the laid Kates and Affcfiments as are bv this Act gianted to the laid Commitiioners and tftetr Collectors, or any ot them.

LXV1I. And be it further tnacted, That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons entitled to any fuch Ann ,.ity or Annuities as aforefaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Admimftrators, or Adlans, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Han J and Seal, or Hands a id Seals, toaifign iucn Annuity or Annuities, or ary Part thereof, or Intereh therein, to any Prrlon or Perfons whrirmoever, arid lb toties aunties> and a Memorandum or Entry of all fuch Orders or Allignments lhall be made in a Book to be kept for that Purpole, at the Charge of the faid C mmtflioneis, tor wi.ch Entrv or Memorandum Five Shilling' (hall he

p.tiJ, and no more, and no fuch Aflignment (hall be deemed valid, unlefs i’uth Memorandum or Entry lh,ll be made as aforefaid.

LXV1II. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raifed or colledled by Me.*ns or under the Authority of the (aid former Acts or of this Act, (hail be and the lame are hereby veiled in the faid Comm dinners, and fhall be applied for the Purpofes uf this Act, and to no other Ufeor Purpofe wharfoever.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Changes

and Exprnccs of procuring and paffing this let ail be >aid out of the Monies r.uleu by Virtue of the laid former Acts, and aw in the Hmds ot the '1 reafurer appointed under the laid former Acts, or out of the full Monies which fhall be railed by virtue of this Act.

LXX And be it further enacted. That it lhall be lawful for the laid Comm flioners, or any Five or more of them, from T netoTime ro compound and agree with any Perfon or Ferfons againft whom the faid Com-mifiioners or any Five or more ot them lhall bring or caufe to be brought any Action or Actii ns. Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contracts hereafter to be entered into on ac' ount of any Breach or Nor.-performance of any fuch Contract or Contracts, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Five or more of them lhall think proper, and alio to compound any other the Forfeitures incurred undt r this Act, fo as the Sums fo compounded and agreed for bt not iefs than the Injury or Damage luftained by the Breach or Non-pcrformancc of any fuch Contract or Contracts, and all the Cotis, Cnarges, and Ex-pences which lhall be occafioned thereby.

LXXI. And be it further enafled, 7 hat it (hall be lawful for any Two Juffices of the Peace forth County of Middlejex, ot for any Two Juftices for rl e Liberty of the Tower IVilbtut, wimm the faid County, although fuch J dices lhall be Commilhuners for the Purpofes of this Act, to hear and determine any of the Offences anting within their refp ctive Jurifdic-tions which arc made fubjecc to and purnlhable by any pecuniary Penalties directed to be levied by vutue of this Act.

I XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon fhall think himfelf or herlelf aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance

of

721

47° GEORGII III. Sefl.2. Cap.38.

of this Aft, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Caufe of Complaint (hall arife, and within Three Calendar Months next after the Caule of Comrlaint (hall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving or caufing to be given Twenty-one Davs Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and the Matter thereof, to the Cleric or Clerics to tne faid Commiflioners, and within Two Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fotne Juftice of the Peace for fuch County or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay fuch Cods, as (hall be awarded by the Juftices of fuch Quarter Seflions; and the laid Juftices at fuch Seflion, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizances, (hall hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matter of (uch Appeal, in a fummary Way, and award fuch Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed againfl, as they the faid Juftices (hall think proper; and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seflions (hall be final, binding, and conclufivc, to all Intents anJ Purpofes.

LXXII1. And be it further enafteJ, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Aft impofed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly direfted, (hall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Juftice of the Peace afting in and for the faid County or Places, and within his proper Jurifdiftion, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to giant upon the Confeflion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any bej upon Demand to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels (hall be fo diftrained and fold (the Charges of fuch Diftrefs ar.d Sale being firft dedufted) (hall be paid to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiflioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purpofes of this Aft ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures lhall not be paid forthwith, it (hall be lawful tor fuch Juftice, and he is hereby empowered and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gael or Houle of Correction of (uch County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprife for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures and all reafonable Charges (hall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, if they (hall fee Caufe, to pay and apply fuch Part of the faid Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as cney (hall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of tnem, to and for the Ufe of the Informer and Informers or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

[L#r. id Per.]	8	U—X

Penalties sod

Forfeitures how to be re-covered and applied.

Cammiffion-

ers may reward Informed.

LXXV. And

722

■^uftices em. powered to adminifter Oaths.

Books to be kept for en-terirg Com-

millioners

Names, Af-

feffinents.

Payments,

Annuitants,

tic.

which m ay be

infpeScd

gratis.

Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form.

Plaintiff not to recover if tender of Amends hath been made.

Proceeding! to be entered in a Book.

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap, 38.

LXXV. And be it further enabled. That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given 10 any Juflice or Judices of the Peace by this Aft, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to adminifter an Oath to any Perfon, for his or their more certain Information in the Matters, then depending.

LXXVI. And be it further enabled. That a Book or Books, fhall

be prepared and kept by the faid Commiflioners, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them (hall appoint, wherein (hall be fairly entered from Time to Time the Names of fuch Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fhal! nominate and appoint to put in Execution the Purpofes of this Aft, and Copies of all Orders ami Proceedings relating thereto ; and alfo an Account of what Monies, have been aftefied, railed, levied, and paid by virtue of this Aft, and how the fame fhall have been applied, and the Names, of the Annuitant or Annuitants, and the Sums which he, Ihe, or they is and are to receive as Annuities refpeftively, which Books or Accounts the faid Annuitants, and all Perfons contributing to the faid Rates or AfTeff-mrr.ts, may at all convenient Times perufe and infpeft without Fee or Reward.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue ot this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Parties making the fame be deemed a TrefpafTer or Trefpaflcrs on account of any Defaulc or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor fball the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a TrefpafTer or Trefpaflers ab initio% on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Aftion on the Cafe.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Aftion for any fuch Irregularity, Trel'pafies, or other Proceedings, if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall be made by or on Behalf of the Parties who fhall have committed or caufed to be commitied any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceedings before fuch Aftion brought, and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made it fhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court where luch Aftion fhall depend, at any Time before lffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they (hall fee fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Orders, and Judgements fhall be had, made, and given in and by fuch Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIX. And be it further enafted. That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners at their Meetings fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered fhall be figned by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Five or more of the faid Commiflioners afiembled [as the Cafe Jhall require], and fuch Orders (hall be deemed and taken to be

original

47" GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 38.

original Orders; which faid Book or Books, and alfb the Book or Books kept for the fa'me Purpofe under the faid former Adis, fhali and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

LXXX. And be it further enadled, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Convidlion of any Offender or Offenders againft this Aft, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or tranfadled in or relating to the Execution of this Adi, (hall be vacated or quaffed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or.Erocds whatfoevo:,.into any r.f IrLis Majcily's--Courts of Record at JVeJlminJler, any Law or Statute to the contrary not-wiihftanding.

."Set	it	- - •

LXXX1. And be it further enadled, That no Adlion or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pur-fuance of this Adi until Twenty One Days Notice ffall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Commiffioners, or after fufficient Saiisfadlion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed for which fuch Adtion or Adlions, Suic or Suits, ffall be fo brought; and every fuch Adtion ffall be brought, laid, and tried in the County or Place where fuch Matters or Things refpedlively ffall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adlions and Suits and every of them, may plead the General Iffue, and give this Adi and the fpecial Matter in Evidence ac any Trial or Trials which ffall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which fuch Adtion or Adlions, Suic or Suits, ffall be brought, was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the faid Matter or Thing for which fuch Action or Adlions, Suit or Suits, ffall appear to have been lo done, or if it ffall appear that fuch Adtion or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof had been given as aforefaid, or that fufficient Satisfadlion was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any Adtion or Suit ffall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpofe limited, or ffall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury or juries ffall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein, and if a Verdidt or Verdidts ffall be found for fuch Detrndant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Adtion or Adlions, Suit or Suits, fli.ll become non-fuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Adtion or Adlions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in fuch Adlion or Adlions Judgement ffall' be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Defendant or Defendants ffall have Treble Cofts, and ff ,11 have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Detendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cofts in any other Cafes by Law.

LXXXII. And be it further enadled. That no Inhabitant of the faid Dillndl comprifed in this Adi, or other Perfon, ffall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence before any Juftice or Juilices of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwile, in, about, touching, or concerning this Adi, or any Maner or Thing

herein

723

Books imy be read in Evidence.

Proceedings not to be quafhed for Want of Form, or removed by Certiorari.

Limitation ol Adtiona.

Genera!

Iffue.

Treble

Colts.

Inhabitants

allowed to give Evidence.

7H

Publick

47® GEORG 11 III. Sefll 2- Cap. 38.

herein contained, on account of his, her, or their paying the Rates of the faid Parilh; any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Aa. LXXXIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT. 2.

’ '	V

Cap. 39.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Third Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of fmall Debts in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjbamand Whorlfdow?iy in the County of Wilts\ and for extending the Powers of the faid Aft to other Places in the faid County.

[1 ft Augujl 1807.]

ij'/ij L-:■	h

WHEREAS an Act was paffed in the Third Year of the Reign of 3 G. 3, His prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An Act for the more eafy and c- *9* “ fpeedy Recovery of fmall Debts within the Hundreds of Brad-“ ford, Melkjbam, and Wborl/down, in the County of Wiltswhich faid Act hath been found ufpful and beneficial, but the fame is in fome Rejects defettive and inefficient fully to anfwer the good Purpofes thereby intended: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Improvement and Encouragement oft Trade in the faid Hundreds, and to the neceffary Support and Protection of ufeful. Credit within the fame, if the Powers of the faid recited Act of Parliament vyere extended to the Recovery of fmall Debts, not exceeding the' Sum of* Five Pounds; and if fuch Powers alfo extended ' to the Parifhes, llaudets, and Places of Wejhvood, Bromham, and Hauke* ridge, all ip the fajd County of Wilts ; and if the Number of the Commif-fioners of the faid Court of Rpquefts were enlarged:. May it pleafe your [ior. £? Per.]	8	T	Majefty

822	47°	GEORGII	HI.	Sefi*.	2. Cap. 39.

So much of Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil recited Act Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Qonlent of the Lords Spiri-thc'lL'rifdic- turtl aml Temporal,and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affetnbled, and non of the° by the Authority of the fame, That fo much and fuch Parts of the faid re-Court to cited Act, as confine or reflrain the Cognizance or Jurildiction of the Court Debts not cf Requefls for the faid Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjham, and Whorlf-Forty^Shfl- down, to any Debt or Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, lu gs, ihail fliall, from and after the Second Monday next after the palling of this Acf, be repealed, be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

Additional II. And be it further enaded, That Richard Long, Benjamin Hobhoufe, e ommtlBon- TlJOmas Bujh, John Jones the younger, Thomas Bruges, and Charles Bythe-fea, Efquires ; the Reverend Edward Bowles, the Reverend Jofeph Smith, and the Reverend John Rees Mogg, Thomas Bujh the younger, James Bethell, James Beaven, Edward Cooper, John Davis, George Dyke Fijher, James Fanner, John Godiuin, Samuel Hart, George Hart, William Henry Jones, Robert Langley, Thomas Morrell, John Newton, John Spencer, Walter Spencer, Thomas Spencer, Thomas Tugwell, Mawbey Tugwell, Robert Woolf, John William Terbury, James Bull, William Beaven, Cbrijlopher Beaven, James Chapman, Samuel Chapman, David Dent, Ifaac Dark, Jofepb Howgate, John Redman, James Redman, William Redman, Edward Stiles, Edmund Bythefea, John Bell, James Bird, James Bell, John Burgefs, James Coles, John Clark, John Clark the younger, Nicholas Crofs, John Hawker Crofs, John Warren Cary, John Ching, Jofepb Clements, Richard Cafwelt, John Cooper, John Cooper the vounger, William Cundall, William Dunn the younger, John Dowding, Thomas Deacon, Benford Deacon, Samuel Diplock, Richard Edged, William Edgell, James Edged, Nathaniel Edwards, Richard Godby, John Heretage, Richard Harris, William Livett, Charles Long, Edward Horlock Mortimer, Benjamin Marfhman, Thomas Martin, Thomas North, Thomas Pope, Samuel Pearce, William Perkins, John Reeves, James Selfe, Thomas Stillman the younger, Edward Sheppard, Widiam Stancomb, Jofeph Stancomb, Samuel Sylvefter, Jofeph Slade, John Slade, Samuel Salter, Jofeph Smith, John Waldron, William Everett Waldron, William Webber, and Samuel Walton, and their Succeffors, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed and declared additional CommilTioners for putting the faid recited Act and this Act into Execution.

r vnifr .n- TCI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commiflioners who f, of ‘ormer arc or fhall be nominated and appointed by the faid recited Act, and this am toexe- Act, or either of them, are and fhall be Commiflioners for putting the faid ttut tni« AO. recited Act, and this Act, into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the feveral Regulations, Powers, and Authorities contained in the faid recited Act, touching or concerning the Nomination or Appointment of fuch Commiflioners, were repeated and reenacted in this prefent Act.

Regulations IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Hearing, Examination, and as to what Determination of each and every Action, Caufe^ or Oueflion for the Re-Number of COvery of any Sum not exceeding Sixty Shillings, Three at lead of the faid M^'fhTl'iTc"* Commiflioners fhall be prefent in Court, and on the Hearing, Examination, prefent, and Determination of each and every Action, Caufe, or (fueftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Sixty Shillings, Five at leaf! of the faid Commiflioners fliall he prefent in Court.

I	V.	And

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 39.	823

V.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of acting Commifiicw-as a Commiflioner in the Execution of the faid recited Act, or of this Act, ta*ce ** after the faid Second Monday next after the palling of this Aft (fave and except in adniiniltering the Oath herein contained to the other Commiffion-

ers), until he fhall have taken an Oath to the following Effect; that is to fay,

“ t A. B. do fwear, (or being one of the People commonly called sf “ * Quakers, do folemnly affirm, according to the Form in that Cafe made « and provided), that I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially, accord-“ ing to the bell of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine fuch Mat-“ ters and Things as fha.ll be brought before me, by virtue of an Act made <e in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King Gtorge the Third,

“ intituled, QHere fet forth the Title of this Act,2 without Favour “ or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to any Perfon or Perfons whom*

** foever: and alfo that lam a Houfeholder, within the Jurifdiction “ of the faid Court; and that I am poffeffed of Eftates or Property of the “ Value of One thoufand Pounds above all Charges or Incumbrances “ whatfoever.

“ So help me GOD.P

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any one or more of them, or any one of their Clerks, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter in open Court; and each and every fuch Commiflioner (hall, and he is hereby required (after taking the faid Oath or Affirmation) to lign and fubfcribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fuch Roll or Rolls fhall be carefully kept among/t the Records of the faid Court.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That no Perfpn fhall be qualified to act Qualification as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Act, unlefs he fhall, at the Time of Commit-of afting, be a Houfeholder within the Jurifdiction of that Court of which he ‘,cner‘-/hall be appointed a Commiflioner, and poffeffed of a Real Eftate of the Annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate, or Real and Perfonal Eftate, together of the Value of One thoufand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever; and if any Perfon, not being qualified as aforefaid,

fhall prefume to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence (over and above any Puniffiment that he may be fubjeft and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Cofts of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the lame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’sCourts of Record at Wejlnnnjler, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and in every fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification /hall be on the Defendant, and it (hall befufficient for the Plaintiff or Profe-cutor to prove that the Perfon fo l'ued or profecuted had acted as a Cominif-fionerin the Execution of this Act: Provided neverthelefs, that all Judg- AflsofCom ments, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Perfon and nuflioners Perfons acting as a Commiflioner or Commiffioners in the Execution of Condos-Act, though not duly qualified in point of Property as aforefaid, previ- v,aiLn Spoils to his or their being convicted of ftrcfi Offence	notwitliftanding fuch



To rrgulite

the Sittings ot the Court.

Prefent Clerks and Officers tc.he Continued with Power to re-elect, &c-

Appointment of additional Officers.

Power for Clerk to appoint a De-Pu jr.

If futfitient Cominiffion-eis do not attend, Court may be ad. journed.

47° GEORGII III. Sefl. 2. Cap. 39.

Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VII.	And, for the better regulating the Sittings of the laid Court, be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners lhall not hold the Paid Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes, by virtue of +be laid WG«ed--AcL,~or of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and SEfcen of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that nothing in the laid recited Act, or in this Act contained, lhall extend, or be conitrued to extend, fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnefsor Witneffes, in the faid Court, in "purfuance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whoinfoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, lave and except between the faid Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That each and every Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated and appointed by virtue of the faid recited Act, lhall hold and enjoy their feveral and refpective Offices and Employments, until he or they lhall be removed therefrom refpectively by the faid Com-miflioners; and every fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, lhall be fub-ject to the like Pains and Penalties, and Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he had been nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act.

IX.	And belt further enacted. That if it fhall at any Time appear necef-fary to any Five of the faid Commiffioners, or the major Part of them, in Court affembled at any Meeting from the Increafe of the Bufinefe of the faid Court, or for any other Reafon, that more Serjeants or other inferior Officers of the faid Court are wanting, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Five Commiffioners, or the major Part of them, affembled in Court on any Court Day, to appoint any additional Serjeant or other inferior Officers, who may appear to the faid Commiffioners to be wanting or neceffary for the carrying any of the Purpofes of the faid Act into Execution.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for

any Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy to act in his Room or Stead in cafe of Sicknefs, or for other futficient Caufe, to be allowed by the faid Commiffioners, but not otherwife ; and fuch Clerk or his Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to iffue all Sum monfes. Warrants, and Precepts ; and to regiller all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the faid Court; and do all fuch Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the faid Clerks, by virtue of this Act, and fhall enter, and regifter, or caufe to be entered and regiflered in proper Books, to be provided by inch Clerk, and kept for that Purpofe, all the Acts and Proceedings of the faid Court of what Nature or Kitid foever.	n-Urj	.1

XI.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe afufficient Number of the faid Commiffioners lhall not be prefent to actin the Execution of this Act, as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the faid

13	Court,

47° GEORG11 Iir. Sefi‘ 2. Cap. 39.

Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it ihall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Commiffioners who Ihall be prefeur, and if no Commif-fioner flia.ll be prefent, it ihall and may be lawful to and for either of the Clerks, or tin refpective Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the faid Court to the next regular Court Day.

XII.	And be ii further enacted, That the feveral Clerks, Serjeants, and offices of

other Officers of trie faid Court ihall do and perform in their refpective	Ser-

Offices, as they fnall be directed or appointed by the faid Commiffioners-: Jcantl*&c-And the feveral Serjeants or other Officers of the faid Court, fhallferve aH Summonfes, and execute fuch Orders, Warrants, and Precepts* and do and perform all fuch other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be

done by them refpectively by virtue of this Act.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any fuch {Clerk, his Deputy, Ser-	may

jeant,^or other Officer (hall be guilty of any Miibehaviour, either by Neglect be °*'p 401 or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater bees than are by this \ct allowed

to be taken, or otherwife in the Difcharge of their refpective Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the faid Cominmiffionerb an-we-fetd Court then fining, (hull and ,arc hereby directed and required to enquire ipto the Nature of the faid Complaint, and if it (hall appear to be well founded, then fuch Commiffioners, or the major Part of them fo fitting in Court as aforefaid, are hereby directed and required to caufe the whole Number of Commiffioners of the laid Court* refiding within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, to be fummoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting (hall be holden notfooner than Fourteen Days, nor more than Thirty Days after fuch Summons;

And the Commiffioners or the major Part of them prefent, Ihall and may

examine and confider the Merits of fuch Complaint; and if it (hall appear

to ftteb-Commiffioners of the laid Court, or the major Part of them, that

the-fai^ Clerk, his Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer, hath or have been

guilty of fuch Miibehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforefaid, in his or their

Office or Offices, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall anti-may be lawful to	•>

and for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them,

to fufpend, difmifs, or remove fuch Clerk, his Deputy, Serjeant, and other

Officer from his or their Office or Offices.

XIV,	And be it further enacted. That it fhalljoe lawful for the faid Com- Wher D-ht, miflioners, and they are htreby enabled to decide and determine all Dif- *°

putes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding m'; —^r jj m" Five Pounds, in all Actions or Caufes of Debt, ar.d in all Caufes of ajpuupfit and inftmul ccmputajjct, and all Caufes or Actions of Trover and Converfion,	>'

and in all Caufes of Returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all Caufes or Actions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein, or in the This Aft nor faid recited Act contained, ihall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to extend to to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine the Right or Titleto any Lands, ct,'dln

I eneraents, or Hereditaments, or Real Dilates whatfoever, or to judge, de- D bt:‘ Pennine, or decide on any Debt, where the Title of the Freehold, or Leafe for 1 cars of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels, real, (hall be brought or come into quefricn ; or to judge, decide, or dc-[lee. Per.}	8	2	terming

826

47° GE0RGI1 III. SefT. 2. Cap. 39.

termine on any Debt that fhall not be for the Payment of a Sum certain, or on any Debt for any Sum, being the Balance of an Account on Demand, originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, decide, or determine on any Debt, which'lhall arife by reafon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate elfewhere than in the laid Hundreds, Pariflies, Hamlets, or Places, fome or one of them, or by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecciefialtical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofttion for, or by way of Retainer of I ythes, or for anv Matter fuable therein, although the fame refpectively lhall not exceed Five Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-{landing.

A {lions not	XVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall ex-

to be fplit lor ten(j^ or conftrued to extend, fo as to enable any Plaintilf to fplit or ofbrin^irg d'v'fte any Caufe or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the whole them before Sum (hall appear to be due and owing (hall exceed the Sum of Five the Court as Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more mCre Caufes or Actions, for the Purpofe of bringing fuch Caufes or Actions within auKJ' the Jurifdiction of the faid Court; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid CommiiTioners, that any Plaintiff (hall have fo fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Action as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the faid Com-miflioners (hall, and they are hereby required, to difmifs with Colls every futjh Caufe or Action fo fplit or divided ; but fuch Difmiffal (hall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt, in any of Flis Majelly’s Courts of Record at Wejtminjler, or in fuch other Manner as he or fhe may lawfully proceed.

A {I ions may	X VII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That in cafe any Plaintiff, who

ane'piain'iff	have	fo fplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Action, (hall be will-

ftisll be in- mg 10 accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this Act tisfied ton- enabled to adjudge,decree, and pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or ceiire the her Demand, in fuch Caufe or Action fo fplit or divided; then, and in every excee'Ii’r"0* ^uc'n Cafe, the faid CommiiTioners (hall and may adjudge, decree, and profit Pounds, nounce, on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaction io full of all of the faid Commiflioners, fuch Sum to the Plaintiff not exceeding the Sum Demands n 0f Five Pounds, as to the faid CommiiTioners (hall feem juft and iuch Action. reafonable ; and fuch Sum (hall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiftioners, be declared to be, and (hall be, in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in fuch Caufe or Cafe fo fplit or divided.

Debtors to be XVIII. And be it further enacted. That it {hall and may be lawful for any h*e Perfon or Perfons, whether redding within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court Comrolffio*. o»‘ not, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brother-ers, who may hoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, who now have or hereafter raa-e luch fhall have, any fuch Debt as is herein-before fpecified or mentioneJ, or any tweiTthe" 0,her Debt or Debts, owing or due to, orclaimed or demanded by fuch Per-Parti<-J as fon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brother-<he> ihmk hoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Porfon or Perfons to whom he, fhe, or they (hall be Executor, Adminiftrator, Guardian, orTruftee, and for which Debt or Debts he, (he, or they (hall demand any Sum of Money not exceeding ll:' '	'the

47c GEORG11 Ilf. Sefl. 2. Cap. $9.	S27

the Sum of Five Pounds, from any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, inhabiting, refidiug, or being within the faid feveral Hundreds, Pariflies,

Hamlets, and Places, or keeping or ufing any Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf,

Quav, Lodging, Shop', Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, or ufing or frequenting the Markets there, or feekinga Livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the fame, to caufe fuch Debtor or Debtors, Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, from whom fuch Debt or Debts (hall be due or owing, or claimed or demanded, to be wanted or fummoned, by Perfonal Service, or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling Houfe, Lodging, or Place of Abode, Warehoufe,

Wharf, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, of fuch Debtor or Debtors, or Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, within the Jurifdiction of tile faid: Court, to appear before the CoinmilTioners of the faid Court, at fuch Time and Place, or Times or Places, in fuch and the fame Manner, and under and fubject to fuch and the fame Powers,

Procefs, and Method of Proceeding, Orders, Judgements, Decrees, and

Executions, as are mentioned, expreffed, enacted, and declared in and by

the faid recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly,

and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were

herein repeated and re-enacted ; and that the faid Commjffioners fhall and

may, in or by fuch their Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, order and direct

the Pavment of any fuch Debts to be made, either in one Sum at once, or by By Inrta!-

Inftalments at Hated Periods, as they (hall fee Caufe, and deem juft and reafon- mer,ts or

able; all which Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Ibroceedings fo

to be made, (hall be regiftered in a Book or Books, as they have been accuf- proCeedi«g«

tomed to be, which Regiftry (Ira 11 be made by the faid Clerk, or his iufficient to be regif-

Deputy, and, as well the Party Plaintiff or Parties Plaintiffs, as the Debtor or tered;

Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom fuch Order or Orders, Decrees,

Judgements, and Proceedings, (hall refpectively concern, (hall obferve, perform, and keep the fame refpectively in all Points; and no fuch Orders, and not rj. Decrees, Judgements, or Proceedings (hall be removed or removable into >ble b7 any other Court by Certiorari or otherwife howfoever.	Certiorari cr

' .	o.herwif*.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful to and for any S-'jeantor Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Caufe here- 9!iicfr t0 after depending in the faid Court of Requefts, to caufe any Perfon or Perfons, reiiding within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court to be warned * une *’

°r fummoned as often as fhall appear neceffary, by the Serjeant, or other Officer cf the faid Court, eiti.er by ferving fuch Summons per-fonafy, or by leaving the fame at the laft or ufual Place, or refpective Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, to appear as a Witnefs or Witneffes, to give Evidence in the faid Court, in or concerning any fuch Suit or Caufe j and in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be fummoned Witceftfc* rot to give Evidence as aforefaid, (hall refufe or neglect to appear at the Time »pp*»ring ot and Place to which he, (he, or they (hall be fo fummoned; or, appearing	t0

upon any fuch Summons, lhall refufe to be examined upon Oath; or in	frr.

cafe of a Quaker or Quakers on folemn Affirmation, (which Oath or Affir- fVii 405. and mation the faid Coinmilfioners, or anv Three or more of them, are 'n	of

hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), and to give Evidence as J ^ommii0 afoiefaid before fuch Commithoners, according to the true lnre.it and t^on"T“l 1 leaning of this Act; then, and in cither of the faid Cafes, every fuch Per-ion fo neglecting or refilling (hall forfeit and pay, for ever)' fuch Offence Iwt exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be awarded by the faid Com-

miffioners,

828	47®	GEORGII III. SeiT. 2 Cap. 39.

mifTionefs,’ or any Three or more of them, unlefs a reafonable Excufe be offered to and allowed by the faid Commiffioners; and if the Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall not forthwith pay into the faid Court the Penalty or Forfeiture fo impofed upon him, her, or them, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any ihree or more of them, to order and caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be apprehended by any of the Officers of the faid Court, and committed to either of the common Gaols, orHoufesof Correction, of the faid County of Wilts, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unlefs Application fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid ; and every fuch Penalty or I Forfeiture as lad mentioned, which fhall be received by virtue of this Act, fhall thereupon, after deducting the reafonable Colts and Charges of apprehending and taking fuch Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing, be paid oVer into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Pari fit wherein the Perfon or Perfons reflectively paying the fame fhall, at the Time of his, her, or their Neglect or Refufal to appear or give Evidence as aforefaid, inhabit or dwell, or feek a Livelihood, and fhall be applied towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Pariflt.

No Evidence XX. And be it further enacted. That no Evidence fhall be permitted to be to be given given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Action, as aforefaid, on anvMaf a°7 Caufe of Action, except fuch as is flated in the faid Summons hereby ter not Hated Effected to be given, nor fhall any Evidence be admitted on the Behalf of in his Sum- the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch Caufe or Action, of any ripns, nor by Demand he, fhe, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the any*Crof«I>«f ^ature °f a Sett-off, to lefien or difcharge himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves mar.d lie may from fuch Demand or Caufe of Action, unlefs Notice thereof in Writing have on the has been given to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by perfonal Service, or by Plaintiff, un. leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, be given-* lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of deal-thereof io	trading,	or	working,	previous	to	the	Day,	whereon fuch Matter or

him,.	Caufe fhall be heard or tried.

And if the XXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return of Plaintiff (foe: any Summons iffued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any notappt • io Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Court, or of the Caufe for, or mand *1)^*" on account of which fuch Summons fhall have been iffued, the Plaintiff or Pendant fhall Phtintiflk fhall not appear either in Perfon, or by his, her, or their Agent, have Cotts. or fofne other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing, fhall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, but fhall become nonfuited, or Judgement (hall be pronounced again ft him, her, or them, by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners prefent in Court to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Cofts, and fuch reafonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as they the faid Commiffioners, in their Difcretion, fhall think fit; and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by fuch Ways and Means as any Debt or Debts, ordered or decreed by the faid Court, can or may be recovered.

f>(., t0 ^ XXII. And be it furtherenacted, That the feveral Fees herein-after limited taken. artd expreffed, and no other, fhall be taken by the fidd Clerks, Serjeants, and other Officer?, for their feveral and refpective Services in the Execution

of

829

47° GEORGII III. Scfi. 2. Cap. 39.

of the- faid recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jefty, and of this Act, in lieu and (lead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and exprefled in the laid recited Act; that is to fay.

TO THE CLERK.

For ent-ring the Caule	.

----iflfuing Summons

----Killing Subpoena

-----fwcaring every VVitnefs .	.

----hearing Caufe	.	.	•	~	•

----order for Payments ....

----paying Money into Court, ami entering fame

in Boole	.	■	.

.---Nonfuit

----learebing the Book .	.	•

— Attachment or Execution, and for entering and idiiing fame	.

To Ttn Mul lings inclu-five. s. d o 6 o 6

0 3 o 2 o 6 o 6

o 3

o 6

o 2

} * 0

Lokorty Shillings inclu-five.

iu t i vc Pounds inclufive.

s. d. >■ d.

o 9 o 9 o 6 o 4

o 9 o 9

o 6

o 9

0	4

1	6

1 o 1 o o 9

0	b

1	o

r o

0	9

1	o

0	6

1	0

TO THE SERJEANT.

For fervinrr every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, in T the Town where the Court is held, and making > Return thereof to the Court .	.	j

If out of fnch Town, and for every Mile extra, in 1 Addition .	.	•	•	•	j

For executing everv Attachment or Execution~) asainft Goods or Body in the Town where the > Court is held	.	,	.	.	j

If out of fuch Town, and for every Mile extra, in 1 Addition	.	.	.	•	.	J

If an Afliftant Serjeant fhnuld be necefiary in theT Judgement of the Commiilioners, then for the> Aflilfant, if in the Town .	.	.	J

If out of the Town, and for every Mile extra, in r Addition ....	J

o 6

i o O 2

o 6

o 2

0	9

° 3

1	6

° 3 o 9

o 3

1	o

O 4

2	O

0	4

1	O

o 4

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages, Debts due to or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, not exceeding the Sum of Perfons un-Five Pounds, lhall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, der Age to Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Afliflant, Labourers, certain1' or any other Perfon whomfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it Cafes

lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper,

Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, AiTiPtant, Labourer, or other Perfon, to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the faid Court, in the fame Manner as il he or fhe were of full Age ; and the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court, arc hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of, and proceed concerning fuch Debts, in the fame Manner, and lhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's were of full Age.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons whomfo- Imprlfon-ever, who (hall be committed to the faid Gaols or Houfes of Correction, by mer t ot order of the faid Court, for any Debt or Debts, lhall be kept or continued in Cuftody, on any Pretence whatfoever, (except in Cafes herein-after provided imitc for,) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her oy

{Loc. &? fer.}	9	A	their

830

47° GEORGII III. Se(T.2.r. Cap. 39*.

their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are herein-after limited in 'that Behalf, (that is to fay,) where the Debt (exclufive of Colts,) does not ex-ceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, fhe, or they fliall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colts,) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colts,) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colts,) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colts,) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the faid Keeper or Keepers of the faid Gaols or Houfes of Correction is and are hereby directed and required to difcharge fuch Perfons accordingly.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commilfioners fliall be, and they are hereby empowered, in their Order of Commitment of any Per-fon or Perfons to either of the faid Common Gaols or Houfes of Correction, for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, to order and direct fuch daily Sum or Sums to be paid weekly or otherwife, by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants fo committed, for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Prifon, as they, the faid Commilfioners, in their Difcretion lhall think proper, fo as fuch daily Allowance fliall not exceed Three-pence to each Perfon : And in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums fo directed to be paid for the Space of Ten Days, the Keeper or Keepers of the faid Gaols or Houfes of Correction is, and are hereby directed to difcharge fuch Perfon or Perfons from his or their Cuftody, in fuch and the fame Manner as if the full Debt and Colts, for which fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were committed, had been fully paid and fatisfied.

If any Debtor conceal Money or Goods the Time of Imprilon-meot fhail be enlarged.

XXVI. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons furnmoned foi Debts to the faid Court from' the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods, be it enacted. That in cafe, upon the Summons of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the faid Court, Information of any fuch Practice lhall be given, fuch Court fliall have Power to hear Evidence as to fuch fraudulent Concealment; and in cafe it fliall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of one or more Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifter,) that any fuch Debtor has Money or Goods, which he or Ihe has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the aforefaid Time of Imprifonment to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

And the Time of Im-pn for. rue at fhall extend Separately and fuccef-fiveiy for each Execution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who fliall be taken in Execution, under or by virtue of any Procefs iffuing from or out of the faid Court of Requefts, and who, at the Time of his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, fliall have more than one Execution againft him, her, or them in the faid Court, fliall beimprifoned the Time by this Act limited for and in refpect of fuch Execution ; and after the Time fo limited in the firft Execution is expired, the Imprifonment in the fecond Execution lhall commence ; and after the Time fo limited on the fecond Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the third Execution lhall commence, and fo on until

he.

47° GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 39.	S3*

he, {he, or they {hall have been imprifoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in refpect of each feparate Execution, to be iffued agaiuft him, her, or them in the faid Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment j any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIVIII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful to and for thefaid Commiflioners, to iffue anyProcefsagainftthe Body or Bodies of any Perfon or Perfons, in any Cafe or Cafes where the Party or Parties entitled to any Order, Judgement, or Decree, {hall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame Perfon or Perfons.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That each and every Perfon imprifoned Debtor, not by virtue of this Act fhall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Impri- liable to pa/ l'onment, bedifeharged andfetat liberty without paying any Sum or Sums Gaol Fees, of Money, Fee or Fees, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaols or Houles of Correction, or others, by way of Gaol-fees, or Difcharge-fees, or on any other Pretence whatfoever: And if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaols or Houfes of Correction, or any other Perfon whomfoever fhall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Prifoners after the Time by this Act limited, for his, her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon fhall for ever)- fuch Offence forfeitand pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds:

And it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Two Juftices of the Peace Two Jufticej for the faid County of Wilts, to hear and determine every fuch Offence; may deter-and fuch Two Juftices are hereby authorized and required upon any Infor- mine fuch mation exhibited, or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having offence-been committed, in cafe fuch Information fliall be exhibited, or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after theOffence committed, tofummon the Party accufed,and alfo the Witr.effeson each fide, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Confefikm of the Party accufed, to give Judgement or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid : And in cafe fuch Penalty cr Forfeiture fliall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying fuch Penalty and Forfeiture by Diftrefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale to the Owner or Owners thereof: And in cafe fufHcient Diftrefs lhall not be found, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to either of the Common Gaols, or Houfes of Correction, forthefaid County of Wilts, forany Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Conviction be fooner paid and difeharged : And one Moiety of fuchPenalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for the fame; and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the laid Commiffioners; and the fame fhall be by the faid Commiflioners diftributed amongft the Poor of the Parilh or Place from whence the Perfon or Perfons fhall be ordered by fuch Commiflioners to b*

committed.

Procefs not to iffue againft the liody and Goods at the fame Time.

832

47" GEO RG11 III. SeflT. 2. Cap. 39.

committed, in Rich Shares and Proportions as to the Raid Commiffibnera

fhall feem right and pioper.

Por fupport- XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Pcrfons fhall coning the Dig- temptuoufiy and wilfully infult or abufe all or any of the Raid Commiffioners, ri:y 0f the or any 0f tjje officers of the laid Court, for the Time being, during his or ind prevent- ^e‘r Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or going to or from the faid ing Itfa'ts. Court, or fhall hinder or obftruct the Proceedings of the faid Court, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court, with or without the Affiflance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by the Order of the faid Commiffioners, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody ; and the faid Commiffioners ffiall examine into fuch Infult, Abufe, or Milbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what palled, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; and upon fuch Infult, Abufe, or Miffie-haviour, being proved as aforefaid, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to impofe a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe fuch Fine ffiall not be forthwith paid. Inch Fine ffiall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, after deducting fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diltrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and the faid Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid to and diflributed by the faid Commiffioners, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner, amongft the Poor of the Pa-riffi or Place where fuch Offence ffiall be committed, as they the faid Commil-lioners fhall think fit and proper; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs ffiall not be found, it ffiall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to eitherof the common Gaols, or Houfes of Correction, in the faid County of Wilts, for any Time not ex-Verdia» in ceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

»ny other

Count for XXXI. And be it further enabled, That if any Action or Suit forany Debt veratlem°" recoverable by virtue of this Act, in the faid Court of Requefts, ffiall be this notin- commenced in any other Court vvhatfoever, or elfewhere than in the faid titled to Court of Requefts, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Colts, but if in fuch Action or Suit ffiall not, by reafon of a Verdict for him, her, or D-^ndan'/ them, or otherwife, have or be entitled to any Cofts vvhatfoever; and if he fhall bei'n- the Verdict fhall be given for fuch Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action titled todou- or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the fame ffiall be tried or ble Colls if heard, fhall think fit to certify that fuch Debt ought to have been recovered fhall'certify *n ^'c f«ud Court of Requefts, then, and in every fuch cafe, the Defendant that the Debt or Defendants fhall have Double Cofts, and fuch Remedy for recovering oughuohave the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their b««<i reco- Cofts in any Cafes by Law.

vered in this	4	4

Court. Nothing herein contained to prevent any Perfon from

XXXII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to prevent or reft rain any Perfon from dif-training for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame fhall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

dillrainjng for Rent.

10

XXXIII. And

4.70 GEORG 11 III. SefT.2. Cap. 39.	833

XXX11I.	And be it further enacted, That where any Debt fliall be due and When Debt owing, or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly, by reafon or <,ue lr,J,n on account offuch Perfons being Partners in Trade, or otherwife jointly concerned, Service of fuch Summons asaforefaid on any one of fuch Part- )u,nn; >ni nera or Perfons, Or left at his, her, or their lalt ufual Place or Places of one of them Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other'Place of bc luf‘ dealing, trading, or working, (hali be as good and fufficient as if each of h1-1'"1-fuch Partners or Perfons were feparateLy fnmmoned as aforefaid.

XXXIV And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Liinita- Stitute of tionsmay be pleaded in the faid Court of Requells, it is hereby further enacted Liniutio# ahd declared. That all Defendants in the faid Court (hall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and effect j and cvery Defendant, fo pleading or claiming, fhall have and receive fuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to, in cafe this Act had not been made, and he, fhe, or they had been fued for the fame Debt, or other Caufe of Action, in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmnjler, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ihall re- plaintiffs n« cover in any Action to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any to recover Thing done in purfuance of the faid recited Act of the Third Year of His without Nc-prefent Majefty, or of this Act, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been lender of" given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Day's before fuch Action Amend,.

be commenced; of fuch intended Action, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of Action; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Action, if tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch Action brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants, in any fuch Action, by leave of the Court, after fuch Action fhall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they fhall think fit; whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order, and Judgement, fhall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions when the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted,That no Action or Suit fhall Limitation* be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thingdone in purfuance of Aftiom, of the faid recited Act of th* Third Yearof Hisprefent Majefty, or of this Act,

after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every fuch Action or Suit fliall be brought and tried in the County of Wilts, and not elfe-where; and if any fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought before Fourteen Days Norice fhall have been given, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fiich Verdict, or if the Plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her.

Or their Action or Suit after theDefendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in ffvery fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall [Lot, £*f Per.\	9	R	recover

834-

Rccited Act 3 Geo. 3. except where hereby repealed, or otherwlfe provided for, extended to this Act.

Powers of laid recited Act, and of this Act to extend to the Parilhes, Hsmleis, or Places ot Well wood, Bromham, and H.iwke-ridge, all in the County of Wilts.

Publick Act.

Commence-

*ientthercof.

47b GEORGII III. Sefl',2. Cap. 39.

recover Cods, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any De. fendant hath for Colts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXVII.	Provided always, That the faid herein-beforerecited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all Powers, Provifoes, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein refpectively contained, Ihall, fo far as the fame are not hereby exprefsly repealed or otherwife provided for, and are not inconfiftent with any of the Provifions of this prel'ent Act, continue and be in full Force, and extend to all and every Perfon and Pcrfons to whom this Act doth or Ihall extend.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Provifions, Provifoes, Claufes, and Enactments therein contained, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as arc hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) Ihall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame were repeated and re-cnacted in this Act; and all and every the Powers, Provifions, Provifoes, Claufes, and Enactments herein, and in the faid recited Act contained, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed)) Ihall extend to the faid feveral Parilhes, Hamlets, and Places of Wejlwood, Bromham and Hawheridge, all in the faid County of Wilts, as well as to the faid feveral Hundreds aforefaid.

4

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this Act Ihall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and Ihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

, y '•	'	'	■	• I	.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act Ihall commence and take place on the faid Second Monday next after the palling thereof.

LONDON : Primed bv Georce Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, liicy.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

Kjj

K35

»aa* a is

Seeadai

di

iTliHH

?•

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SelT 2.

(MUM!#*************************************************

Cap. 40.

An Aft for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Gravefend and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dartford, Wilmington, and Axiom, in the County of Kent.

[ill Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS the Town of Gravefend (comprifing the Parifhes of Gravefend and Milton) is much connefted in Trade and Bufmefs with the feveral other Parifhes and Places in the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dartford and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent \ and the Inhabitants and Trade of the faid Town, and of the faid Parilhes and Places refpe&ively, have of late Years very much increafed, and many Perfons refort to the faid Town from mod Parts of the United Kingdom, and from Foreign Countrirs : And whereas the Merchants, Tradefmen, and Inhabitants of the faid Town, and Parilhes and Places refpedively, are, for the Purpofe of recovering imall Debts under the refpe&ive Jurifdidions to which by the Common Law they niufl at prefent reforr, obliged to be at an Fxpence fometimes far exceeding, and in all Cafes highly difproporticned to, the Value - of the Sum in corned; : And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the neceflary Support and Protedion of ufeful Credit in the laid Town, and in the feveral Parilhes and Phces within the faid feveral Hundreds, were lufficient [Lee. Is1 Per.}	9	C	Powers

746

Cnmir.i&on-

cn.

Ill

47* GEORGlI III. Se(T. 2. Gap. 40.

Powers vefied in Commiflioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning fuch Debts in a fummary Way; but as the fame cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority cf Parliament ; May it therefore pleafc YcurMajeffy, That it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by anti with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembt'ed, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Senefchal, Sub-Senefchal, Mayor, Juilice of the Peace, and Deputy Mayor for the Time being of the Corporation of Gtettvefend zn& Milton, the Kt dors and Vicars for the Time being of the fevtral Parifhcs within the faid Hundreds refpedively, and Sir John Dixon Dyke Baronet, Thomas Dyke, William Mumford, John Mumford, the Reverend John Bradley, Thomas Caldecott, HujJ'ey Fleet, Claries Fleet, William Fleet, Eduard Rawlins, Richard Wilks, John Budgen, Thomas Sears, John Scars, John Wellard, Alexander So’omon, Gabriel Fawkes, Samuel Not/ey, Henry Morris, Simmons Hammond, John Emery, Thomas Cavell, Charles Pearce, James Sharpe, Mathias IVilks, John Kett’eiaell, John Jennings, William Newton, John Hall, George Payne, Charles 'Huggcti, Edward Barker Ajhby, Richard Aujlin, Thomas Hall, William Budgen, William Nett lefold, Thomas Wart on, Richard Slither den, John Ta]kerr Edward Crcfy, Jafepb Wraight, Jofeph Sardine, Wdliam Sheppard, James Colyer, Thomas Budgen, Richard Dunmell, John Loader, James Hards, James Solomon, Thomas Harman the Elder James Toung, Mark Callow, M.edhurjl, Samuel Cowell, Charles Tatner, William Andrus, William Muggeridge, Thomas Elgar, Nicholas Ray, Thomas Ed-meads, Thomas Fuller, Henry Colyer, William Lee, William Ray, John Fell owes, Thomas Hajpjfl, Maurice Cavey, Robert Talbot, William Nettleing-ham, John Sharpe, William Cdyer, John Walter, Thomas Forrejl, Silas Chapman, James Siveijland, Thomas Colyer the Younger, John Swaifland, John Alien, George Arnold, Jofeph Pcglar Cummings, Jeremiah Dennett, •William Twifs, Gee ge Thcmpfon, John Ditchburn, John Payne, Samuel Mann, Alexander Suttie, Nathaniel Barber, John Milter, William Cruden, Robert Pearce Ci uden, Thomas Johrifon, Henry Redman Tbompfon, Henry Jones, William Heron Rogers, John Keddell, Edward Lark, Richard Harris Beaumont, William Dadd, John Daflowood Taylor, Thomas Kiilick, the Reverend William CrawfordDohXox in Divinity, Thomas Nairn Naifh, Edward William Woodford, Ch'drtes Bee kef, William Troughton, John Gold-fmith the tlaer, Edward Murrell, Lawrence Cakes, John Brenchley, John Grover, James Giles, William Styles, George Rich, William Cooke, Peter Gardner, Thomas [I oedgate, Richard Gcldfmitb, John Fieder, Henry Edmeadcs, George Sm.th, Charles 1 cfevre, Thomas Harman, Thomas Pitcher, Henry Pitcher, Jeremiah Rojher, Jeremiah Howard, John Locket, Robert Ware, and Robert Snowden, fhall be and they are .hereby appointed Commiffionei's for the Recovery id Small Debts within the faid Town of Gravcfcnd, and in the feveral Hundreds of Tolling-trough, Dartfcrd and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent and the liid Commiflioners and their Succeilbrs are hereby conflituted a Court cf Juilice by the Name of 1 The Court of Requefb

*	for the Town of Gravefcnd, and the leveral Hundreds cf Toliingt rough,

*	Dartfcrd and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County ot Kent and the faid ComuiifTioneis fhall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the faid Court on the l'irff Friday in every Month {Chrijlmas Day, Fall Days, and Thanklgiving Da} 3 by Proclamation

747

47° GEORG 11 III. SefT. 2. Cap. 40.

only excepted, and then on the following Day) within the faid Town of

Gravefcnd, in fome convenient Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the Lid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, at any of their Meetings to be hoiden by virtue of this Aft ; and the faid Cotritniffioners Hull and they are hereby empowered and required to hold the faid Court on the Third Friday in every Month (Cbri/lmas Day, Fad Days, and I hankf-giving Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then on the following Day) within the faid Town of Do.rtford, in fome convenient Place mere, to be appointed by the major Part of the faid Conimillioners for that Purpofe, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act ; and the fird Meeting of the faid Conimillioners lhal! be holden within the faid Town of Gravcfend on the Fourth Friday next after the palling of this Aft.

II.	And be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained (hall Defcnd*ms^ extend or be condrued to extend fo as to require or compel the At-tendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witnefles in .iretis of the faid Court fo to be holden in the faid Town of Gravefcnd, in pur- wiVmi'fgtcn, fiance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the faid Court, or by any and Ax-ane Perfon or Perfons whomloever afting as an Officer or Officers of the ^'n^to^1”* faid Court, in any Caufe, Suit, or Aftion, for or cn account of an Graveiend. Debt or Demand incurred, arifing, or accruing within the faid Hundred of Dartford and Wilmington, and Ar.tane, or any of them ; and nothing f^/Tn'v Debt in this Aft contained fliall extend or be condrued to extend fo as to inclined »n require cr compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants,

Witnefs or Witnefles in the faid Court fo to be holden in the faid Town trough nor*to of Dartford, in purluance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the faid [1'Jirl^“ai Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever acting as an Officer or 10 "rt or ‘ Officers of the faid Court, in any Caufe, Suit, or Action, for or on account of any Debt or Demand incurred, arifing, or accruing within the laid Hundred of Toltingtrough.

III.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners, or the Commitnon-major Part of them, prefent at their Meetings to be duly holden in pur; Caufis^nd fuance of this Aft, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and give judge, determine all fuch Actions and Caufes as are hereinafter mentioned, and '“ent> to give fuch Judgements, and to make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Colts, againft the Body or Bodies, or againft the Goods or Chattels of all and every the Perfon and Perfons againft whom they fhall give any fuch Judgement, or make any Order or Decree, as to them lhall feem juft in Law or Equity; and in cafe of an Equality cf Votes on any Aftion, Caufe, or Queltion before the faid Commiffioners, then and in every fuch Cafe the Commlffioner prefent who Hands firft in the Lift of Names of the faid Commiffioners (which Lift the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby required to hang or caufe to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commif-lioners meet) fhall have the decifive or calling Vote.

IV.	Provided alwavs, and be it enafted. That on the Decifion of Three Com. each and every Caufe or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum not	far

exceeding Forty Shillings 1 hree at leaft of the faid Commiffioners lhall be pielent in Court} and on the Decilion of each and every Aftion mution«r;far

‘	„	r	5	Sums above

Caufe, Forty SbKr



'to regulate the S*.. n- • ot the Court.

For afpoint-iftent ot new Ommiiuon* trs.

Commiffion* ers Oath.

47eGEORGII III. Seflf. 2. Cap,40.

C5aufe, or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at lead of the faid Coinmiffioners (hall oe prefent iu Court.

V.	And, for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court; be it further enafted. That the faid Coinmiffioners (hall not hold the faid Court or hear or determine any ( ale or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes by viriue of this Aft, but between the Hours ol Ten of the Clock in the toienoon, and Five ot the Clock in the Afternoon ; and nothing in this Aft contained lhall extend or be co ffirued to extend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witnefs or Witneffes in the faid Court, in purfuance of any Order or Summons ifl'ued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons syhomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Five of the CLck in the Afternoon.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That when any of the faid Commif. fioners (except the faid Senefchal, Sub-Senefchal, Mayor, Juflice of the Peace, and Deputy Mayor of the faid Corporation of Gravefend and Milton, and the f id Rectors and Vicars of the fev ral Parilhes within the faid Hundreds) or any of the Succeffots of fuch Cominiffioners to be elefted in Manner herein mentioned, lhall die, or refufe to aft or fh ill ceafe to be qualified in Manner herein dir fted, to aft as a Com-miffioner in the Execution of this Aft, then and in evcry fmh Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furviving and remaining Commiffion-ers afting in thr Execution of this Aft, or the major Part of them prefent at a Meeting to be hidden for that Purpofe, within the Space of Thirty Days next after fuch Deceafe or Relnfal to aft (hall happrn to be known or as foon after as conveniently may be, to eleft and appoint One oiher Commiffioner in the Room orS ead ofev ry fuch Commiffioner fo dying or refufing to aft, or ceafing to be lo qualified ; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Flace of Meeting for every fuch Eleftion, and tor the Purpofe-thereof, (hall be given by Advertifement to be infirted in fome Newfpaper printed and circulated in the We (tern Divifion of the County of Kent Fourteen Days at lead before fuch Meeting fhall be holden ; and every Commiffioner fo elefted, (hall have the like Powers and Autho-ritirs for carrying this Aft into Execution, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Ru'es, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever as if he had been particularly named ■herein as a Commiffioner.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall be capable of afting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft, (fave and except in a iminiltering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commiffionen) ■until he lhall have taken the Oath following, that is to fay :

’ ‘ T A. B. do fwear, for being one if the Perfons called Quakers,- do

*	folemnly affirm] 1 hat I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially,

*	according to the btft of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine ‘ fuch Matters and Things (hall be brought before me by virtue of

*	an Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year ot the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, \fet forth the Title of this Atf\ without Favour or

*	Affection, Prejud ce or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whoinfoever \

‘ and

749

4.70	GEORGlt Hi. Seir. 2. Cap.40.

5	and alfo that I am a Houfeholder, within the Jurifdi&ion of the faid * Court, and that I am poffeffed of a Real Efiate of the Annual Value « of Forty Pounds, [or of a perfonal Effate of tne Value of One Thou-« fand Pounds,] above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever. So ‘ hplp me God.

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or mote of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter ip open Court; and each and every fuch Commiffioner fhall and he is hereby required (after taking the faid Oath or Affirmation] to fign and fubfcribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fuch Roll or Rolls ffiall be carefully kept among the Re* cords of the faid Court.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Perfon fhall be qualified Q^iific-tion to acf as a Commiffioners in the Execution of this A£l unlefs he fhall ot conmii-at the Time of adting be a Houfeholder within the Jurifdidtion of the flouer,> faid Court, and poffeffed of a Real Eflate, of the annual Value of Fmty Pounds, or of a perfonal Eftate of the Value of One Thoufand Pounds, above all Charges and Encumbrances whatfoever ; and if any Perfon not being qualified as aforefaid ffiall prefume to adt as a Com-miffioner in the Execution of this Adi every fuch Perfon ffiall for every fuch Offence, over and above any Puniffiment that he may be fubjedt and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjler, by Adtion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance ffiall be allowed ; and in every fuch Adtion, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification ffiall be on the Defendant, and it fliall be fufficient f ,r the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or profecuted had adted as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adi; provided never- ^ cfr0n thelefi, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Adis and Proceedings of	*

all and every Perfon or Perfons adting as a Commiffioner or Commif-	ton-

fioners in the Execution of this Adi, though not duly qualified as afore* Y cuo" s°°J. faid, previous to his or their being convidled of fuch Offence, ffiall, notwithflanding fuch Convidlion, be as good, valid, and effedlual, as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and Anpr>;„tTeii for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, at their faid oi'u-5«r.-. fir It Meeting to nominate and appoint One or more fit and proper P,r-fons for tach of the feveral Offices of Clerk, Serjeant, and Crier, and for the other necrffary Offices of and in the faid Court of Requefis; and that it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons appointed to execute the Office of Clerk, immediately after his or their Appointment, and from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act in his or their Room or Stead in cafe of Sicknefs, or for other fufficient C.aufe, to be allowed by the faid Commiffioners, but not 01 her wife ; arm every fuch Clerk, or "his Deputy, is and are hereby [Loc. is Per.]	9	D	empowered;

750

Iff ifHcient Numbc> of Commiiiion* ers go noc attend. Clerk may Adjourn.

Officers ©f Citric, Crier, and Serjeant.

Appointment of n' w Officers, in « afe of Death or Refigna-tion.

One or more

Clerk or Cftrks.

Wh if Debts

to be dtcided by the Com-miffi oners.

470 GEORGII III. Sefi'.2. Cap. 40.

empowered and required to iffue all Summonfes, Warrants and Precepts, and to regider all Orders, Decrees, ano Judgements of the aid Couit and to do al! fuch Ads, Matters, and Things as are direded or required to be done by the laid Clerk by v rtue of this Ait, and (hall enter and regifter or cau e to be enter' d or regiftered in a proper Book or Books to be provided by fuch Clerk, and kept for that Purpofe, all the Ads and Proceedings of the laid Court of what Nature or Kind .'oever,

X.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe a fufficient Number of the faid Commiffioners fhall not be prefent to ad in the Execution of this Ad as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the ‘aid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Commiffioners who (hall be pr Cent, and if no Couuniffioner fhall be prefent it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the faid Court to the next Court Day, or to fome earlier Day.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the Clerk and Criers of the faid Court fhall do and perform in their refpe&ive Offices as they (hall be direded or appointed by the faid Commiffioners ; and the feveral Serjeants of the laid Court lhall ferve all Summonfes and execute fuch Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch other Ads, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them ref-pedively, by virtue of this Ad.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the Commiffioners who fhall be fitting and ailing in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Refignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue of this Ad, or fo foon after as the fame fhall be known, to caufe the whole Number of Commiffioners for the Time being to be futnmoned by Advertifement to be inferted in fomeNewfpaper printed and circulated in the Weflern Divifion of the County of Kent, to meet at fome convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpofe, within Twenty one Days next after their being fummoned as aforefaid, and fuch Commiffioners at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them prefent, are hereby authorized and required to eled another Perfon or Petfons in the Room or Stead of every fuch Clerk, Crier, Serjeant, or other Officer fo dying refigning, or being removed as aforefaid, (or the Ufes and Puipoiesin this Ad contained, and fo from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Crier, Serjeant or other Officer fhall die, refign, or be removed from their refpedive Offices.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby empowered and enabled to decide and determine all Difputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Adious or Caufes of Debt, and in all Cau'es of Jjfumpfit and Infimul Computajfet, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trover and Converfion, and in all Caules or Returns founded on a Quantum Mciuit, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XIV, Pro*

4-7® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.40.	75*

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable the laid te. mine any Commitfionera to determine the Right or Title to any Lan ;s, Tenements ^euf*i^e“ or Hereditaments, or real Ellates whatfoever, or to judge, determine, tne Landit or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold, or Leak for Years of any Lands, Tenements or Heteditaments, or of any Chattels (‘ real whatfoever, fhall be brought or come into queltion, nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account or Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that (hall arife by reafon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate elfewhere than in the faid feveral Hundreds of Teitingtrougb, Dartford and Wilmington, and Axlane, or any of them, or by realon of any Caufe concerning Tcftament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclefiaftical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition, for or by way of Retainer of Tithes.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Commiffioner or Com-miflianers of the faid Court for the Time being fhall be Party or Par- act whrre ties to, or concerned or intcrefted in, any Caufe, Adion or Matter de- >n'-eieiud. pending in the faid Court, no fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners (hall be capable of acting as a Commiffioner or Commiffioners on the hearing or determining fuch Caufe, Adion, or Matter, or in making any Order,

Decree, or Judgement therein, but fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners, after being heard in fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, fhall withdraw until the fame is finally determined ; and if theCleik or his Deputy, or other Officer of the faid Court for the Time being, fhall be a Party, or inter-efted in any Caufe, Adion, or Matter depending in the faid Court, luch Clerk, Deputy or other Officer fhall not exerciie his faid Office in fuch Caufe, Adion, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the faid Commiffioners forming the faid Court (hail and may appoint another Perfon to exercife the Office of fuch Clerk, or Deputy or other Officer refpcdively, in all Things relating to fuch Caufe, Adion, or Matter.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That nothing herein contained fhall Aflions r.ot extend or be conllrued to extend, fo as to enable any Plaintiff to fplit t0 >e f-1" or divide any Caufe or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the '0u> mlsn% whole Sum that fhall appear to be due and owing fhall exceed the Sum tbem b'lore of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of tile Couit Two or more Cauf-s cr Adions, for the Purpofe of bringing fuch Caufe or Adion within the Jurifdidicn of the faid Court; and in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners t:iac any Plaintiff fhall have fo fpLt or divided his or her Caufe or Adion as aforefaid, then and in every luch Ca!e the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to difmifs with Colts, every fuch Caufe or Adion fo fp!,t and divided; but fuch Diim ffal fhall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of his Msjefty’s Courts of Re- .hc Coir-cotd ac W’ejiminJler, or in fuch other Manner as he or fhe may lawfully n.,-.vdecree proceed : Provided always, that in cafe any Plaintiff who lhall have fo in fu:h p*' lplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Adion, fhall be willing to ac- i!°he cept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this Ad enabled tiff tha'1 bs to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her JeceilVths Demand in fuch Caufe or Adion fo fplit or divided, then and in every Money in

r ! fu.I of alt

‘u^h Dtnmid

m kc luch Order between the Parties as the/ than think fir.

(I

552	47°GEORGII	in.	Seff.2.	C^.+o.

fuch Cafe the faid Com.niffioners (hall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Sati-faftion ot the laid Commifftoners) fuch Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, uS to the faid Commiflioners /hall feem juft and reafonable ; and fuch Sum (hall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiffioners, be declared to be and ihall be in full Dilcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in fuch Caufe or Caic fo Jplit and divided.

Dehtori ma XVII. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Firft Mee-bt fum'ion” ting of the faid Commifftoners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for cdmFf'in'hc any Perfon or Perlons (whether fu< h Perfon or Perfons (hall refide within „ m»y the Wildiftion of the laid Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Accounts or otherwiiehowloever, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perfon or Perlons, or as Executor, Adminiftrator, Guardian, Affignee, or Truftec to any Perfon or Penons, or due and owing to htm as Mayor, Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer, to any Body Corporate, or to any Club or FriendlySociety, duly affociated and conftituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfoever, which the laid Com-tniffioners are by this Aft enabled to judge and determine, and not ex-prefsly prohibited by this Aft, by or from any other Perfon or Perfons whatfover, inhabiting, reftding, or being within the faid Town of Gravifend, or within any of the feveral other Parilhes or Places in the Hundreds of Toltingtrcugh, Hartford, and Wilmington, and Axtanc, or any of them as aforefaid, or keeping or ufing any Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or ufing or frequenting the Markets there, or feeking a Livelihood, or in any Way trading or dealing within the fame, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who (hall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the faid Clerk, direfted to fuch Debtor or Debtors, exprefiing the Sum demanded of him, her or them, and Rating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufe of Aftion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them t o appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons before the Commiffioners of the faid Court, to anfwer fuch Demands; and fuch Serjeants (hall forthwith ferve, or caufe fuch Summons to be ferved, on fuch Debtor or Debtors, either perfonally, or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Perfon belonging to him,] her, or them, or at the Dwelling Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurifdiftion of the laid Court, and upon due Proof made of fuch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the faid Commifftoners prefent in Court (fuch Number prefent not being lefs than by this Aft direfted) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and pafs fuch final Sentence or Judgement thereupon, and award fuch Colts of Suit as to them (hall feem molt agreeable to Equity and good Confcience ; and for the better Dif-covery of the Tiuth, and more folemn Determination of the Matters and 7	Caufes

V



753

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.4.0.

Caufes which (hall be depending in the fatd Court, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in the faid Court, to admi-nitter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the laid Court, or to either of the faid Parties whom they the faid Conunif-iioners (hall thinkproper to examine, touching theMatters then inQueltion, and pito to fuch Witnels or Wi neffes as fiiall be produced by each Party, and alfo to any o;her Perfon or i .irfons whole Evidence (hall feem necelfary towards the Hearing and Determining any of the faid Caufes or Adtions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpofe requifite to the Execution of this Ad.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That where any Debt (hall be Qnelbrttier due or owing or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly,,by tore deemed icafon or on account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade or on ’ other wife jointly concerned, Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid on ai y One of fuch Partners or Perfons, or left at his, her, or their laft i; al Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, cv.aH, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working, (hall be as good and iufficient as if each of iuch Partners or Perfons were fepa-rately fummoned as aforelaid. .

No Evidence to he given by the Plain, tiff of any Matter not dated in hi* Sum nons, nor by Defend* t in any C>ofs Demand lie may have on the Plaintiff, without Notice given thereof.

, X!X. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence (hall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or A&ion a* aforefaid of any Demand or Caufe of Action except fuch as is dated in the laid Summons hereby directed to be given, nor (hall any Evidence be admitted on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fmh Caufe or Action of any Demand he, (he, or they may, have on the Plain iff or Plaintiffs, in tbe Nature of a Set-off, or leffen or difeharga hitofeli, herfelf, or thernfflves from fuch Demand or Caufe of Action, unlefs Notice thereofin Writing lhall have be?n given to the faid Plain-: tiff or Plaintiffs, by perfonal Service or by leavi ,g it at his, her, or their Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, Trading, or Working previous to the Day when fuch Matter or Caufe (hall be heard or tried.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Debtor or Debtors, who If Debtor (hall have been duly fummoned as aforefaid, Iliad not appear either in pw”comS Perfon or by his,, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her ra‘ffi°ner*

c.r ij»sr Behai/, before the laid Court, at the Time and Place mentioned «ed.Pr°* in, toe faid Summons, then and,in. every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawtul to und ior the faid Commiffioners affetnbled in the faid Court, after .Proof made upon Oath of. the Service of the faid Summons in Manner aiorefaiu, to. hear, the Caufe on the Past of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make iuch Qrder, Decree or Judgement, therein, and toward iugj) -reafqnable Colls,of Suit, as to them lhall ieem molt agreeable to,Equity and good Conl'cience.;

XXL And be it further enabled. That if upon any Day of the Re, irphinuff rum qt any Summons iffued on the. Behalf of.apy Pla ntiff' or Plaintiffs, do« not up. or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the (aid Court*, or of theh7*D«nar°7s Cauie for or on Account of which fuch Summons (hail have been iffued, Defendin’’ thp Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall not appear eitherjin Perfon or by his, her,Jai1tluve or then Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or* °

[Lcr. d Per.~\	$	£	appearing

754

+/GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.40.

appealing, (hall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court, but (hall become nonfuited, or Judgement (hall be pronounced againft him, her, or them by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reasonable Cods, and fuch reafonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as they the faid Commiffioners in their Difcretion (hall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by fuch Ways or Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the faid Court.

wSottuf not XXII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or Per-attendiiig if fons, redding or being within the Jurifdi&ion of the (aid Court, after furamoned.	having been duly Served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be iffued by

the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Court of Requefts, or his or their Deputy,and paid or tendered hi', her, or their realonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence, at a Time and Place in fuch Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf'of any Plaintiff or Defendant, (hall negleft or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of fuch Subpcrna or Summons, and no fufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appearance being (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court on Oath, or, in cafe of being a Quaker or Quakers, folemn Affirmation being made (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), before the faid Commiffioners by the Party or Parties at whofe Inltance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpsena or Summons iffued, that the Perfon or Perfons ferved therewith was or were a Witnefs, by fuch Party or Parties judged neceffary for the Proof of his, her, or their Caufe or Caufes, ACtion or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences ; or if the Perfon or Pei fons fo ferved with fuch Subpooena or Summons (hall appear, and refufe to be fworn, or, being a Quaker or Quakers to make Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required to adminiftei), or to give Evidence touching theMatter in queltion, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners to impofe any Fine not exceeding Fifty Shillings on fuch Perfon or Perfons; and in cafe fuch Fine (hall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine (hall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under.the Hands and,Seals of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Fine when fo paid, levied, or recovered, (hall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe Inftance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons (hall have been iffued ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Offender to fome one of the Common Gaols or Houfes of Correftion within the Weftern Divifion of the faid County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

to

XXIII. And

47° GE ORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap.40.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe it fhall at any Time during the Hearing of any Caufe in the faid Court appear by the Oath of any Perfon or Perfons to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commiflioners prefent at the Court at which fuch Caufe fhall be heard, that fuch Debtor or Debtors is or are unable, from bicknefs or unavoidable Accident, to pay and difcharge the Debt or Debts for which he, fhe, or they (hall have been fo fummoned, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the faid Commiflioners affembled at any fuch Court or Courts as aforefaid, to fufpend orfuper-fede the Proceedings in fuch Caufe, until it fhall, upon like Proof as aforefaid, appear to the Court that fuch Debtor or Debtors fhall be able to pay fuch Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforefaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof 4in anyvufe notwithftanding.

-S3CfV: And be it further enaCled, That in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums ot Money whatfoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, fhall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Afiiftant, Labourer, or any other Perfon whomfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Aflift-ant, Labourer, or other Perfon, to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the faid Court, in the fame Manner as if he or fhe were of full Age; and the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court are hereby au-thorifed’ and required to take Cognizance^ of and proceed in all Caufes concerning fuch Debts in the fame Manner, and fhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were all of full Age.

XXV. And be it further ena&ed. That in any Caufe, Action, or Cafe where the faid Commiflioners fhall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court to award Execution either againft the Body or Goods of the Party againft whom fuch Order or Decree fhall be made, anti thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the faid Court, at the Prayer of the Party profecuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to iflue a Precept under his Hand and.Seal, by way of Capias[ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court, who by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body of fuch Party, fhall and may and is hereby empowered to take fuch Party, being within the Jurifdicfion of the faid Court, and carry him, her, or them to fome one the Common Gaols or Houfes of Correftion as aforefaid, there to remain until he, fhe, or they fhall perform and obey fuch Order, Decree, or Judgement for the Space or Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed ; and in cafe any fuch Precept fhall be iffued upon Execution againft the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, fuch Serjeant fhall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, being within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money andCofts as fhall be fo ordered decreed, or adjudged ; and if the Party againft whofe Body or Goods any fuch Execution fhall be awarded, and Procefs thereupon iflue, fhall

755

Comtniflion ers to fufpend Proceedings in Ca es where Debtors are ill, or unable to pay 111*

Debt-

Debts due to Pertons under Aje may be recovered.

*4

Commi/fion-*rs may award Execution again it the Body or Goods.

756

H ca'e Par-abfcoud < r fccecte tlieir Goods.

Prrcf f< not to iflue 2-

gamt'l ths Body, Goods, or Chattels of the f mo Pei foil.

Record of J idgemenr. may be ie-inoved Into the Superior Com t, and Wiit of Execution illue (hereon.

4.70 G EO P. G11 III. ScflV 2. Cap. 40.

by abfeonding or by feercting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or EifeQ: of any fuch Execution, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in the laid Court, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Wicnelks, at their Dilcrerion to award further Execution either againlt the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, and Prccefs lliali iflue thereupon, and be ferved by one ol the Serjeants of the faid Court in Manner aforelaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lhall be fully paid and fatisfied ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners from Time to Time, in cafe they lhall think fit for the Eafe and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorifed and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by fe-veral Payments or Inftalments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions as may appear reafonable and juft to them the faid Commiflioners for the Eafe of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, in cafe any Default or Faliure of any fuch Payments or Inftalments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, or directed lhall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, at.the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant or Defendants, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons who may have given Security to the laid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs under the Directions of the faid Commiflioners for'the Payment of fuch Inftalments in Manner aforelaid, for the whole Debt or luch Part thereof as lhall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Coils as to them lhall 1'eem juft and reafonable, and luch Debt, or fuch Part thereof, and fuch further Cofts, fhall be tecovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Cofts full decreed.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall not be Lawful to or for the fait! Commiflioners to iflue any Procefs againft the,Goods and Chattels of any Defendant or Defendants in any Cafe or Cates where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decyee lhall have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Body or Bodies of. the lame Defendant or Defendants.

XXVII.	And as it may happen that Perfons fervedlwith Ptocefs iffuing out of the Did Court of Requefts may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Perfons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Juiifdiction of the laid Court, be it therefore enacted, That in all Cales where a final Decree or Judgement for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings lhall have been obtained in the faid Court, it Hull and may be lawful to and for any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at Weft nil njlcr funon Affidavit made and filed of luch Decree or Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Perfon or Perfons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Go.ids and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution being iffuert againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effects (as the Cafe may be') cf the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perlcn or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurif'di&ion of the faid

Court,

757

4-7* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.40.

Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Jud;re or Commiflioner authorized to take Affidavits, to caufe the Record of the faid Decree or Judgement to be removed into fuch Superior Court, and to iffue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff ®f any County City, Liberty, or Place, againfl thePcrfon orPer'ons or Eff <fts of the Defendant or Defendant, in the fame Manner as upon Judgements obtained in any of the laid Courts at Weftminftcr ; and the Sheriff upon every fuch Execution lhall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum ofTwenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame our of the Effects according to the Nature of the Execution for the extraordinary Cofls of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the faid Court, over and above the Money for which fuch Execution fhall be iffued.

X*¥8I. And be it further enadled, That upon each and every Precept Chrkto into be iffued upon Execution awarded againfl the Body or Goods and Chattel* of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, the Cicrk of the faid the p.ecept, / Court for the Time being fhall indcrfe or caufe to be indorfed the Sum ptl.* ld !l> or Sums of Money, and the Colls fo ordered, decreed, and adjudged, cowt before and if the Party or Parties againfl whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded relpe&ively, fhall, before any adlual Sale of the Goods and Chat- f»Peiieded. tcls, or before he, fhe, or they is or are appreheH?d, or before the Expiration of tire Term of his, her, or their Imprilomment as herein-mentioned. pay or caufe to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk, tor the Time being of the faid Court fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofls, together with the Fee or Fees herein diredled to be paid to fuch Clerk, as a C^ mpi-nfaticn for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofls, then and in every fuch Cafe the Execution (hall befu-perfedeff and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the faid Party or Parties fhaii bed IE barged and fet at Liberty.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That the Keeper or Keepers for the pen,itv 0n Time being of the feveral Common Gaols or Houles of Coriection K-eperof within the faid Weftern Divifion of the faid County of Kent fhall and he hrf* and they is and aTe hereby required to receive and take iuto his or their 01111“ Cuflody refpeclively, all and every Perfon or Perfons who lhall fie committed, or ordered toftand committed, under or by virtue of this Act; and in cale the Keeper or Keepers of any fuch Gaol or Prifon fhall negleCl orrefufe to reeeiveand takeintohis ortheirCullody anyPerlon or Perfons foccmmitted, or fh ill, beforetheExpirationoftheTime for which any Perfon or Perfons fhall te committed to his or their Cuflody, difeharge luch Ferfon or Perfons out of his or their Cuflody, and wilfully luffcr fuch Perfon or Perfons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpole in Writing figned in Court b\ the faid Coinmiffioners or any Three or more of them, fuch Keeper „nd Keepers refpeClively fo offending in either of the faid Cafes, and beii g thereof convicted before anyOne or more of His Majefty’s Juflicts > f the Peace for the faki County of Kent, or for the faid Corpo-ration of Gravefend and Milton, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witueffes (which Oath fuch Juflice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to admiaifler!, or upon his or their own Cenkfiion, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the faid Jultice or Juftices and in cafe fuch Sum fhall not be immediately paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending into the Hands ot the faid Jultice or Juftices before TL«c Per.]	9 F	whom

35#	'	4-7°	GEOK.GI I III. Sefl.2. Gap.\o.

whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be convifted, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum fhall be levied by Diftreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juflice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender or Offenders after deducting the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and fuch Forfeitures when fo paid levied, or recovered, fhall be diflributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act diredted to be diflributed ; and in cae fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Jullice or Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction as aforefaid for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture and all Colts and Cnarges attending fuch Conviction, be fooner paid and difcharged.

NoPiiv'ifpe XXX. AnJ be it further enaCted, That no Pivilege (hall be allowed tc Attcrnic'd t0 exempt any Perfon liable to he fummoned by virtue of this ACt from the JurifdiCtion of the laid Court of Requefts on Account of his being a fworu Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Ma-jeftv’s Courts of Record at Wefimmfier, or of any other Court whatloever but that all fu b Attomies. Solicitors, and other Officers {hall be fubjcCt to the feveral Pioceffes, Orders, judgements, and Executions of the faid Court of Rc'.,uefls in the fame Manner as any other Perfon or Perlons is and are lubjeCt to the fame.

NnAu r er, XXII. And be itfu'ther enafled. That no fuch Attornev, Solicitor, MGhcitcr, or Scrivener, or any Perfon pnCfifing the Law, ffiad be permuted to appear po'fiii r cf01 in the faid C urr of Requefts as an Attorney, So.ici or, or Advocate for tut L yi to or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perron, to fpeak c,iienAliVU before the jaidt ourr in any Caule, Action, or Matter in which fuch At-ro nev. Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himfeltaP r'yor Witnefs;and in cafe aii' Attorney,Solicitor,cfirScrivener fhall appear in the faidCuurt of Requeits as an Attorney, Solicitor, or advocate for or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or fpeak before the faid Court in any Caufe, Action, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himfelf a Party or W itnds, then and in every luch Cafe fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending, fh.,11 for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Founds, on being convidted thereof before any One or more of IJis Majcfty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County •or Corporation aforefaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Jullice and Juftices is and are hereby auihoiized and required to adininifter), or on his own Confeffion ; and in cafe inch Sum of Money fhall not be paid forthwith by the Perfon or Perfors fo offending into the Hands of the (aid Jullice or Juftices be-f .r bom fuch Offender fhall be convicted, then and in every fuch Cafe luch Sum of Money fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Sea’s of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducting fuch Fine or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and fuch Fine or Forfeiture, when fo paid levied or recovered, (hall be diflributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be diltr.buted.

XXXII. And

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2; Cap, 40.	759

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Fees hereinafter be limited and expreffcd, and no other, lhall be taken by the Clerks,

Serjeants and Crier, for their feveral and refpe&ive Services in the Execution of this Ad, for the Recovery of all Sums not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Amount of the Sum recovered ; that is to fay:	•~"

	Not exceed-	Not cxceed-^Not exceed-	
	ingao	ing l-'orty	ing live
	Shilling*.	Shilling*	Pounds.
To the CLERK	s, d.	s* d.	i. d.
Entering every Cafe - #	« 3	I 0	i 6
Illuing ev-*ry Summons •	o 3	o 6	1 o
Entering or drawing up the Judge-")			
meat. Decree, or Order - f		o 9	
Paying Money into Court, and entering ")			
the fame i.i his Book - -J	° 3		
Paying Money b) Liftalments -	o 6	I o	i 6
liming Subpoena -	0 3	o 9	i 6
Illuing every Attachment, Precept, Or-")			
der, or Execution - »J	o 6	I 0	2 O
Acknowledging Satisfaction	o 3	o 6	o 9
For everv Nocfuit	o 6	1 0	2 O
Every S arch in the B vok	O 2	o 3	o 6
Swearing every Witneis	0 2	o 4	o 6
To the CRIER.			
For calling every Caufe	0 I	0 2	0 7
For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant -	O I	0 2	0 2
For every Heari. g	O 2	o 3	o 4
For every Nonmit	° 3	o 4	Q 6
To the SERGEANTS.			
Serving every Summons,Order, orSub-A			
poena in the Town of Gravesend, or >	o 4	o 6	I o
Town of Durtfsrd - . - J			
If outot theTown :<jravtfend, orTown 1			
of Dr.rtford, for every Mile extra -J	O 2	° 3	O 4
Execut.on of every Warrant, Precept,			
or Attachment, againll the Goods (	o 6	I o	2 O
or Body - - -			
If out of the Town of Gravcfcnd, or')			
Town of Dartford for evei y Mile >	O 2	0 3	0 4
extra - . -)			

And the faid Commiflioners Ihall and they are hereby required to hang

up and affix or caul'e to be hung up and affixed a Table of all fuch Fees in lome conrpicuous Part of the laid Court or Place of Meeting of the

faid

760

T>mc of Im* prfnmeni of D btors limited.

A-y Dehtor

concealing Money or Good1, the Time of his Imo* i'oi.irent lhal’ be enlarged.

/The Time of lm^. ifoi rnent Shall b«. frpa y?telv and fuc-ceflivv'ly f r tach Execution.

47" CjE ORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap.40.

raid Commiflioners in order that all Perfons concerned may be enabled to perufe the fame.

XXXI I. And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons whom, foever (hall be committed to Prifon by Order of the faid Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Cuftody on any Pretence what-foever (except in the Cafes hereinafter provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon than is or are hereinafter limited (that is to fay) where the Debt fexcb five ofColts)d6es not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings then he, (he, or they (hall not be kept or continued in Cufiody for more than Twenty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days, and where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) is above Forty Shillings and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) is above ThreePounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds then not more than Eighty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cods) is above Four Pounds, and does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the faid Keeper or Keepers of tire faid Gaol or Prifon is and are hereby directed and required to difeharge fuch Perfons accordingly,

XXXIV.	And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons fum-moned for Debt to the faid Court from fraudulently concealing their Money, Goods or Effects ; be it therefore enacted, That in cafe, upon the Summons of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the laid Court, Information of any fuch fraudulent Concealment (hall be given, fuch Court (hall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fact ; and in cafe it lhall he proved to their Satisfaftion upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefi or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifler), then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court toenlarge the aforefaid Timeof Imprilon-mtnt ot fuch Debtor to any Period in Addition thereto not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Perlons who fhal! be taktn in Execution; under or by virtue of any Proofs iHu.ng frcin or <. nt ot the faid Court of Requells, and who at the Tim. of his, her, or their being taken into Cultody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, (hall have more than one Execution againlt him, her or thun in the laid Courr, lhall be imprifoned the Time by this Act limited lor arid in refpeft of fuch Execution, and after the Time fo limited in the firlt Execution is expired the Imprifonment on the Second Execution lhall commence, and aiter the Time fo limited on the Second Execution is expired the Imprifonment on the Third Execution lhall commence, and fo on until he, (he, or they lhall have been imprifoned the Time by this Act limited for and in refpe& of each Separate Execution to beiffued againfl him, her, or them in the faid Court previous to his. her, or their being taken into Cultody, or during his, her, or their Impriionmtnr; any Law, Statute, or Ulage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithlfanding.

5

XXXVI. And,

47° GEORG 11 III. SeflTa: Cup, 40.	/Or

XXXVI.	And be it further enafled, That each and every Perfon iffl-prifoned by virtue of this Adi, fhall, on the Expiration or Itis or her GaolPeci. Time of Imprifonment, be difehargedand fet at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratu ty whatfoever to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or 1 urnkeys of the Prifon to which he or fhe (hall have been committed, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Difcharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatfoever ; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of fuch Prifon, or any other Perfon whomfoever, (hall demand, take, or receive any fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his ot their Charge or Cullody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Prifoners, after the Time by this Act limited for his. her, or their Imprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two Juftices of the Peace for jufticesmy the faid County or Corporation, to hear and determine every fuch ^rQ®.*lc*. Offence ; and fuch Two Juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them, of fuch Offence having been committed (in cafe fuch Information (hall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to fummon the Party accufed, and alfo the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Facl, and, upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Conftffion of the Party accufed, to give Judgement or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, to iffuc a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying fuch Penalty and Forfeiture by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus ('if any), after deducting fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, aud the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cafe fuffident Diftrefs (hall not be found, it (halt and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to fome one of the Common Gaols or Houfes of Correction as afordai4, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Conviction, fcefoorier paid and difeharged ; and one Moiety of fuch penalty or Fotfei-ture, when paid or received, (hall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for tire fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the faid Ccmmiffioners 5 and the fame (hall be by the faid Com-niiffioners diftnbuted amongft the Poor of the feveral Parilhes and Places within the Jurifdnltion of the faid Court, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to the faid Commifiioners lhall feem right and proper.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants Servant ot other Officer or Officers of the faid Court, employed to ferve any hbSnuty m> Execution (hall, by wilful Neglect, Omiflion, or Connivance, oaufe or pay tl>* fuffer the Party againft whom fuch Execution (hall be awarded to efcape Uebt‘ or abfeond, or the Goods of fuch Party to be carried away or feertteu, lo that fuch Execution (hall not have its due Effeft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, upon Complaint and due I roof thereof made qpon the Oath or Oaths of Ohc or more credible ILoc'. tar Per.]	9	Q	Witnefs

762	4-/°	GEORG	11 III. Seff. 2.	Cap. 40.

Witnefs or Witneffes, to order fuch Serjeant or other OiHcer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded, ro the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of his, her, or their Debt or Debts ; and it (hall and may be lav ful to and for tne faid Commiffioners and thev are hereoy enabled to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds far every fuch Offence, on fuch Serjeant or S r. jeants, Officer or Officers; and fuch Fine, if not forthwith paid, fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Fine, and the Colts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and inch Fine, when fo levied and recovered, fhall be paid to and diftributed by the faid Commiffioners, in fuch Shares and Pioponions and in fuch Manner amongft the Poor of the feveral P-.nines and P aces within tne Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, as they the faid Commiffioners may think fit and proper.

freer*	XXXVIII.	And	be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Serjeant, or

Fee^efict-s Crier, or any other Officer or Servant employed b> the fam Commif-the Fees ai. fioners in putting this Aft or any of the Powers thereof in Execution Aft'tolcfe* exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward what . ever, other than his situation and except fuch Fees as are appointed and ail wed to them reipeftively FinePiy *	^ virtue of this Aft, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done

under or by virtue thereof, or on any Account hath ever relative to putting this Aft into Execution, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall upon Conviftion thereof before the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings or upon Verdift or Judgement being had againlt him in inch Acti->n as i	next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incapable of lerving or being

employed under this Aft in any Office of Profit or Emolument, amt fhall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Ptrfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame by Aftion of Lebr, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wtjiminfttr, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence cornu itted, in which Suit no Effoign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlauce ____ lhall be allowed.

clerk or Ser- XXXIX. And be it further enafled, That if any Clerk or Serjeant formiugiuT* °f lhe faid Court fhall negleft to iffue or ferve any Summons in the due Duty may be or proper Time for ferving the fame, or fhall be guilty of any Negleft removed. or Mifbehaviour, or otherwife mifeonduft himfelf in the Execution of his Office, then and in every fuch Cafe, upon Conn laint made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, in open Court, to hear and enquire into the Matter of fuch Negleft, Mifbehaviour, or Mifeonduft, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes ; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners on fuch Hearing and Enquiry, that fuch Clerk or Serjeant has been guilty of fuch Negleft, Mifbehaviour, or Mifeonduft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered to fufpend or remove the faid Clerk or Serjeant fo offending from his faid Office, and nominate or appoint fome other fit and able Perfon to exercife the faid'Office in the place or (lead of the Officer fo removed.

4

XL. And

47° GEORGil III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 40.

XL. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the Paid Corr.miffioners in 1 ’ any Adtion, Caufe, or Matter depending in the Paid Court of Requells, or before any Jultice or Jultices of the Peace ailing in Execution of this Act, (hall wilfully, and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or (hall wilfully arid corruptly fwear any Matter or Thing which lhall be falfe or un rue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convidled thereof. Avail be and mtf is hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force and effett, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjedt and liable to.

XLL And be it further enadted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in„ contemptuoufly and wilfully infult or abufe all or any of the faid Commif- Dr Mi ? ofTe.ed fioners, or any of the Officers of the faid Couit for the Time being, during wtbe Court his or their Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or ffiall interrupt or obftrudfthe Proceedings of the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Seijeants of the faid Court, with or without the AfMance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by Order of the faid Commiffioners, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody, and the faid Commiffioners lhall then examine into fuch Infult,

Abufe, or Milbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge ot what paffed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnel’s or Witneffes, and upon fuch Infult, Abufe, or Milbehaviour being duly proved as aforefaid, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby anthorized and empowered to impofe a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every fuch Offence, on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders, and in cafe fuch E'ine lhall not be forthwith paid, the fame lhall and may be levied and recovered by Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Fine and the Cods and Charges of fuch Dillrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and the faid Fine, when fo paid, levied, or recovered, Aiall be paid to and diftributed by the Commiffioners in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner, amonglt the Poor of the feveral Parilhes and Places within the Jurifdidtion ot the faid Court, as they the faid Commiffioners lhall think fit and proper -t and in cafe fufficient Dillrefs lhall not be found, it lhall and may be lawful lor anv Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to fome one of the Gaols or Houfes of Correction as atorefaid, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any verdiai a Debt recoverable by virtue of this A£t in the faid Cout: of Requelts, lhall be commenced in any other Court whatfoever, or tlfewhere than in Cov. a ,ie!n" the faid Court of Requelts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Plaintiff or thlI> n°* n-Plaintiffs in fuch Aftion or Suit Aiall not, by reafon cl a Verdift for him, cotff }*and if her, or them, or otherwife, have or be emited to any Colts whatfoever, Verdi tfor and if the Verdict Aiall be given lor the Defendant or Defendants in fuch heihaUbe'* Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the fame lhall be e. eitied to tried or heard lhall think fit to certify that luch I'ebt ought to have been CoIls* recovered in the faid Court of Requelts, then and in every fuch Cafe luch Defendant or Defendants lhall have Cults and fuch Remedy lor recovering

the

764. N

Nothing in the Ail contained to pievent Per-fdnt from diftraining tor Kent.

Statute of Limitations may be pleaded.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

47® GfiORGIl III. Seff. 2. Cap. 4a.

ihe fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Coils, in any Cafes by Law, and no Aftion or Suit which (hall be commenced or profecuted in the faid Court of Requefts, in purfuance of this Aft, nor any Proceedings therein, fhall or may be removed into any fupc-rior Court by Certiorari, or any other Wtit or Procefs whatfoev. r, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Cafe or Cafes where the Deiendant or Defendants fhall have removed himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or his, her, or their Effefts out of the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, after a Decree or Judgement, but every fuch Decree and judgement (hall be final and cmclufive between the Parties to ail Intents and Purpofes whatloevcr ; Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be con-flrued to extend, fo as to prevent or reflrain any Perfon from diftraining for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame fhall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLIII. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requefts, be it further enafted. That all Defendants in the faid Court fhall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in force and effeft, and every Defendant fo pleading or claiming that! have and receive fuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this Aft had not been made, and lie, (he, or they had been fued for the fame Debt or other Caufe of Action in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wtjtminjler, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in Bar to the Action or Suit.

XL,IV. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Aft impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whfte* of is not hereby otherwi'e particularly directed) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offendersby Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or moreof the faid C ommiflioners, (which faid Warrant fuch Commifiioners are hereby empowered to grant), upon the Confeflion of the Party or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned, upon De» mand, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting fuch Fines and Penalties and the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwife applied) fhall be paid to the Clerk to the faid Commifiioners, and fhall be by the faid Commifiioners diftributed among the Poor of the fcveral Parifhes and Places within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court of Requefts in fuch Shares and Proportions and in fuch Manner as the faid Commifiioners or any Three or more of them fhall think right and proper ; and in Cafe fufiicieot Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorifed and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seal* to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to any one of the common Gaols or Houfes of Correction for the faid Weftern Divifion of the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Maiuprife for any Time not exceeding Three Calender Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, fand all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be foonerpaii and fatisfied.

XLV. And

47° GEORG II lit. Seff. 2. Cap. 40.	765

XLV. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where any Convic- f°r.m of c°n' tion lhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Aft, v “1 the Form of Conviftion fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to fay,

‘ T>E it remembered, That on this	Day of	in	the

*	Year of the Reign of	A. B. is convifted

*	before	of	His	Majefty’s	Juftices	of	the	Peace	for

‘	[or	before	of	the Commiflioners for the Recovery

« of Small Debts	in the County of Kent] of having

*	[as the Offence Jhall fc]; and I [or We] the faid	do ad-

‘ judge him [her or them] toforfeit and pay for thefametheSum of

*	fuch Offence being contrary to the Provifions of an Aft, made in the ‘ Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

*	[here infert the T>tle of the Afl]. Given under my Hand and Seal 4 [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid/

XLVL And be it further enafted. That where any Difhefs (hall be n'ftrefonrt made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft the Dif- wamoiiu-m. trefs itfelf lhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any De-feft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviftion, War-rant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which lhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by luch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaftion for the fpccial Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe.

X LVII. And be it further enafted. That no Older, Verdift, Affeffment, proceeding* or Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any	^

of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviftion of wamlfForm, any Offender or Offenders againft this Aft, (hall be quaftied or vacated ™'ebher(mov' for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or by certiorari, any other Writ or Procefs whatloevcr into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywiie notwithftanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall pisi„tUFnot recover in any Aftion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons recover for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, unlels Notice in Writing "^orator fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days Temtn ot before fuch Aftion be commenced of fuch intended Aftion, figned by AmeiK“-the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs lpecifying the Caufe of fuch Aftion ; nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court, after fuch Aftion (hall have been brought at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Pro-cee lings. Order, and Judgement (hall be made and given in and by [Loc. & Per.]	9	H	fuch

766

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.40.

fuch Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Aiiiont'0" &f XLIX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Adion or Suit L ’ fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed j and every fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elfewhere ; and if any fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought before Forty-two Days Notice fhall have been given, or after fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fhall 6nd for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demmurrer Judgement fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofls, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Compenls-tion to be inaile to the Clerk of the Corporation of Oravel'end

L. And whereas there is an ancient Court of Record holden before the Mayor and Three Jurats of the faid Corpotation of Gravefind and Milton : And whereas the Clerk of the faid Court who holds his Office for the Term of his natural Life, will fuftain fome Lofs by this prefent Ad unlefs a Compenfation fhall be made to him for the fame, be it therefore enaded, That the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Court of Requefts for the Time being, fhall and they are hereby required, out of the Fees limited or to be limited to him and them by viitue of this prefent Ad, to pay or caufe to be paid unto John Mills Evans, the Clerk of the faid Court, as a Compenfation for the Lofs he will fuftain in his faid Office by this prefent Ad, for and during the Term of his natural Life, the yearly Sum of Four Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain (tree and clear of and from all Charges and Dedudions whatfoever), to be paid to him yearly and every Year in four equal Proportions, at or upon the feveral Feaft Days following (that is to fay), on the Feaft of the Nativity of our Lord, the Feaft of the Annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, the Feaft of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptift, and the Feaft Day of Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions, the firft Payment thereof to begin and be made at or upon the Feaft Day of Sainc Michael the Archangel, next after the palling of this Ad: Provided always, that if the faid Annuity (hall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Ten Days after the fame fhall become due, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Clerk to recover the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVejiminJler, by Adion of Debt, or Adion of Aflumpfit, for Money had and received to his and their Ufe, which Adion ihall and may be brought againft the faid Clerk or Clerks of the faid Court of Requefts for the Time being when the fa d Annu ty (hall be fo due.

lights eff Courtot Record and P.;-rifhes of Gravefend •ad. M !ton,

LT. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend fo as to affed, leffen, prejudice, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Francfffes, Liberties, Powess, or Jurifdidion of the faid Court of Record,

but





k

*

!k

s„

IJ8t

*18

«5t

tig

Si)

it, 3

9*

i?u

a®

sie

!£•

iiiai

iOc

prds

it lb

!qx.

litis

alii

ihtis

iOk

iit, a eeii e pit IB

of 8 Viip 1U 0,2 in?

1 if:

4

*i‘

•&

tti>

.*

&

it?

1

ii

470 GEORG 11 III. Seff. f. Cap. 40.	767

but that the fame, and all other the Rights and Privileges of the Mayor,	af*

Jurats, and Inhabitants of the Villages and Parifhes of Gravefend and this Act/ Milton (hall remain and continue in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if this Act had not been made.

:	r.-.a‘l	yn.	hzatnaimoo	si	Iteill

L1I. And be it further enafted, That this Act (hall be deemed and PubliekAct. taken to be a Publick Act. and (hall be judicially taken Notice of a* fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecialiy pleaded.

.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's mod Excellent Majefty. 1807.

i *> f-i»u UK li stedi	baA.	.J

teicqwQ . Lc	Cnc-roy	M	adj

iuoj bin. 3.I to -rii.O s Jttgafa L>f • r.- TA aniol nkfbt lliw ,ati.I V*id to mtsT srit tot 1 tot mid oj r.tjifTi sd ll^tfT tf'VttnaqrnoD a akdr>» ft A, viftl sdj In tdv.j to tiiy) art I ted 1 jbsfitna a tot Errs licrfl .gnisd soriTsib rot suliiv yd ntorij^qj imimil.ad oj



77a

oiiKt Lieq sd oj &5u£3 -to rpt aonirlnsqmoO c gs jniiuL bna wt ,ftA lmibnj gi Jtwd to ibauoH tuo'd to mw2 II bns saytcrO f(a morl bn& t< ai 1*9Y ynv> bns yltasy c ----- -jrjMr --	«* i|) gmwollot avj,a fl»;i Iht,

:	I	3	:'"ht!uv	.	u-. -irfl to fbssl eii .ItoJ tou 10 v;

C-/' V ** ‘	5"»3to ytifittM sdl to fl»3 wfj

a? :xlj’	b:is	n:.vc JagaerisiA 3d; YjsAmIA Jni*3 \

”'u. qo ta	tst yi bn* u;p*id . lasted: Jnsmya

*	•>	tiU n t;' 1X40 ,l3Jjna.' -A ads	3C|

J -‘r'" *- A ■ “ ■	'( jnoA bud ads ii t;di jivi -

t nodi	oa?d	U, -ittfil arfr tatlc gyrH aaTto jj ig

••	>&8	to s-n-05	j I. n, S sm/Ydf

1 ■** T8n'j1'- e*	wiiA	10	r,dv	'	•	,iA

!j fln.cyc Jiijjcoid ed bos llmfl aoi&A ^jiitv.nVj ,

1	•	i	uft	Jo'ituoD	bui	r./J	1	to	»	rj|-y

.sub 61 ed '	.-ni	*,	£j	?ifj

iSl'jtut )i ad fans .SYBWIC ftafci’Jr. r1? JJ 9	;iT.iO*i	ft	A

cq ol



I sdl ■'tJsWf

■ ysO ! (hit B to •vot*!

’t -rot

.. T.; .	•.	-	'a:.

eimdij









- • ■ ■ • I’" r	.

.



-	‘	•	i	.	■	o\i.	igi	.,+■

. . .	•	•	• • r ' •	'	•	■	■■	:	i

; ■ ■ ' ' ■ ' ■ - ■■ '•

v 1 ; ‘

:„r - «AV -> -

!. ' -V ■ !; s :	.	v.'	’	i	14	I	Z

-~t	"	■	C.‘	i

1 . •



?j ifi V. - ^ /^*^V 1









\% * !•’ -









i	■

		■
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
# % •'		
^ m.		









ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

Cap. 41.

An Att for continuing Three Adis, of the Sixth Year of King George the Firft, in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the Town of Burntijland and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increafing the public Revenue of the faid Town.

[ift Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Firft, intituled. An Ad for laying a Duty of 6 G. 1. Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the Town of Bumt-ifland and Liberties thereof, for increafing the public Revenue of the faid Town, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, whereby a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and above the Duty of Excife) was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold within the Town of Burntifland and Liberties thereof, the faid Duty to be applied to the Purpofes, and levied in Manner mentioned in the faid Aft, which was to have Continuance from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and twenty, for the Term of Twenty-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seftion of Parliament: And whereas by another Aft, paffed id [Lor. itf Per.]	9	/	the

f

77°

20 G. 2,

17 G. $.

The Duty granted by recited Adis fliallbe further continued.

Beer for private Ufcnot liable to Duty.

47® GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 41.

the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Ad for reviving and continuing an Ad, paffid in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majefly King George the Firji, intituled. An Ad for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or Qne-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the Town of Burniiflaud or Liberties thereof for increafing the public Revenue of the faid Town, and for other Purpcfes therein mentioned, the laid former Aft, and all the Duties, Powers, Authorities, and Claufes therein contained (except fuch as are thereby altered and varied) were revived and made payable, and continued in full Force and Lfleft, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and forty-feven, for and during the further Term of 1 hjrty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sellion of Parliament: And whereas by another Aft, pafled in the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Ad for continuing Two Ads, made in the Sixth Tear of the Rdgn of King George the Firfl, and in the Twentieth Tear of the Reign of His late Majejly, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the Town of Burnt-ifland and Liberties thereof for increafing the public Revenue of the faid Town, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, the faid former Afts, and all the Duties, Powers, and Authorities therein contained, were further continued and made payable for the Term of Thirty-one Years, from and after the Expiration of the Term gr anted by the faid lafl-mentioned Aft, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament: And whereas the Purpofes for which the faid Duty was granted and continued cannot be completed within the Term given by the laid Afts (which have now but afjiortTinre to run); and as a Prolongation of the laid Afts would be of great Advantage to the Community of the faid Borough of Burntifland, and to the Public ; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that k may be enafted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the lmpofition or Duty granted and made payable by the faid Afts, upon Ale or Beer that lhall be either brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold within the faid Town and Privileges thereof, lhall, from and after the Expiration of the Term granted by the faid lall-recited Aft, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, be further continued, raifed, levied, collected, paid, and made payable to the Provolt, Magiltrates, and Town Council of the Borough of Bumt-ifiand, and their Succeffors in Office, for the Time being, and their AflignSy or to fuch Collectors or Receivers as lhall at any Time, during the Continuance of this prefent Act, be by them, or the major Part of them, appointed and empowered, for the Ufe of the Community of the faid Burgh.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That no Perfon refiding within the faid Borough of Burniifiand or Liberties thereof, lhall at any Time, during the Continuance of this Aft, beJiable in Payment of or chargeable with the aforefaid Duty by this Aft laid and made payable, for any Quantity or Quantities of Ate or Beer brewed by fuch Perfon for the private Ufe of his or her own Family, and not for Sale,' unlefs fuch Perfon be an aftual Brewer of Ale or Beer for Sale, tir a Vender, Tapper, or Seller of Ale or Beer, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwitbftanding.

III. And

4 7° GEORGII III. Seflf.2. Cap.41.

III.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That the aforefaid Impofition or Duty (hah, during the Term herein-after mentioned, be raifed, levied, and collected from the fame Perfons, and by the fame Means and Methods, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the fame Ufes and Purpofes; and that the Provoft, Magiftrates, and Town Council, and their Succeffors, for the Time being, be and continue Truftees for fuch Application, with the fame Powers, and fubjeft to the fame Rules and Directions, as are mentioned and prefcribed in the fiid recited Acts; and that the faid ACts, and every Article, R.ule, Claufe, Matter, and Thing therein contained, (hall be of the fame Force and EffeCt, to all Intents and Pu'pofes, for raifmg, collecting, fecuring, and levying the faid Impofition or Duty, and for applying the fame to the Ufes and Purpofes mentioned in the faid ACts, fo far as thele are not already executed, for and during the additional 1 erm of Years for which the fame are hereby granted, as if the faid above recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefent ACt, except as is herein-after mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the Authority1 aforefaid, That from and after the Commencement of this prefent ACt, and during the Continuance thereof, it (hall not be lawful for any Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the faid Borough of Burntijland and Liberties thereof, to import or fell any Beer or Ale into or in the faid Borough and Liberties thereof, unlefs, he, (lie, or they do previoufly give Notice to the Magiftrates of the faid Borough, or their Collector of the faid Duty, at his Office or Dwelling Houfe, and agree to be fubjeCted to and charged with the Payment of the faid Duty, for all the Beer and Ale which (hall be brewed by fuch Brewer or Seller of Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the faid Borough or Liberties thereof, for and during the Space of one whole Year next after and immediately following the Date of fuch Notice and Agreement made to and with the Magiftrates of the faid Borough of Burntijland, or their faid Collector, and fo long thereafter as fuch Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer (hall continue to import or fell Ale or Beer into or in the faid Borough, and Liberties thereof, without having given fuch previous Notice, and agreed as aforefaid, being thereof duly convicted before any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, (hall be charged with and liable to the Payment of the faid Duty to the Provoft, Magiftrates, and Town Council of the faid Borough, or their Collector, for all Ale or Beer brewed by him or her for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months immediately preceding his or her committing fuch Offence, and thereafter fo long as he or (he (hall continue to import or fell Ale or Beer into or in the faid Borough, within the aforefaid Term of Years for which the prefent Term is granted.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the paffing of this prefent ACt, William FerguJJbn of Raitb, William Wemyfs of Wemyfs, Claud Bofeuell of Balmuto, James Trrxnfend Ofvald ol Dun-nikicr, William Wemyfs of Cutlehill, James Rutkerfoord of Glendovan, James Stuart of Dunearn, Efquires, the Knight of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgefs to ferve in Parliament for the Time being, for the Difti iCt of Boroughs

whereof

771

How the Duties fhall be levied.

No Beer or Ale to be imported without giving Notice to the Magiftrates of the Borough, See.

Oeerfeers of the Duty.

77* .

Public AS.

Commencement and Continuance of the Aft.

’	47°	GEORGII III. Seflf. 2. Cap.41.

whereof Burntijland is one, or any Three or more of them, Ihall be and are hereby appointed Overfeers of the Impofition or Duty hereby continued and granted, in place and (lead of the Overfeers appointed by the above recited Afts, and fliall have and are hereby verted with the fame Powers, and under the fame Regulations, as are in and by the faid recited Afts granted and given to the faid former Overfeers, any Thing in the faid former Afts contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That this Aft Ihall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft Ihall commence from and after the parting thereof, and Ihall remain in force during the Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majerty. 1807.



.W	.	..

•I* .*	,	T'if	*>,	L

\

»fei

elesi

*tei

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****♦****•♦****************#************•***'********•*

An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of the Twenty-fecond Year of His late Majefty, and the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife.

\^fHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-fecond Year ofrhe 2zG.:.c.ij.

y Reign of his Majefty King George the Second, intituled “ An “ Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of “ a Penny Stirling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which (hall “ br brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the Town 14.0.3,0.28. “ of Kvnghorn and Liberties thereofAnd whereas another Act was paffed in the f ourteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty inticuled, “ An Act to continue an Act made in the Twenty-fecond “ Year of the Reign of his la:e Majefty King George the Second, for “ Lying a Duty of Two Pennies Sects, or One-fixth Part of a Penny “ Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which (hall be “ brewce. for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of

usa,

?■

SefT. 2

[ift Angujl 1807.]

[_L:c. c_f Per.]

9*

Kingborn,

773

Doty granted

by the faid Att revived and fur.her continued.

Extending the Powers of former Afts to this Aa.

Overfccrs.

47' GEORG II III. Sefl*. 2, Cap. 42.

“ Kingborn, and Liberties theteofAnd whereas the faid Acts expired at the End of thelaft Seflion of Parliament, and thePurpofes for which the laid Duty was granted and continued cannot be completed unlefs the fai l Acts are revived, and further continued, which would be of great Advantage to the Community of the faid Borough of Kingborn, and to the Publick : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it mav he enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, bv and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament af-fcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid Acts pafled in the Twenty-lecond Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall from and after the Twenty-feventh Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feven be revived and the fame are hereby revived, and the Impofirion or Duty granted and made payable by the faid Acts upon Ale and Beer brewed, brought into, tapped, or fold within the faid Town of Kingborn, or Liberties thereof, fhall from and after the faid Twenty-feventh Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feven be further continued, railed, levied, collected, paid and made payable to the Provoft, Magiftrates, and Town-Council of the laid Borough of Kingborn, and their Succelfors in Office for the Time being, and their Affigns, or to fuch Collectors or Receivers as fhall at any Time, during the Continuance of this prefent Act, be by them, or the major Part of them, appointed and empowered for the Ule and Behoof of the laid Borough.

If. And be it further enacted, That the aforefaid Impofition or Duty fhall, duri ig the Term hereby granted be tailed, levied and collected, from the fame Perfons, and by the lame Means and Methods, and under the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the fame Ules and Purpofes, and that the faid Provoft, Magiftrates, and Town-Council, (hall be, and continue Truf-tees, for fuch Application, with the fame Powers, and fubject to the fame joules and Directions as are mentioned and prescribed in the faid recited Acts; and that the faid Acts, and every Article, Rule, Claufe, Matter, and Thing therein contained, ffiall be of the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purpofes, for raiftng, collecting, fecuring, and levying the faid Impolicion or Duty, and for applying the fame for the Ufes and Purpofes mentioned in the faid Acts, lo far as thefe are not already executed, for and during the additional Term of Years for which the fame are hereby granted, as if the above recited Acts were particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prelent Act.

III. And be it further enacted. That from and after the piffingof this Act, William Fergujon of Rai.'b, Robert Fergufon Junior of Raitb, Claud Bo jin I of Ba'mulo, James Townjend Ojwatd of Dunnikier, the Honourable John Hope of Rankeilor, Lieutenant-General William Wemyfs of Wemyjs, David’Monypenny of Pitmiily, John Anjlruther of Air ait. Sir William F.rjkme of Tory Baronet, John Bruce of Grange Mayer, Walter Fergus of Slraibore, the Knight of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the County of Fife for the Time being, and the Burgefs to ferve in Parliament for the Time being for the Diftrict of Burghs of which

Kingborn,

774-





to

*

*

to

to

t*<

to

%

»*

||1

tto

W,lj

Mia

['<«n

ifetj

it!*

ttan;

: iiik kkj in

5»,«

: uik

jof Dr site ids, a

3f, filths Si

k Tii idrb idisa

,!fe

Efib

dims

I'fai

cits?

3f«SI

Los * i it

47*GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cty. 42.

Kingborn is one, or any Three or more of them, (hall be, and are hereby appointed Overfeers of the Impolition or Duty, hereby continued and granted, in Place and Stead of the Overfeers appointed by the above recited Acts, and lhall have, and are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as are, in and by the laid recited Acts, granted and given to the faid Overfeers thereby appointed, any Thing in the faid former Acts, to the contrary notwithllanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this Act (hall be deemed and publick Act. taken to be a Publick Act, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch,

by all Judges, Juftices, and others without being fpecially pleaded.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the faid recited Acts, and this Continsance Act, lhall continue in force for and during the further Term of Twen- of Adi. iy-five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Amdrew Strahaw, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1807.

U«f

jril

1re 0s S!*3

IIfi

t



.s.u .ftp ,s!fb8 .III ri0flOiOe>

.5 ,-j i U/.rft ,n •>••	.	•	.tso	»•	i	.	■	\

I,:... , -.iii ii ;> vd-JuM .yjuCI fi noofloq.v 1 i i > rv.yViav' b

i t.-i ;. •■».! ..i.w l-ai:»v ji« voii tnc •••'!•. ,	•	i	•

<A ijiJ.Jil l» • ! ••• 1 {<:	.,l	u

. ..j ... tii ..	;	;b	v	i ; •	>	.	■	5	:	:	t

niLa. ir(] i » Jvii	,	'

•.	•	'	leift	»A	«irf}	ttdT	,b»iOKn	•	It	ml	:,) v .'/I

,!• ,k!o /■	:-5.r;	lu.rfl	u	ti	\	:t	>	:■■ •..	7

>L‘ • !:J:	Jai.:Sii	./	'	l	l_	,	.	[	J

i	1	jjIjh	Lii,!	j	■	:>	•< !»n,| ii ■ ' j, .7

; i 'c. S' -isrinut 3f’l • it bn* vi ,.i u	,nA.

.	..	J.U	,'Li	i	-i.J	03	v'jil.. *X'u Utl» ,!■ } •

..I

4M

t-:	’	S':	’	:	\	*.	::r'	:	.	. : ::	:	.	„	I

.Tj-t .	U	to	t	-i	wJ	inm;	*i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sefliz.

•********M»*****«*«**jHt**«********** ****************

Gap- 43.

An Ad for building a Bridge over the River ‘Thames, from the Parifh of Sutton Courtney in the County of Berks, to the Parifh of Culham in the County of Oxford.	[ift	Augufl	1807.]

WHEREAS the building of a Bridge over the River Thames f'om the Parifh of Sutton Courtney in the County of Berks, to the oppofite Shore in the Parifh of Culbam in the Count) of Oxford, at or near a Place called Culbam Ferry, or Culbam Ford, would greatly facilitate the Communication between the Counties of Berks and Oxford, ar.d be of great Utility and Advantage to the Publick : And whereas the feveral Perfons herein-after named are willing and defirous, at their own Cods, to build the faid Bridge, and to keep the fame in Repair: but the Purpofes aforefaid cannot be cffedted without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enadfed ; and be it enabled by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Copfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent P rliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Adf, William Allnutt, John Batchelor Proprietor*. [Loc. & Per.J	9	L	Clerk,

778

To be a Corporate Body ; tlieir Title or Corporate Name.

Bridge to be built, and bow and in what Manner.

47® GE ORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 43.

Clerk, Thomas William Champnes Clerk, Edward Cheer, Edward Child, Gabriel Copland, Thomas Copeland, Samuel Cripps, Thomas Curtis, Francis Eldcrfield, Thomas Goodall, John Hoare, Robert Hoare, William James, Francis Jujlice, George Knapp, Benjamin Morland, John Philips, William Philips, John Rufs, Henry Rufs, John Francis Spentove, William Taylor, John Tomkins, and George White the Younger, and their refpc&ive Suc-ceffors, Executors, Adminiilracors and Afligns, are and fhall be united into a Company for building the fai<i Bndge at or near the faid Place called Culbam Firry, or Culbam Ford, over the River Thames, from Sutton Courtney in the laid County of Berks, to the oppofite Snore in che Pauih of Culbam in the faid County ot Oxford, of fuch G' nflruction as hereinafter is mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and making and maintaining publ ck Carriage and other Roads anc! Approaches to and from the faid Bridge between the Village of Sutton C urtney and the London Turnpike Road in the faid Parilh oi Culbam, and for executing the leveral other Powers veiled in them by this A£t; ard lhall fo> thole Purpofes be, and are hereby declared to be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of ‘ The Company of Proprietors of Sutton Courtney Bridge,’ and by that Name fhall have perpetual Succeflion. and a Common Seal, and fhall and may fue and be iued in all Courts and Places within this Realm, and fhall and may do all other Matters and T hings whatfover, in as full and ample a Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any othtr Body or Bodies Coiporate within this Realm can or may as fuch lawfully do5 and that in every Suit to be commenced agamil the faid Propriet rs, the Procefs being ferved upon their Treafurer or C;erk, ihall be deemed fufficient Service upon the laid Proprietors.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby req ired, by themfelvcs, their Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servant1, or Affiitanrs, at their o.vn pro-per Coils and Charges, to build a good and fubitantial Briuge with Abutments made of Stone, Brick, or other Material1, at or near the laid Fci ry or Ford over the River Thames, from Sutton Courtney in the faid County of Berks, m the oppofite Shore in the Parilh ot Culbam in the faid County of Oxford, and to make Roads and Aj.p.naches on each Side of the laid River, to and ftom fuch Bridge between the faid Village of Sutton Courtney, and the London Turnpike Road in the faid Parilh of Culham, for the PaiLge of Travellers, Cattle and Carriages, and that fuch Roads and Approaches to she faid Bridge (hall, to all Intents and Purpofes, be con-fi lered as Parc and Parcel of che faid Bridge ; and that there (hall not be more than Three Arches or Openings (except Land Arches) between the Abutments of the laiu Bridge, one Arch or Opening whereof (hall be Forty Feet wide at the leaft, and the Sofete or Crown of the laid Arch fhall not be lcfs than Twelve Feet high above High-water-mark ; and all the faid Arches colledtively (exdufive of the Piers and Abutments) (hall not be lels than One hundred Feet wide ; and that the Way for Pattengers, Carriages, and Cattle over the faid Bridge (hall be Twenty Feet in width at leaf! between the Rails, Balluitracles or Walls ; and the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby alfo authorized and required to make tne faid Roads and Approaches to the faid Bridge, and alfo one or more Toll-houfc or Toll-houfes on or near the faid Bridge, with proper Conveniences, and

f)	to

779

47° GE O R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 43.

to fupporr, maintain, and keep thefaid Bridge, Tol!-houfes, Conveniences, and Roads and Approaches to the laid Bridge lor ev. r in good and fufBcient Repair; ar.d the laid Company of Prop letors a'e hereby alio authorized ro remove ar.y Shelves and Obltruftions in the laid River wirhin Five hundred Yards of the laid Bridge, ar.d to lake away all B.ds ofGiavel, Sand, Mud, or o;her Impediment within the like Dift.ince f.om H e Lid Bridge, and to dig and cut the Banks of the laid River within the fame Diftance on each Side, in fuch Manner as th.y flidl judge neceiTary and proper for eredt-ing and building and for the Prelervacion thereof, and Irom Time to Time to do or caufe to be done all other Things neceiTary and proper for erecting, building, making, repairing, fupporcing, and maintaining the fa:d Bridge, Toll-houfes, Conveniencies, and Roads or Approaches hereby authorized to be trefted and made.

HI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Statute Duty Aft contained fhall exonerate or exempt any Perlon or Perfons whomfo- j^o*«hepafT-tver, in the Panfhes of Sutton Courtney, and Culbam, or either of them, ins of this from doing or being called upon to do any Statute Duty, either perfonally or with his, her, or their Teams, Horles, Carts, or Carriages, upon the Roads or Approaches on either Side of the laid Bridge, but the Time Prrlons {hall remain liable to do Statute Duty thereon, in the fame Manner as before the pafling of this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Com- Material! for pany of Proprietors from l ime to Time and at all Times from and after '^c ^Tithe Frfl Day of September One thoufar.d eight hundred and feven, at brought and their Wdl and Plealure, to bring, place, lay, work, and ufe any Timber, «orket upon Srnne, Brick, Lime, or other Materials for building and erefting, or for re- near the pawing cr rebuilding the laid Bridge, or for executing any other of the Bridge with. Puipmes of this Aft, in, upon, through, and over any Common or Waite Ground within Three hundred Yards of the faid Bridge, without making ary private any Rtcompence for fu doing; and alio in, upon, through, and over any sit^fadion* private Lands or Grounds within Two hurdred Yards of thefaid Bridge, for the injury doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction for fuch done-Damage to toe Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands or Grounds.

V.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for all Bodies Poli- Bodies Cor-tick. Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Truft, porate, &c. Execctois, Adminiftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, Committees for Luna- fei7p"™*fest0 tics and Idiots, and all other Trullres whatfoever, tor and on Behalf requited ror of themfrlves, their Heirs and Succefibrs, Infants or I(fue unborn, Badge,15&cf Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or Cettuique Trulls, or other Perfons	'

whotruoeier, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed in thcr own Right, and to and for all and everv other Perfon or Perfons whonfoever, who are or fhall b feiled or poffrffed of or interefted in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of any Tenure whatioever, which may be neteflarv for the Purpofes of this Aft, to treat, contraft, or agree with the faid Company of Proprietors lor the Purchale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Intereft therein, cr by Way of Annual Rent for the fame, and to le 11 and convey the lame as Otcafion fhall be or r-quire j and all Contracts, Agteements, Sales and Conveyances which fliall be fo

made

780

Comm'loners to determine DitfeN eace*.

If Parties can-n >t ag ee, the

Matter to be fet led by a Jury.

470 GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap.43.

made, lhall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufagc, or any other Matter or Thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any. wife notwithftanding; and all Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftra-rors, Hufbands, Guardians and Truftcer, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Perfons are and (hall be indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue or in purfuance of this Adt.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Commiflioners of the Land Tax for the Counties of Oxford and Berks for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, (hall be and they are hereby conftituted and appointed Commiflioners for fettling, determining, and adjufting all Difputes which (hall happen or arife between the faid Company of Proprietors and all and every Perion and Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, touching and concerning the Reconipcnce and Satisfaftion which (hall be made to them, or any of them, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Tenure whatfoever, necef-fary for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to adjuft and fettle what Share and Proportion oi fuch Recompence and Satisfaction every Tenant or Pcrfon having a particular Eftate, Term, or Intereft in any of the Premifes, (hall have of' receive for his or their rcfpedive Intereft and Damagrg, and for the Damages they or any of them (hall have fuftained by and upon Account cf the eredting and maintaining the faid Bridge, er by, for, or on Account of making any Roads or Approaches as aforifaid,. or the doing or performing any of the Matters or Things hercin-befoie or hercin-after iuthorizjd to be done and performed.

VII.	And be it further enadtrd, That if any fuch Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Troftee or Truftees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Co''p'rations Aggregate or Sole, or any other Perfoq or Petfons interred in any fuck Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon Twenty-dHe bayv Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Duelling Houfe or Houfts, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Peeions, or of the Head Officer or Officers of fuch Bodies Corporate or ^bllegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pofieflion of the Lands, Tenements,' or Hereditaments, (hall negfedt or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree with the faid Company of Proprietors for the Purchafe of any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-taVncnts, or any Part or Parts thereof, or tor their Ir.tetefts therein, or for an Annual Rent to be paid for the fame, or through Difability by reafon of Nonage, Coverture, Eftate Tail, or other Impediment what, fodver, cannot make an effedtual or valid Agreement, or by reaton of Abfence (hril be prevented from treating as aforefaid, then in every or any fuch Cafe the Commiflioners refpedtively, or any Three or more of them (.as the Cafe may be) (hall caufe it to be enquired into and after, tained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, what Damages will be fuftained by, and what Satisfaction and Recompence fhall be made to fuch Owners, Oc< upiers, and Proprietors of or other Pcrfon or Perfons refpedtively inretefted in any fuch Lirfds, Tenements, or Herediraments-, and in order thereto the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empoweied from Time to Time to iffue their Warrant or Warrants, Pi t'cept or Precepts,

directed

47® GEQRGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 4$.

d>re£led to the Sheriff of the County of Oxford, or the Sheriff of the County of Berks (ts the Cafe may be) thereby requiring him to impannel, Dromon, and return a Number of fubftanrial and difincerefted Perfon-, qualified to ferve on Juries, not lefs than Twelve or more titan Twenty-tour (which Perfons luch Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return accoidingly) and out of fucb Pcrlons lo to be impannclled, lummoned, and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear according to or upon fuch Summons, a Jury of Twelve Ihallbedrawnby fuch Commifiioners,oranyThreeor more or thcnt,orfome PerfontobebythemoranyThreecrmoreoTrheni appointed in fuchManneras J uries for thcTrial ol-Ifibes joined inHisMajefty’sCourts a> IVejlmipJler, by aq Aflpjfled in tlieThird Year of his late MajcftyK.ngGesr^e theSccond, intituled, An AS for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed co be drawn, which Pcrlons fo to be impanneiled, lummoned, and returned, are hereby required to appear before the faid Comm fiioners or any Three or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants Precept or Precepts lhall be directed and appointed (of which Time and Place aliParties intertill'd lhall have Fourteen Days Notice given or left inManner aforefaid) and to attend them from Day to Day till they (hall be difeharged by (uch Comm idiom rs, or any Three or more of them ; and all Parties concerned (hall and may have their lawful Challenges againfl any of the faid Jurymen ; and the laid Cummifiioncrs, or any Three or more of them, are hereby author zed and empowered, by Precept or Precepts under theij Hands from Time to Time as Occafion lhall require, to call before them any Perfon or Pcrlons in order to be examined as a Witnefs or WiU neffes upon Oath before the faid Commifiioners, or any Three ar more of them, or before fuch Jury, touching and concerning the Ptemifes. and ‘the Commifiioners or any Three or more of them, if they lhall think fit, lhall and may ciufe the faid Jury, or any Six or mote of them, to view the Place or Places in Queftion, and (hall have Power to adjomo fuch Meeting from Day to Day as Occafion lhall require, and to coqw mandfuch Jury, Parties, and Witnefics co attend until all the Matters lor which they were lummoned (hall be concluded y and the faid Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths of fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall be called to give Evidence, tire laid Comniilhoners, or any Three or more of them, aie hereby empowered and required to adminifitr) lhall enquire touching the Value of fuch Lands, Tenements, or jjeredj-taments, and of the rrfpe&ivc Eftatcs and Incerelts of the Perfon or Pen, Cons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, feifed or poflefled of or interefted therein, or of or in any Part thereof, or the Damagts which (hall or may be done to any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the doing or performing any of the Matters and Things herein-before or herein-after authorized to be done and performed, and lhall aflefs the Sum or Sums, Rent or Rents to be paid to every fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, for fuch their Edates and In-terells, and as a Compenfation or Satisfaction for the Damages they lhall fultain as aforefaid, and the faid Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them, lhall give Judgement for fuch Sum and Sums cf Money, Rent or Rents foto be afielfed ; and the Verdifl or Inquifition of fuch Juries, and the Judgements, Orders, and Decrees thereupon fhail be final, binding, and concluGve, to all Intents, and Purpolcs whatfoever, agaimt thc (Lor. E? ffrf\	9	M.	King's

47° GEORG! I III. Sett. 2, Cap.43.

'Kina’s Majtfty, His Heirs and Succefiors, and all Parties ami Pcrfons -whomfeever, as well abfenc as prrfcnr, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or •Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate, or Sole, claiming any Eftate, Right, Tide, Truft, Ufe, or Intertft, in, to, or out of fuch Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, either in PofTelfion, Revcrfion, Remainder, or Expectancy,• or ctherwile, as well Infants and UVues unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Pcrlons under any legal Incapacity or Difabilwy uhatfoever, and all other Cc Unique Trufts, his, her, and their Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, and agairft all other Perfons whomtoever, and all and evety foch Owners, Occupiers, and Propriettrs, and all and every Perfon and Perlons interellcd in fujh Lands, Te-r.ements, or Hereditaments, fhall thereby, after Payment or Tender and -Rrfuial or Negleft in Manner as hereinafter mentioned, be from thence-Jonh, to all .Intents and Purpoles, diverted of all Right, Claim, Interelf, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the Erne ; anti Two Tranfcripts of aH fuch Verdtfts, or Inquilitions, and Judgements, Orders, or Decrees, and all other Ptoc;edings of the Cummifiioners and Juries, fo to be made, given or pronounced as atorefaid, lhall be fairly written on Parchment, and figned and fealed by 1 hree or more of the laid Con’m.'flioners, making anti pronouncing the fame. One of which Tranfcripts fhall be forthwith tranltni:-trd to the Paid Company of Proprietors, their Trealurer or Clerk, and the other to the Clerk of the Peace of the refpeitive Counties (js the Cafe maybe) to be carefully prtferved amonaft the Records of that County, and the laid Tranfcript-, fo figned and fealed, fhall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purpofes whttlocver; and the faid Tranfcripts or true Copies thereof, to be figned and proved by the faid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, fhall be good and eff dual Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity whatfoever, and ali Pcrlons may have recourfe to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying tier every Copy mot exceeding the Sum of Two-pence for every Seventy-two Words'; and fo proportionably fot any greater Number of Words; and upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Monev fo afiefird by fuch Juries, and adjudged or decreed by fuch Commifiioners to the Party or Parties concerned, or entitled thereto as atorefaid, or to their Agent or legal Tender thereof, nude to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Agent; andRefufal to accept the fame, or in calc any fuchPerfonor Perlons, after Ten Days Notice g ven to him, her, or them, or left at the Houfe of the Occupier of the Premifes, (hall refufe or negled to receive the . fame, then upon Payment thereof into the Hands ot fuch Perfon or Perfons as the laid Commifiioners or any Three or more or th'-m, fhall by Writing under their Hands appoint for the Ufe of the Party or Parties intereftedas afortfaid, and to be'paid upon Demand to him, her, or them, or his or their known Agent or Agents, or after fuch Annual Rent or Rents fhall be fo afiefied, it fhall be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors and their Succefiors, to have, hold, ufe, and enjoy fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to and for their own proper Ufe and Benefit, and to and for their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to make ufe of airy fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or othtr Premifes for the Purpofes of this A«R ; and this Atfl fhall be fuffkient to indemnify as well the faid Ccmmiffioners as the laid Company of Proprietors, and all and every Perfon and Perfons by them or any of them authorized and empowered therein, or a&ing under them againft- luch Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Perfons interested, their H«rs»

Succefiors,

47°GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 4.3.

Succtffurs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, and againft all and cveiv other Perfon or Perfons whomloever, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfuvei.

VIH. And be it further enabled. That in cafe of any D'-faulc in a fuffi-cicnt Number of Jurymen to be fworn tor the Purpofes of this Act, the fa d Sheriff or h:s Deputy (hall return other haneft and indifferent Men of the Scanders-by, or that can be Ipeedily procured to attend that Service, as Hull be ncceffuy to make up the Number of Twelve to ferve onfuchjury, and that all Perlons concerned (bail from Time to Time have their lawful Challenges as aforefaid againft any fuch Jurymen when they fh ill come to be (worn ; and that the tiici Commiflianers, or any '1 hree or more of them, afting in the Premiles, lhall have full Power from Time to Time to impofe anv reafonable Pine or Fines on fuch Sheriff bis Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents rclpeftivcly, making Detaaic in the Premifcs, or upon any Perfon or Peiibns who (hall be iummoned and returned'on any fuch Jury or Juries, and lhall not appear, or who lhall refufc to be Iworn on the laid Jury or Juries, or being fo fworn lhall not give his or their Verdict, or in ar y other Manner ncglcft his or their Duty in the Premiles contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and likewife upon fuch Perfon or Peifons fummoned as aforefaid to g;ve Evidence, who lhall ntgleft or refole to appear at loch l ime cr Tnr.es, Place or Places, as (hall be appointed lor that Purpule as aforefaid, or appearing fhall relufe to be Iworn or to give Evidence, or 'O be examined by or before the Did Commiffioners, or any I hree or more of them, and from Time to Time 10 levy furh Fine or Finef by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chatttls of any Perfon or Perfons offending in any of the Matters or Things aforefaid by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of fuch Three or more of the afting Commiffioners, to be direfted to the Conffable, or other Peace Officer of the Townlhip, Parilh, or place, where futh Offender or.Offenders lhall live* which Conftable, or ether Peace Officer, is hereby required to execute the fame, fo as no fuch Fine do exceed the Sum of Five Pounds ; which Fine (hall be paid to the Treafurcr of the faid Company of Proprietors fur the Purpofes of this Aft.

IX.	Provided always, That no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall fit to aft as a Comrr.iffioner or Commiffioners in any Cafe where he or they is or are in anywife, direftlv, or indireftly, interefted or concerned in the Matter or Matters in queftion, nor (hall any Perfon whomfoever be fworn to ferve on a Jury, or be examined as a Witnefs, where he or fne is anyways, directly or indireftly, interefted in any Matter in queftion.

X.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Company of Proprietors (hall not take Poffeffion, or enter into anv of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until fuch Payment or Tender of the Recotnpence or oatislaftion fo affefied and aejudged fhall be made as aforefaid, or in cafe of Rent, until the fame (hall be affefled and adjudged as aforefa d, other-wife than for furveying, taking a Level of, and markirgout the Ground which they intend to make ufe of for the Purpofe afoielaid, and which it fhall be lawful for them and their Workmen, Surveyors and other proper

Affiftauts

783

If a faff,cunt Number of Jurymen do not «*rre..d, the Jury to be made up from the Senders by.

Sheriff, &r. making Default, iuay be fined.

CemmifEcm-

m or Jury not to adt wheie inter cited.

Proprietors

not to take Poff flron of Prtmifls t.il Payment of Purchale Money.

784	47*GEORGH III. Seff.a* Cap.43.

AfMants from Time to Time, and at every convenient Tims 10 do, they doing thereby as little Damage as may be, and giving Two Days Notice to the Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or PofTefibr ut fuch Lands, Tene. ments, or Hereditaments of the Time of their coming to make fuch Survey, or to take fuch Levels, or to mark out fuch Ground, in order that furh Owner, Occupier or PofTefibr may be prefent if he, (he, or they (hall think fit, and making Satisfadion for a!! Damages that fhali be done to any Grafs or Corn, by making fuch Suivcy, taking fuch Level, or maiking out luch Ground, in tale fuch Damage ftiall txcecd the Value of One Shilling.

Pxp-nces of XL Ard be it further enafted. That in cafe any Jury or Juries to be t.icjuj. Summoned and iwom purfuanc to the Authority of this Ad fhall give in and deliver a Verdid or Inquifuion for more Monies, as a Keconipence or Satisfadion for ihe Right, Imereft, or Property of any Peifon or Perfons in any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any fuch Lofs or Damage than what fhail have been agreed to and iff red by the faid Comj any ot Proprietors, before the fummoning and returning of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfadion for any'fuch Kighr, Intereft, or Property, or for any Lots or Damage as afoiefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Cofls and Expences ot fummoning and main, tainins the Jury and Witnefies for afceriaining and determining the Value of any fuch Right, Prop rty, or Literc.il, or the Lofs or Damage fullaintd as aforefaid, {hall be borne and paid by the laid Company of Piopiietors; but if any Jury or Juries fo fummonea and l'worn as aforefaid (hail give in and deliver a Verdid or Inquifnion for no more or for lefs Monies thanfhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Company of Proprietors before the fummoning and returning the faid Jury or Juries, as a -Recompence and Satisfadion lor any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property in any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, then the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintain-ing the faid Jury and Witnefies Ihail be borne and paid bv the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Company of Propiietors fhali have fuch Controverfy cr Difpute ; which Cofts and Expences having been ascertained and fettled by the. Lid Commiftioncrs, or any Three or more of them, ftiall and may he deduded out of the Money fo afiefled by the laid Jury, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Per-'	"' fan or Perfons i and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of luch

Money fhali be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes to be a full and fufficient Payment or Tender: Provided always, that in £11 CaLs where any Perfon or Peifons fhali by Reafon uf Abfcnce from the Kingdom, have been prevented from treating, then fuch Colts and Expences fhali be borne and paid by the faid Company of Proprietors : Provided neverthclcfs, that all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhali fuftain any fuch Damage or Injury (hall apply to the Commifiioners, and proceed a3 herein-before directed to determine and adjuft the fame, and the Recompence and Satisradion to be given, within Three Calendar Months alter any Rich Damage done or Injury received, and not afterwards; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Meetings of

mTiTbt'in'fii XII. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting fhali be held by the within a li* faid Commifiioners, or any Three or mure of them, at any Place that

imied Dif-	y	fhali

i-j.ee. ’	'

785

47° GEORGII III. Seft.2, C^',43,

fha’l be above Four Miles diflant from the Place where the Controverfy cr the Matter to be inquired of fball arife or happen.

XII I. And be it further enaXed, That all and every Annual Renter Rent-, to be agreed for or afllffed as aforelaid, for any Lands, Tenements, b-im^ntob* or other Hereditaments, fhall from Time to Time, as the lame (ball become pud. due, be paid by the laid Company of Pioprietors, or their Succeffors, Half-yea: iy, 10 the Pcrfon cr Pcrfons who fhall be entitled theteto, and luch Pcrfon or Peifons fhall have the fame Eftate and Intereft in fuch Annual Rent or Rents, as they would have had to the laid Premifes, in cafe this Adi had net been made; and in default of Payment thereof by the faid Company of Proprietors within Twenty-eight Days after the fame fhall become due (and being lawfully demanded of the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors) it (hall be lawful for the Pcrfon orPerfons who Shall from Time to Time be entitled to the faid Annual Rents, or any of them, to commence or profecute One or more Adtron or AXions at Law on the Cafe, or ot Debt, againft the faid Compunsj of Proprietors and their Suc-erflurs, and fliall and may, upon fuch Action or AXions, recover the Money then due, together with Colts of Suit, and have fuch Remedies for the fame as ate allowed by Law in other Cafes.

XIV. And be it further enaXed, That if any Money fhall be paid, or Ap-Hcatia* agreed pr awarded to be paid, for ti e Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, cr.Heret Laments, purchafed, taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of 2n, Aiming t» this AX for the Purpofe3 thereo , which tball belong to any Body Politick, ao-A Ci.rporare or Collegiate, or :o any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Admini-ftraror, Hufband, Guardian, Commute, or other Truftee, for or on Behalf of^Lny IuLnt, Lunatic, loior, Finv Covert, or other Cefluique Truft, or any Perion whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftriX ox ether Settlement, or to any other Pcrfon under any other Difabi'ity or Incapacity whatf ever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame lhall amounc to the Sum ot Two hundred Founds, with all convenient Speed be paid into tire Bank of Englandin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gtner dof the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Company of P oprietors ot The Sutton Courtney Bridge, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the DircXion ar.d with the Approbation of the liiid C urr, to be flgnified by an Order rd&de upon a Pecirion to be preferred in a fumm.rry Way, by the Perfonor Per-fois *ho would have bten entitled to the Rents and Pr firs of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch ether Incum-bracc.-, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (ball authorize to be paid, affixing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith to the lame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the frid Court, in the Purchafe of othef Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be convened and fettled, to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ulies, Trurts, Intents, and Eurpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, w hifch lhall be fo purchaled, taken, or ufed as alcreLid, fit od fettled or hrn:t<-d, or .luch of them as at the Time of making fuch Convevance and ILoc. WPer.]	9 iY fie tl.meat

786

Application rf (. «-vp-nration if ief« than iool,and exceeding zol.

Application of Cotnpema-ti- n, if !ci* than 20'.

In cafe of not making out *1 ities j

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.43.

Settlement (lull be eroding undetermined, and capable of taking Effcft ; and in the meantime and until fuch PuFchafc (hall be made, the fa d M nev lb all by order ot the faid Couit, upon Ap, lication thereto, be inverted by the laid Ac< (.uncant General in his Name, in the Pu chafe of Three Pounds .per Ctmum Confoird.ic.-d or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Am uities, and in the meantime and until the (aid Bank Annuities fhali be ord red by the find Court to be fold for the Purpoles aforefaid, the Dividends anti Annual Produce of the laid Conlolidated or Reduced Ba k Annuities (hall from Time to Tun; be paid, by Order of the faid" Court, to the P. r'on or Perfons who wouhl for the Time being h ive b rn entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tencmtn S, and Hereditaments, fo hereby direfted to be purchaled by virtue of this Act, i.a cafe fuch Puichafe or Settlement wire made.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredr -ments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpnfrs afoiefaid, and b.-f'aging to any Corporation, or to any Petfon or Perfons und; r any DiLbiiity or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hail txceed or oe equ.d to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in ail fuch Cafes the fame (hall at the Option of the P rlon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profi s of th.- Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lo purchaled, taken, or ufeit, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, C m r.ittte or Committees, in cfe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fign fied in Writing under their rtfpre-tive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancerv, nnd placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, or otherwile the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Petfon or Perfons m .king fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Company of Proprietors (I’uih Nomination and Approbation to be dignified in Writing under the Hands of the uorr.inating and approving Parties) in ore cr that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed , fo far as the C ite may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diicftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVI.	Piovided alfo, and be it enafted, That where fuch Money, fo ageed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fliall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all luch Cafes the fame lhali be applied to the Ufe ot the Pcrfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchaled, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as tile faid Company of Proprietors lhali think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commitree or C mmirtees, to and for the L'fc and Benefit of fuchPeriod or Perf .ns lo entit.-d rc pcftively.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That in c fe he Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purcbafe of any Lands or Hereditaments to bepurchafid by virtue of this Aft, for the

t	Purpoli*

7® 7

Pcrlbna

47® GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.43;

Purpofes of die f id Br due, Road, Approaches, or other Works, mall rri'ufe to accept th. firne, or Hull nor be able to make a good Title to the Premiers to the Sadsfaiflion of the faid Company of Proprietors; or in crif. cafe the Pcrfon or Perfons to whom any fuch S am or Sums of M >ney (hall	k*|r_

I s fo awarded as ahreftid cannot be found, r«r if the P. rf>n or Perlons chu : Money entitled to fuchfLan is or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, lok.' nt> tnen and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffit ners, or any Three or more of them, to order the Sam and Sums of-Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to he paid into the Bank of England in pe Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court

0	Chancery, to be ulaced to his Account to the Crrdir of the Parties mierrfted in the f.i’.d Lands cr Hereditaments [defcribtng tbe>n\ fubjedf to

1	t O der, C mt' Oul, and Difpofition of the faio Court of Chancery, which Lid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Pcrfon or Perfons in. king claim to fuc'i S m or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Morion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way ot Proceeding, or orherwife as to the lame Cour: fhall liem meet, to order the fa ne to be Lid out and inverted in the Public Funds, an d to order Diflribution thereof, cr Payment of the'Dividends thereof, according to the refpeiSive Ertare or Ertatcs, Title or Intereft, of thePerfon or Perfons maki' g claim thereunto, and to rmke fuch Order in the Premifes as to t;ie fad Couit lhall l'eemjurt and re finable t and the Cafnier or Calhiers of th- Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby require i to give a Receipt or Receipts for Lch Sum or Sums of M .ury, m ntioning and fpecifying f r what and for whofe Ule the fame is or are received, to luch Perfon or Perfons as fliall pay any fuch Sum or Sams of Money into thr Bank as afortfaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That where any Queftion lhall arife touching the Title of any Perlon to anv Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Geneial of the Court of Chanceiy, i i purfuance < f this Act, for the Ule of the faid Bodge, Road, Approaches, or orher Works, for the Purchafe of any Lands or Heieditamenrs, or of a y Eftate, Right, cr Inte eft in any Lands or Hereditament- to be purch fed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annu tics to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Iitercftof any fuch Bank Annuities, thePerfon or Perfons who fliall have been inPolieliion of the Lands, Tenement-, or Hereditaments, at the Time ot fuch Pur-hale, a d all Perl ns claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Puficflion of luch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfuly entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion. un il the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satis-Lciion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bar k Annuities to be purchafed w.th fuch Money, and all'o the Capital of luch Bink Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly unlefs it lhall be mide appear to the faid Court that fuch Poflellion was a wrongful one, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or to fome Ertate tr Intereft therein.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon	ta

0/ any Difabihty or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, direct the Pay.

en titled p nce^

Where any Quelt.on IhaS arif- touching any Title to the Monev to be paid, the Per<ln in Pof-feflion fliall oe deemed to be entitled.

788	47* GEO.R.GJI III. Seff. 2. -0^,43-

entitled to anv Linds or Hereditaments to be purchafid under the Audio-ri+y of tuts Aft; the Pjrch ife Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid'Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchnfc of other Lands or Her<*ditamen s to be fettled to the likeUfcs, in pur-fnance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Ex-pences of all Purchafss from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fomiich of fuch Expvnces as the laid Court (ball deem reafon-abie, together with the neceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors, who (ball from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the laid Court fhall direft.

For getting XX And be it further enafted. That it (ball and may be lawful to and rephr BrUUt for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Bridge, and to and fur all fbch »r.j Ro.ds. Pet funs as he or they relpeftively Ihall appoint, to fearch for, dip, ger, gather, and take away any Stone, Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for miking or repairing the faid Bridge, or the Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, out of or from any C< mm on or Walk- Ground, Shore or Strand, River or Brook, in any Parilh, Townlhip, Hamlet, Divifion, Dillrift 01 Place in which any Part of the find Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches the'tto ihall lie, or in any neighbouring Parilh, Townihip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diftrift or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Peril n or Perfons afting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the B ,.r:ks where fuch Materials fhall be taken, or railing or fencing oft fuch Pits or Quarr es, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paflengcrs or Cattle; and alfo that luch Surveyor or i thtr Perfons as afore I.fid may, by Order of the faid Company of Pioptietors or their Committee, fuch Order to be mane at fo tie Meeting of the laid Company or their Commiuee to be holden in purfu mre of this Acl, and a Copy thereof to be given to luch Surveyor or Surveyors, at-tefted and figned by the Clerk to the laid Company ol Proprietors, fearch for, cut, dig, ger, gather, and take away any fuch Materials as afurelaid, in, of, from and out of the Private Lands, Fields or Grounds of anv Per-fun or Perfons, where the fame may be had or found, fuch Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchaid, Yard, Paudock, Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurlery for Trees, making or tendering fuch Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of luch Grounds where and from whence the fathe (nail be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials tor making and tepairing the faid Bridge, Roads, Ways or Avenues thereto (hall be carried, according to their refpeftive Rights and Imerefts in luch Grounds, as rhe laid Company of Proprietors or the faid Committee Ihall judge reaionahle ; and in cafe of any Difference between the Company’s Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perlon or Perfons employed as alor.eiaid, and the laid Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning fuj h Damages, it Ihall and may be lawful to and ior any Two or nu.rr Juft res of the Peace of the County or Place where fuch Materials Ibali fe lo cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Parry to the other, or left at their refpeftive Places of Abode, to hear, fettle, and determine the Matters

789

47°GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap.43.

of fir h Payment • no D mag^s; and the Judgement or Order of ihefind Junices l)i .It be final -nd c ..nclulivc to a.I Panic.,

XXI.	Provi eci neve theft I-, and be it rnacfed, Tint ir fhaft not be lautul tor any Surveyor, or ether Prrlon or Perfin -, aciing undtr the A-ithori y of his Act. t > d g, gather, get* take, or carry away any Materials f ,r repramng lucn B alee, or ihe 1\ ».k.s. Way-, or Approaches thereto, or any of them, out «I or from any inclofcd Lamis or Grounds, until Notice ir. Writing finned b. the Surveyor (hall have Ken given to ti e Occupier of th Prom ts from which lucn Materials arc intended to be taken, or left for fitch Occupur a: hi> uf..al Place of Refidence, to appear before the laid C m. any ct P/npuerotr, <r their iaiu Committee, or Two or more Juftices of the Peace idling for the County ot Place where fuch Premifes Ihall lie, ta Ihew Caufe why focli Marer'als fhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe Inch Occupier or his Agent Ihall attend purluant to luch N tice, but fhall not (hew fuScient Caufe to the contra; y, then and in fuch Cafe the laid Company t.f Proprietors, or their Committee, or fuch Jult.ccs, fnal. amt may authorize loch Suiveyor or otiier Perfon or Per-iom to dig, get, gather, ai d carry auay fuch Materials at fuch Time or Times as <o the fa.d Company, or their Committee, or Juitices, fhall feem proper-, and if fuch Occupier (halt neglect or relule to appear by himfeTfor fits Agent, purluant to fuch Notice, the laid Company of Proprietor-, or their Committee, or Juftices, ftiall and may make fuch O'drn therein as they Ihall rdpectively think fit, avtuilt andeffectually, to all Intents and Purpoies, as if fuch Occupier or his Agent h.d attended.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Pvrfons whomlbever (hall remove or t.ke away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials laid upon the Lid B.idge, or upon the Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, or upon any Fait thereof, fi r the making or Repair thereof, without the Order of the laid Company of Proprietors, or of their Surveyor i,r Surveyors for that Purpole, or if any Perfon or Per-fi#ns whomfoever Ihall take awav any Stones or Gravel or Materials, which (ball have been dug or gatheied by or by the Order of the laid Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Wafte or Grounds. River or Brook, for the Purpofe of amending the faid Bridge, Roads, Ways, and Approaches thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, or fh dl get or take away any Stones, Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which Ihall have been made for the Purpofe ol getting fuch Matedils for amending the faid Bridge, Roads, and Approaches thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, btfo e the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or his cr their Workmen, fhall have difeontinued working therein for the Space of Three Calendar Months (except the Owner or Occupier of ary private Ground, and Pcr-lons authorized by fmh Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein lor his or her own private Ufe only, and net for Sale) every Perfon lb offending (hall foifcit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enzdh-d. That it Ihall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeficrs toraifeand contribute among

[/ oc. y Psr.~\	g	0	themfelves,

No’ic?s to be given to Oc-cup ers wf iii* cloted Lands before Materials taken.

Penalty on taking away Mac trials got by Surveyor.

P: oprieters may raife 40001. among them id vet by

790	47’	GEORGil III. iSefT.'s. Cap. 43.

tbcmfelves, and in fuch Proportions as to them (hall feem meet and coru venienr, any Sum of Money for building the laid Bridge and other the Purpcfes afortfaid, not exceeding the Sum of Four thouland Pounds, and that the fame be divided into Fifty Pound Shares ; and that no Perfon fubfer bing to or becoming a Proprietor in the fiid Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of ]ef> than One Share, or more than Twelve Shares of the whole N< (liber of Shares to be told or lublcribed for, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons in Trull for him or her (rxcept the fame come to him or her by Wiil, or as an Extcutor or Adminiftrator, or in Right of a Wife, or by lome otner Afl: in Law) upon pain cf forfeiting to the Paid Company of Proprietors all fuch Shafts exceeding Twelve of the Numt-’cr of Shares as aforelaid j and the Money fo to be railed lhall be appWd, in the firft Place, in paying the Coils and Expences of applyj g f , obt tning, and palling this Atl, and all necclfary Ex-pencts relating thereto, and the Reftdue of fuch Monies thall be applied for and towards the building of the laid Bridge, and ihe completing of the Erne and other the Woikn aforefaid, and for and towards the other Puipofcs of this Ad.

The shares^ XXIV’. And be it further enaded. That the Paid Shares into which Pioprieiou. the laid Subicription Monty lhall be civiUed, lhali be and the fame are he-ebc vifled in the fevtral Perloris before named as Proprietors, and their feveral ar.d relpedive Executors, Adminillrators, and Afiigns, pio-por dumbly to the Sum they and each of them lhall levtrally fublcribe and piy (hereunto, and (hall be deemed Peilbnal Eflate ; and all and every Perfon or Perlons, his, her, and (heir ieveral and relpedive Executors, Adniinifhatots, and Affigns, who hath or have already lublcribed, or who lhall lever by fubfenbe and pay in the Sum of 'I en Pounds, or iuch Sum as lhall be demanded in Part thereof, towards building the laid Bridge ar.d completing the fame, and other the Works ..nd Purpofe* aforelaid, lhall be entitled to receive, after the Paid Bridge lhall be completed, the entire and net Diftribution of one Parc or Share, proportionable to the Sum Pi fubferibed, of and in the Profits and Advantages that (hall and may aiile and accrue by virtue of the Sum or Sum> of Money to be railed, recovered, or received by virtue of this Act, and fo in proportion for any greater Number ot Shares, not exceeding Twelve Shares of the whole Number of Shares as aforelaid ; and every Perfon having fuch Property of one Part or Share in the faid Undertaking, and fo in proportion as afortfaid, lhall bear a d pay a proportionable Sum of Money towards cariying on the faid Undertaking in the Manner hereby Prop'-tors 10 enaded, directed, and appointed ; and every Perfon pofleiled of One have Votes, ^ Sha e in the laid Under'iking lhall have One Vote, and everv Perfon bv Proxy!" * poff fled of Two Shares (hall have Two Votes, of Three Shares li:all have 'J hree Votes, of Four Shares (hail have Four Votes, of Five Sliarrs lhall have Five Votes, and of Six Shares lhall have Six Voces, and no more, in every publick Meeting to be held as herein- itter appointed, for carrying Voie* to he on the laid Unde: taking ; which Vote or Vo es may be g vm by any Prt> Syu bj prietor or Pi p ietcr., ei her in Perfon, or by his or their Proxy or Proxy. ' Proxies appointed by Writing or Writings under 1 is, her, or their hl^nd arid Seal or Hands and Seals, in cafe it lhall be agreed on at any oneot the yearly Meetings of the laid Proprietors, to be held by virtue of this Act,

' that

47* GkORGl! lit Seff.2. Cap. 4.3.	7$t

that Proxies fhall be admitted to be uteri, and an Order fhall be entered in the Books of the faid Company to r at Erfcft ; and fuch Vote by Proxy fhall be as efFeftual, to ail Intents and Purpofes, as if the Principal or Prin«< cipals had voted in Perlon or Pcr:ons ; and whatever Queftion, Eleth n of Officers, or other Matter or Thing, fhall be propoicd, difeuficd, or ccnfidered in any publick Medina ro be held in purfu nee or this Act, the fame (hall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then pretent an 1 the Chairman at ev.ry fuch Meeting, in cafe or a . S-vifion of equal Number, fhall have the calling Vote, although he ffialj have voted before ; provided that no Perlon fhall give or deliver more Proxies chan for ms whole Number ot Votes, and that no Perfon fhall vote as Proxy unlcls he be a Proprietor.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the Pow" t™fe Sum of Four rhoufand Pounds he ein-bcforc authorized to be raifed, fhall Sun^t-

be found infofficient for building and completing the faid .Bridge, and +ock.i. (hail other the Works and Purpofes hereby authorized to be d< ne, tnen and belnl“ in fuch Cafe, and not orherwife, it fhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, their Succeffrrs, Executors, Adminiftracors, and Affigns, to raife and contribute among themfelves, in Manner and Form aforelaid, and in fuch Shares and Proportions a^ to them (liall feem meet, or by the Adm fiion of new Subfcribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the laid B'idge, and other the Works and Pur* pops aforelaid, not exceeding the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds ; and every Suhfcribcr towards railing fuch further or other Sum fhall have the like Vote by himlelf or herfelf, or his or her Proxy, and fhall alfj be liable to fuch Forfeitures, and Hand interefted in the Profits of the faid Bridge, and other the Works aforelaid, proportionabiy to the Sum that he, fhe, or they /hall fubicribe thereunto, as generally and extenfiveiy, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch further or other Sum hereby allowtd to be fublcnbtd, had been Part of the Sum originally fublcribed ; any Thing hettin contained to the contrary thereof in anywde notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Per- ^^“hferib. fens who fhall be admitttd by the faid Company of Proprietors, or the Memberiof* fnajor Part of them, as new Subfcribers for the faid Sum of Three thou- ,h* Bjdy Pa* fand Pounds or any Part thereof, (ball thereupon fucceed as conftituenc lltick' Member or conftituent Members of the Body Politick incorporated by

this Aft, and as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Company in the fame Manner, to all Intents, Conllruftions, and Purpofes, as if he, fhe, or they had been appointed by. this Aft a Proprietor or Proprietors of the faid Company.

XXVH. Piovided always, and be it further enafted. That if the faid Company au-Company of Proprietors fhall be defirous of raifing the faid additional Sum of Three thouland Pounds, or any Parc thereof by Mortgage of the orany’part faid Bridge, and the Tolls arifing therefrom, and (hall make an Order, by M«rtgng«. or enter into a Refolut on to that Efflft, at a Special Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors for that Purpof: to be called by them, and of which Meeting Fourteen Days previous Notice fhall be given in the Manner aforelaid, then and in fuch Cate it (hall be lawful for the faid Company ef Proprietors, purlu.mt to fuch Order or Rifolution, to borrow or take

up

792

Form of

Mortgage.

No Preference

anx ng Mortgagees*

A Membra! ot Mot tinges to e e.iteted l>) the Company** Clerk.

Mortgages may t»e tr; lifter red.

470 G E O R G11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 43-

up atlmerefl the faid $ >m i f Three thoufand Pounds, or any Part theteof, upon the Creditor the faid Bridge and T; 11s, as to them (lialile. m meet and convenient; and the faid Company of Propri- tors are hereby accort.ingly frilly authorized and empow red to grant, affign, and makeover byway of Mortgage, the fevcral Tolls, Ka>es, and Duties granted to them by this Adi, or any Pare these f ( he Colls and Charges ot wh;ch Affignment fh til be paid out of fuch Tolls, Rates, a id Duties) as a Security for the Sum or S ims of Money f<. to be oorrowtd together with Interelt tor the fame, unto the Pcrlon or Perfons wiio lhall lend or advance Rich Sum or S m of Monev, or un-o his, her, or their Trufteeor Truilets, all which Affi nments or Mo gages thall be made by a Deed in Writing under the Common Seal ot the laid Company of Pioprietors, in the Form or to the Fifed! following ; (that is to fay),

1} Y Virtue of an Adi, made in the	Year	of the

j Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled \infert the 4 7it e of the AEf\ We, the Company ot Proprietors of die laid Bridge; * ineolporate J by virtue of the laid Adi, in confideration of the Sum * of	of	lawful	Money of Great Britain, to us

* paid by A.B.ot	do hereby bar*

‘ gain, fell, and affign unto the fa:d A.B.his Executors, Adminiflran rs, ‘ aud Affigns, he faid Bridge, with its Appurtenances, and all and fin-* gular the Tolls, Rates, and Dories, granted or anfing and payable to * us by virtue of the faid Adi, and all theEitate, Righr, Title, and In-‘ cerell of us the hid Company of Proprietors, of, in, to, or out ot the * fame refpedlivtly. to hold unto the faid A.B. his Executors, Admin'-‘ ftrators, and Affigns, until the faid Sum of

*	together with Interell for the fame, after the Rate

* of	fer Centum ptr Annum, thall be fully paid and latis-

‘ Bed to him or them. Given under our Common Seal, this 1 Day of

And that all Perfons to whom fuch Affignments or Mortgages lhall he made (hall be equally entitled, one with the other, to the faid Tolls, Rates, Duties and Piemifcs thereby «Signed, according and in proportion to the Sums by th;-m refpedlivefy lent ar.d advanced on the Credit thereof, as atorefa d ; a d that the Money fo to be borrowed as afoiefaid, fti i'l be applied and dilpofed of for die cai tying on, completing, and maintaining of ihe laid Bridge, and other Works her,by authorized to be made, a d for carrying the fevcral Powers and Authorities hereby given in o Execution.

XXVIIT. And be it further hnafl d. T at an Entry or Memorial of every fuih Affignment or M >rtg. ge- as a fore faid, containing the Date thereof, the Name or N m?s and Addition of iheParty ur Parties to whom the lame (hall be made, and the S m theieoy ftcured, with the Rate of Intrrcft to be paid for the lanie, fh • !I be mule oren.irted in a Book to be kept for'h it Pm pole, bv t ie Clerk to the faid Company of Proprietors for the T roe burr ; and that fv.ch Ecok (hall an^l may be perufed gratis, at ail leafom b c T tnrs, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the faid B'idge and Uiire r .king ; and that all and eie^y Perfon andP^r-f ns to whom any fuch Affignment or Mortgage (hall be made as afore-faid, or who (hall be enti led to the Money thereby fecurtel, fliaU and

may

793

47° GEOR GII III. SefT.2. Cap. 43.

may from Time to Timeaffign, transfer, and make over his, her, or their Right, Title, and lntereft therein, unto any Perfon or Pnforss whomfo-ever, either by Indorfement thereon, or otherwife ; which Transfer /hail and may be made by a Deed in Writing, in the Form or to the Effect following ; videlicet :

« T A.B. in Confideration of the Sum of	Pounds,	Form rf

< to me paid by C.D. of	Do	hereby	transfer	t( utter.

« the within Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage made to rre, by the Com-« pany of Proprietors of the Sutton Courtney Bridge, bearing Date the i	Day	of	J	and the

« Principal Sura of	Pounds	thereby fecured, and

•	the lntereft now due, and hereafter to grow due for the fame, ard all ‘ my Riuht and Property therein, unto the laid C. D. his Executors, Ad*

*	miniftrators, and Affigns. In Witnefs whereof I have hereunto fee my

‘ Hand and Seal, this	Day of

Andthat every fuch Transfer (hall, within Thirty Days after the Dare H-.rn„rlal„ of thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the faid Company cf Proprietors, Tra™,fe',Vu who (hall thereupon caufe an Entry or Memorial thereof to the fame be eutenC. Purport and Effcil as hertin-beforc directed, with refpedt to the original Alignment or Mortgage to be made or entered in the Book to be kept for entering the Memorials of luch original Alfignmerts or Mortgages ■, and that after fuch Entry (hall be made, but not before, fuch 1 ransfer fliall entitle the Afftgnee or Affignees therein named, and bis, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the fa?d Propristort t»

Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby required, by and out of	Mo-

the Monies to be rail d as herein-before is mentioned, during the Time »<7 advance* the faid Bridge and other Works (hall be carrying on, and until the lame ^ fhall be completed and finilhed, to pay unto every Body Politick or Cor- C°n'P ' porate, and all and every other Perfon and Peifons, and their refpe&ive Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigm, who (hall refpec-

tively fublcrjbe and advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the carrying on and completing of the faid Undertaking, lntereft for the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be advanced or paid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the reipedtive Times of advancing or paying the fame : Provided always. That with refpedt to fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be advanced before the firft Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, lntereft fhall be allowed or paid for the fame only from the Day of luch Meeting.

XXX.	Provided alwavs, and be it further emitted. That the lntereft interefl of of the Money which fhall be raifed by Mortgage as aforefaid (if any) (hall Mortgagees be paid Half-yearly to the feveral Perfons entitled thereto, in Prefe- tobefi“'‘Pa:<’ rence to any Interrft or Dividend which (hall become due and payable

by virtue of this Act to the faid Company of Proprietors, cr any of them, and (hail from Time to Time be fully paid and difeharged, or provided for before any fuch Inttreft or Dividends due to the faid Company of Proprietors (hail be paid or made.

[Lte. yfr.]	9 P

XXXI. And

794-

General and Special Meeting t how to be held.

Bofinefs to he «tune at ilie "FMt General Mceing.

Firlt Committee.

Trea furer m d Clerk to be appointed.

S'jbfequsnt Committees how to be chofen j i heir M etings to be Mcndily-

Their Cx-pences, how u> bi Dome.

47° GEORG II III. Seff.2. Cap. 43.

■XXXI. And be it further enafted, That the General Meetings of the faid Company of Propriem-s for putting this Aft in Execution fh-ili he held on the firft Tuefday in April, in tach Year, at The Crewi and Tb’Jile in Abingdon, or at any other PI tee or Places which the laid Company of Proprietor?, or Three or more of them, fhall at fomr public Meeting, to be held in purfuance of this Aft, appoint for holding any of the laid Meetings; and that the Firlt General Meeting of the laid Company of Proprietors fhill be held at the laid Crown and Thijlle, within Fourteen Days next after the palling of this Aft, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon : but if at any Time it fhall appear to any Three or more of fuen Proprietors, that for the more tffeftual'y putting this Aft in Execution, a Special Meeting of Proprietors is needfary to be held, it fhall be lawful for filth Three or more of them to c .ufe Notice to be given thereof in fome Newspaper circulating in the Coun y of Beiks, or in luch other Manner as the laid Company of Proprietors fbatl at any General Met ting direft or appoint, declaring in fuch Notice the Place where, and the Time when fuch Special Meeting is to be held (the lame net being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and iikewife fprcifying in every fuch Notice the Reafun for, and Intention of fuch Special Meetings refpeftively; and the faid Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pur-fuar-t to fuch Notice, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Aft given them with refpeft to the Matter fo fpecified •, and all fuch Afts of the laid Company of Proprietors, at fuch Special Meetings aflembled, fhall be as valid, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if t ie fame were done at General Meetings held in Manner herein-before appointed.

XXXII.	And he it further enafted. That at the Firft General Meeting of the faid Company of Proprietors herein-before direfted to be held, the Proprietors there aflembled, or Three or more of fuch Propiietor', fhall chufe not lefs than Three Perfons for the Time being Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, which Perfons fo chofen fnall be a Committee to manage, direft, and carry on the building of the faid Bridge, and the Affairs and Bufincfs of the faid Proprietors, for the Year then next following, or until another Committee fhall be appointed, and to do all Matters and Things whatfoever relat ng thereto, and particularly fuch Matters and Things as are by this Aft diiefted to be don* by fuch Com-mifees, and as (hall from Time to Time be ordered by fuch General or Special Meetings as aforefaid y and at the faid Firlt Meeting the faid Proprietors or Three or more of them, fhall alfo chufe and appoint a Treafurer, and alfo a Clerk, who fhall attend the feveral Meetings of the faid Company of Proprietors, and the Meetings of the faid Committees, and make Entries of the Proceedings in proper Books to be kept by him for that Purpofe, and do wha'foever fhall be ordered at fuch Meetings refpeftively tor the Purpofcs of this Aft.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Committee of Proprietors be arterwards annually chofen at a General Meeting of Proprietors, and (hail meet ccnllantly every Month (or oftener, if the faid Committee fhall find it necefiary) at a Day, Hour, and Place to be appointed, until the laid Bridge fhall be completed, and as often afterwards at fuch Place to be by them appointed (not being at a greater Diltance th n Four Miles from the Bridge) after Ten Days Notice given thereof by the Clerk of . the faid Company, as Occafion fhall require! and in order

to

?95

470 GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 43-

to defray the Expence of the Me-tings of the fair! Committee, it (hill be lawful for the faid Committee, and they are hereby allowed, to expend or detain to themfelves fuch Sums of Money ouc of the Capful Stock of the faid Company of Proprietors, for their Expences in attending fuch Meeting, as at fome previous General .Meeting of the laid Company of Proprietors fhai! be fettled and allowed.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, That fuch Committee {hall from TimetoTime make Reports of their P oceedings to, and be fubject to the Examination and Controul of the laid General Meetings of the faid Company of Pro-ptictors, and fhall pay due Obedience to all fuch Or'ers and Directions in and about the Premifes, as (had from Time to T ime be made by the faid Company of P'oprictors ac any General Meeting, luch Orders and Di-refti ms not being contrary to any exprefs Diredtions or Provili ns m this Ad.

XXXV.	And he it further enacted, That the faid Committee of Pro-prirtnrs lhall have Power from Time to Time to make fuch Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the faid Undertaking, to defray the Expences of, or to carry on the fame, as they from Time to Time (lull find neceffiry for the Purpofes aforefaid, fo that the firft Call by virtue of this Act fhall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Share to be fubfcribed, end every lucceeding Call not to exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum for every fuch Subfcription, and fo as no Cabs be made at lefs than the Diflance of Ten Days from each other; which Money fo called for (hall be paid into the Hands of theTreafurer ro the faid Company of Proprietors for the Time being, to be paid and applied in luch Manner as the faid Committee (hall from Time to Time appoint and diredt for the building, making, and completing the laid Bridge, and other the Works and Purpofes aforefaid; and fuch Committee (hall, until the next General Meeting to be holden in Manner as aforefaid, have full Power and Authority to diredt and manage all and every the Affairs of the faid Company of Proprietors, as well in buying Materials for building the faid Bridge, as in appointing One or more Collcftor or Collectors of the Tolls, and in employing, ordering,.and diredting the Works and Workmen, and in placing and difplacing fuch Collector or Collectors, and all Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contradts and Bargains concerning the faid Undertaking, fo that no fuch Purchafe, Bargain, or other Matter be done and tranladted without the Concurrence of the major Part of the faid Committee at any Time alfembled ; and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking (hall pay his, her, or their Share or Shares and Proportion or Proportions of the Monies to be called for as afcreUid, at fuch Time and Place as (hall be appointed by the (aid Committee, of which Ten Days Notice (hall be given by publifhing the fame in fome Newfpaper circulating in the Counties of Oxfird and Berks, or in fuch other Manner as the faid Company of Proprietors (hall at any Special or General Mating diredt; and the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors fhall alfo give Notice by Letter, directed to each Subfcriber or Proprietor at his, her, or their tilual Place of Abode, of each Call, and of the Name and Place of Abode of the Treafurer, to whom fuch Payments are to be made ; and d any Perlbn or Perfons (hall refufe or negledt to pay bis# her, cr their

rateabl*

Ommit'e 9 to malt# Neper*# of pro-ccrding> to th" neral Aireu lies, and to •‘bey their Orders.

Comir.if'ce to make Calls of Money fiom the Proprietors when ne-ettiary, &C.

796	47° GEORGII III. Scffr2. Cap.43.

rateable'or proportionable Part, or Share of the fa id Money to be called for by the fir ft or any other Call to be made by virtue of this Ad, at the Tirtie and Pi are To to be appointed , as afortfa d, it dial! be lawful tor the laid Company of Proprietors to foe for and recover the fame in any of His Majrfty’s Courts of Record, by Ad'.on of Debt, or on t ie Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no ElFoign, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed j and if any Per-fen or Perfons {hall refufe or negled to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Pa't or Share of the laid Money to be called for as aforefaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Pay. ment thereof as aforefaid, then he, (he, or they fo negledhg (hall forfeit his, her, and their refpedive Share and Shares, P^rts and Intcrcfts in the f.id Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, all which Forfeitures (hall go to the Reft of the laid Company of Proprietors in Truft for and for the Benefit of themfelves, in proportion to their refpedive In erefts, or another Perfon (hall and may be admitted in the Place and Stead of fuch Perfon forfeiting as aforeLid, at 'he EFdion of the Proprietors •, all which faid Powers, Forfeiture^, and Provifions, ihall extend to the Perfons who may become Proprietors of new or further Shares in the faid Undertaking, under and by virtue of the Powers herein contained for raifing an adddicional Sum, not exceeding Three thoufand Pounds.

'* *

Limiting	XXXVI. Provided always, That no Advantage (ball be taken of any

htgA^van^" Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, unlefs the fame tafe of For- (hill be declared to be forfeited at fome General Meeting cf the fard Cora, tenures. pany of Proprietors, and every fuch Foifeiture, being fo declared at a General Meeting as aforefaid, but not otherwife, (hall be an Indemnity to and for every Proprietor fo forfeiting, againft all Adions, Suits, and Profecutions whatfoever to be commenced or profecuted for Breach of any Contrad, or other Agreement, between fuch Proprietor or Proprietors fo forfeiting, and the Reft of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying o is the laid Undertaking.

Company to XXXVII. And be it further enaded. That the faid Company of Pro-hi*c Fowei to priecors ihall always have Power and Authority, at any General Meeting, ISTmT to remove or difplace any Perfon or Perfons chufen to be of the Committee and otficers, as aforefaid, or any Colledor or Colledors, or other Officer or Officers, and to appoint fome other Perfon or Perfons in the Room of the Perfon or Perfons lo removed ordifplaced, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules and Diredions by this Ad preferibed and laid down, in regard to their Proceedings amongft themfelves, as to the major Part of them (hall feein meet (the Method of calling Special or General Meet-jugs, and voting and appointing Committees only exceptedJ and (hall and make and have Power to make fuch Rules, B^e Laws, and Orders for the good fzy Government of the faid Company of Prop ietors, and the good and orderly Management of the faid Bridge, and of the Tolls to be taken in refped of the fame, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the faid Bye La vs, Oiders and Regulations, and to impofe and inflid fuch rcalpnable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Ptrfons offending againft the fame, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the major Part of iuch General Meeting (hall feem meet, fuch Fines or Forfeitures to be levied and Recovered by fuch Ways or Mean', as Fines

pi

797

47* GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.43.

or Forfeitures are by this A<ft dircftedtobc levied and recovered ; which faid Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being firft primed or put into Writing, under the Common Sea! of the faid Company of Proprietors, fhall be binding, and he obfervcd by all Parties, and fhall be fuftkient in any Court if Law or Equ ty (ojufttfy «di Pcrfons who fhall aft under the fame, provided that they be not r pugnant 10 the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, ot any 1 hing in this Ad contained.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafled. That if any O wner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the laid Undertaking fhall die before Calls lhall be made for the full Sum to be advanced on each Share, which he, fhe, or t* ev fhall have been polTcfled of or entitled to (without having made Provfiun by Will or otherwife how luch Share or Shares fhall be dif-poled o‘, ;nd the Money paid in upon Calls for the future) then and in lu.h C afr the Execu-ors or Adminiftrators of any fuch Owner or Owners fo dying, and the Truflee or Truflees, Guardian or Guardians, of any I fant , r other P rlon or Pcrfons whomfotver, entitled to the Eftates and Enters of luch Owner or Owners deceafed, fhall be indemnified againfl ah and rvcrv fuch Intant or Infants, or other Perfon or Pcrlons whomfo-tvrr, for p ninn any Sum of Money when called for as at irefaid, to com-plce any f ch Sub cription ; and if any fuch Owner dectafcd fhall not have left Aliet, luffiuent, or in calc the Lxecutors or Adminiftrators, Truftees or Guardians lhall 'efufe or negledt to anfwcr fuch Calls and Payments, the L J Company of Propiiet*«is fhall be and are hereby empowered, autho-

ze<*. and rrquirtd to admit any other Perfon or Pcrfons to be a Proprie-ro or Propritto s of the Share and Shares of fuch Owner or Owners de-tcalrd, <n Condition that he, fhe, or they fo admitted do and fhall, on c: b fore iuch Admiflion, pay to the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch deccalrd Owner or Owntrs, or to the Trtftre or Truftees, Guuardian or Guardians of any Infant, or any other Perlon or Perlons entitled to his, hrr, or their Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which lhall have been bv luch Owinr or Owners in his, her, cr their life-time, by virtue cf any Call or Ca ls, or otherwife, advanced upon fuch Share or Shares j and in Drfauic t f fuch Calls being anfwered and made good in Manner afunfaid, it lhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to fell and d>lpole of the Share or Shares of fuch deceafed Owner or Owners, and P v and apply the Money aiifing by fuch Sale (after deducing the reafon-ab e Charges occufioned thereby) to and for the Benefit of the Kcprefenta-tives of fuch deceafed Owntr or Owners.

XXXIX.	And be it further ensded, Thu it (hall be lawful for the faid Proprietors fevt a! Proprietors to fell or difpofe of anv Share or Shares he, fhe, or ihcy '7?av f,n or fhall and may be entitled to in the faid Undertaking, lubject to the Rules tfceir'lhare*. and Cordiiions herein mentioned, and any Purchafir or Purchalers

fhall fur his, her, or their Security, as well as that of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, have a Duplicate cr Duplicates of the Deed or Conveyance trade unto him, her, or them, and executed by both Parties, One Part whereof fo execurtd fhall be delivered to the laid Company of P.opri-etors, or their Clerk for the Time being, to be filed and kept for theUfe of the laid Company; and an Entry thereof fhall be made in a Bo k or Books to be kept by the faid Clerk for that Purpole, fur which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence fhall be paid; and until fuch Duplicate JLoc&Per.]	jg	of

Directing how tails on Share* undif-pofed cf he. lunging to perfon* dying (hall be made.

On Default of P ymrut, other Perlon* may he ad. mined as Proprietors.

798

Proprietor* iiot to felt their Shfues until Cal.* are paid up*

Form of a

Tiapifer of

Si|A res.

Ko B.iHirfs to he don<“ at tom irtees unlefs Three Pr prietors fhall be pre-fent.

The Treasurer to giveSccu* r.ty,

Pridfre *efted in the Company.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap.43.

of fuch Deed (hall be fo delivered unto the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Clerk, and filed and entered as above dm fie.J* fuch Purclufer or Purcliafcrs (ha.l have no Part or Share of the Profits of the laid Undertaking paid unto him, her, or them, nor any Vote as a Proprietor or Pioprietors.

XL. And be it further enafied, That after any Call of fuch Monies (hall be made by Authority of this Acl, no Perfon or Perfons Ihd! fell or transfer any Share or Shares in the laid Undertaking un il the Monies fo called for upon their elprfiive Share or S ares fo to he fold (hall be paid, under the Penalty of lorfeiting bis, her, or their rcfpefiive Share or Shares of the Lid Undertaking to the faid Company of Proprietors, in Trull for the Bern fir of all the other Propri-tors, unlefs the Purchafrr or Pur. chafers (hall at the Time of fuch Transfer pay the Money lo called for upon Lien Share fo transferred to the Treafmcr of the faid Company of Proprietors, fuch Forfeiture nrvertheiefs to be notified and declared at a General Meeting, in Manner before directed, with rcfpedb to other Forfeitures of Shares.

XLT. And he it further enafied, That the Conveyance or Transfer of the laid Shares (hall be in the following Form, or to the like Efi’efi :

*	\ T A. B. in Confideration of the Sum of

*	towit- J 1 do hereby bargain, fell, and tran-fer. to C. D. his [her, or,

‘ their] Exccuors, Admiriftrators, and Aflign«,

‘ Share ["V, Sh oes, as the Cafe fhall require] of the Undertaking for *' building a Bridge over the River Tbamesy between ihe Panlhes of ‘ Sutton Courttuy in the County of Berks, and Culbam in the County of

*	Oxford, at or near a Place called Culbam Fery, or Culbam Ford, to

‘ hold unto the Lid	his	[her, or, their] Executors,

*	Adminiitrators, and Affigns, fubj fi to the fame Rules and Oidtrs, and

*	on the fame Conditions that I now hold the fame ; and I the faid C. D.

‘ do accept t ic fa d	Share	[ur, Shares,] of the Lid

‘ Undertaking, 1ubje£l to the fame Rules, Orders, and Conditions.

*	VYitnels out Hands and Seals, the	Day	of

XI.II. And be it further enafied, That no Refolutinn (ball be taken, or Bifinefs done at any Meetings of the bid Committee, unlefs the Majority of the Members of fuch Committee be prefenr, nor (hall the Treafurer or Treafurers ifiue out any Sum or Sums of Money fof the Ulc of the faid Committee, without an Order figned by the faid Committee, or the Majority of them, and all fuch Orders for the Pay. ment or Money (hall be entered in ihe Company’s Books; and the Treafurer or Tre.ifurtrs (hall give futh Security for properly accounting for and paying all lucli Monies as (hall come inro his or their Hands as the laid Company o( Proprietors fhall judge nectffary, and the faid Treafurer’s Accounts (hall be examined and compared with the Books of the faid Committee, and fhall be made up, and the Balance fettled and figned by the faid Committee every Year.

XL1II. And be it further enafied, That the faid Bridge, and the faid Toll Houfes and Conveniences to be erefied thereon, or near thereto, and

a	.	alfo

799

47* GEORGII HI. Seff. 2. Cap. 43-

alfo the faid Approaches to the faiJ Bridge, and all the Materials which fhail be from Time to lime gotten or provided for eretting, build.ng. making, maintaining, ana repairing the fame, fhail at all Times bevelled in the faid Company of Proprietors, ard their Succeffors; and when and fu foon as the fiid Biidge and Approaches thereto fhail be ercfled and built, and made fit ai d proper for the Pallaae of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, it frait he lawful for thefaid Company of Proprietors, and theirS .ccrfT>rs, fr im Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, to afk, dema d, receive, t cover, and take, to and for their own proper Ule and Behoof, Hr Po nage, a, or in the Name of a Toll or Duty, before any Portage over the lanl intended Bridge fhail be permitted, the fevcral Sums foilo.ving;

(that is to iay),

p ie > vt T\ P.-Mon on Foot One Halfpenny :	Toll* forpitf-

P r e,e y tiorfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not	th*

frawing. Two-pence :

F< r eve y Afs laden or unladen, drawing or not drawing. One-penny

H ■ fp. nnv:

F> ev^y Bull, Cx, Cow, S'eer, Heifer, or Calf, Two-pence:

F r cve y She p or Lamb, One Halfpenny:

F i c ere Bo^r, Sow, or P g, One Halfpenny :

Tor rv ry Horf, Mare, Gelding Mule, or other Beaft, drawing any Waggon, Dray, Cart, Wain, Timber, or other Carnage (except as after me n'Hrneet) Five-pence :

For every Horfe, Ma’e, Griding, Mule, or other Beaft, drawing any C' ach, Chanot, Chai.e, Curricle, Cnair, Landau, Berlin, Calalb,

Harle, or other Carriage, Sixpence.

XLIV. And be it Arrherenafted, That no Toll fhail be demanded or General F.x^ taken for any H-Kle, or other Beaft, which fhail be drawing any Barge, emptioni. Boat, or other Veffel, or which fhail be attuallv going to or returning from drawing, any Barge, Boat, or other Veffel upon the faid River Thames, or tor any Perfon or Perfons neceffarily attending the fame, or for any Horfe, Beaft, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mads of Letters and Expreffcs under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the lame, or ter any Horle, Beaft,

Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horle,

Mate, or Gelding, furnifhed for or by any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercilc, provided that fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their rcfpc Stive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedtively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid, or for any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Paffcs, or returning therefrom, or for any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from any Election of a Knigth or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid Counties of Berks or Oxford, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or

goo	^"GEORGII	III.	SefT.	2.	Cup.4

on the Day before or Day after foch Election (hall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon or Perfons mall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner wharever, claim and take the Bencfic of any of the Exe npt'ons bv this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhill for-feit and pay, tor every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof (hall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Adi.

Ydt'iTn'the XLV. And be it further enafted, That the faid Tol's (hall be and the Company with fame are hereby verted in the faid Company ot P'oprirtors, and their Sue* ©birds &e cc^ors > and if any Perfon lhall, af er Demand made thereof bv any Col*

L' leftor or Collectors to be appointed as aforelaid, reftife to p<y the fame, it (hall be lawful for fuch Collector or Col left rs bv hi vfelf or ihrm-fclves. on taking fuch Afliltance as he or they (hall think neceffary, to ft ip and prtvent the Paffage of the Perfon or Pcift ns fi rtfu,;ng, or of the H rfe. Brad, Cattle, or Carriige, for or in r fpeCt of which fuch Tolls ought to be piid, until full Paym'nt thereof, or to feizr and diltr.in any Horfe or Hoifes, or other Cattle, fogethri with tlvir 3 id Is, Saddles, G ars, Harnefs, or Arcuuremencs, cr any Cnri ige up n which fuch Toll is by this Aft imp' f d ; and if luch Toll*, an.i the ie.Tenable Charges of fu h Seizure and Diftrels (hill not be paid withm rhe S,ace of F. ur D .vs a ter luch Seizure and D Itief* marie, the Perfon and P. rfons fo fe zing and diitraini >g, (hall and may f 11 the (lorfe or Ho.fe, Ca tie. Carnages, Go ds, Chanels, or Things lo feized and r'ifliatn'-d, ir any Pat thereof, returning the Ovciplus (if any be) and what fh..l remain uni i d, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, aftrr fuih To Is and the oafonab'e Charges occafioned by fuch Seizure, Diftrels and Salt (hall be drdufhd ; and if any Perfun lhall forcibly pafs over the fiid Bridge without having paid the laid Tolls, or (hill aflault, interrupt, or oblbufl any Peifon employ'd in the Collection of the f.id T ells, every Pci fun offending in any of fu^h Cafes (hall, for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, w tereof One Moiety (hell be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Ticafurer of the Company of PrepTctors, for the Purpofes of this Aft.

Toils may be XLVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be Twful for rhe faid red.ce iard Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time at any G neral Meeting laded again. tQ gg	jn pUrfuaRCe 0f this Aft, to leffen or reduce all or any of the

Tolls hereby granted, for fuch Time as they lhall think proper, and to raile again the Tolls fo kffened or reduced, or any Part thcieof, fo that the fame do never exceed the l olls herein-bef ire granted ; and the Tolls fo leflened or reduced, or raifed again, (hall be collected and recovered in the fame Manner as the Toils hereby granted are authorized or directed to be colleftcd and recovered.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That after the faid Bridge lhall be fo far completed as to be declared by the Did Company ofPropr etors, or their Committee, by an Order in their Book, fafe and paffablr, if any other iSrncle Pafon (hall ride, lead, or drive any Horfe, Bead, or Cattle, or any Wag-w’iihi'.l'afer*r gons Cart, or other Carriage, through, ovi r, or acrofs the faid River, at tain Diitance, any Place whatfoever, or if any Peifon lhall for Hire, or Recomp-nce, ow"rtn« th"" c°nvey any Horfe, Beall, or other Cattle, or any Stones, Bricks, Lime, Bridge.	Manure,

Penalty on conveying for Hire Pc dons, Cattle, cr any

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*.2. Cap.43.	801

Manure, or any other Article or Thing acrr.fs the Lid River 'Thames, within One Mile on either Side of die laid Bridge, otherwife than ovef the f*id Bridge, and if any Perfon fhall convey, or permit or fuff.r to be conveyed, in a Boat or Carriage, nr ochetwKe, any Pr (on or Perfons acrofs the Lid River, or over the faid Bridge, within the faid Pari (he s of Sutton Courtney and Culham, or either of them, for or without Hire, or Recompence, to evade, or in any other Manner, or by any other Means, evade the Payment, of any Part of the faid Tolls, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay anv Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treafurer of the faid Company of Proprietors for the Purpofes of this ACt: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to prevent or hinder any Perfon or Perfons cn Foot, or any Horfe or HoTes, or other B.-afh, drawing, or going to or returning from drawing, any Barge or Veflel upon the faid River Thames (but no others) £rom palling or going over the Locks at Sutton Courtney, in the fame Manner as before the palling of this ACt.

XLVIII. And be it further er,ailed, That if the Peifon or Perfons ®*™*?*^** h..ving the Care of any Barge, Boat, or other VelTtl, which fhall be by Bujemtn navigated in or upon the faid River Thames, lhall wilfully, careleisly, or k°tteOwn”re negligently, caufe, permit, or fuffer 2nv Damage or Injury to be done * e to the laid Bridge by any fuch Barge, Boat, or other Veflel, then and in every fuch Cafe, the Owner or Owners of every fuch B^rge, Boat, or other Veffel, (hall be anfwerablc and liable to make Satisfaction to the faid Company of Proprietors for fuch Damage or Injury, and fuch Satisfaction fhall and may be recovered trutn the Owner or Owners of fuch Ba ge. Boat, or other Veflel, in like Manner as if fuch Damage or Injury had been occaiioned by or through his or their own Negligence or Carelcflhefs.

XLIX. And be it farther enaCted, That if the Ferfon or Perfons having Penaityonpaf-(he Care of any Breg-, Boat, or other Veflel which (hall be navigated Jjjf Bridge.'" in or upon the faid River, (hall pafs a Line over the faid Bridge to the Annoyance of PaTcngers or Cattle going over the lame, or if any Per ton (ball haul or draw, or caufe to be hauled or drawn upm or ovir the (aid Bridge, Roads, Way?, or Approaches, any Tree or Pi-ce of Timber, or Stone otherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage, or (hall fuffer any Tree cr Piece of Timber, or Stone, which (hall be upon any Whiel Carriage to drag upon any Pare of the (aid Bridge, Roads, or Approaches, every fuch Perfon (had, for'evrry fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shilling?, to be paid to the Inlormer.

L. And be it further etrafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fnall wil-fuliy 1 r negligently injure, deftroy, or otherwife damage, or (hall ride, or drive, or lead any Horfe, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or ipon any Footpath ■ or CsulewSy rfade or ro be made on the Side or Sides of any Part ot the faid B'idge, Roads, Ways, cr Approaches thereto or if any Driver of any V\ aggfcnor other Carriage (hall wilfully or carticlsly break or damage any of the Pofls or Stones which may be ertCted for the Security or the laid Footpaths crCnfewavs; cr if ary Peifon or Ptifons lhall [Lot. V Por.]	g-R	•	fetape

F^r preventing Annoy ar.ccb.

-Sost	4y° GEORGII III. Sell! 2; Cap.43.

. fcrape off any Mud, Soil, or orh.-r Matter or Thing, which (hall be or lie upon any Parr of the laid Bi idge, Hoads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, with any Inftrun.ent, fo as to damage the lam Bridge, Roads, Wavs, or Approaches thereto, or any Part thcieof; or if any Perfon or Perfons lhall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufb mdry, wichout fome reafonable C«ufe to be allowed by the Juilice before whom the Perfon fo offending fh ill be fummoned or conveyed in order to his Conviftion, or except with regard to fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Cairiage, during fuch realonable Time as the fame lhall be loading or unloving, and Handing as near the Side of the faid Roads, Ways, or App oaches as conveniently may be, in, upon, or on the Sides of the laid Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, either with or without any Horle or Beaft harneffed or yoked thereto, or lhall lay any Timber, Wood, or Buihts, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifb, or other Annoyance whatfoever, upon any Part of the fald Bridge, Roads, Ways, or Approaches thereto, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Perfon travelling rhereon, every Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not lefs than Ten Shillings or mere than Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof lhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft.

'/ama*!![»'* LI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon lhall wilfully or the Bririge^or malicioufly pull down or deftroy the faid Bridge, or any Part thereof, or Works to ue any Toll Houfe to be erefted by virtue of this Aft, every Perfon fo rffend-ofFelony.U l'y ing» and being thereof lawfully convifted, lhall be deemed guilty of Felony.

Bridge not to LII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Bridge (hall not be ad-Coumy"1* jutlged or taken to be a County Bridge, or fubjeft the Counties of Bridge. Oxford, and Berks, or either of them, to the repairing, amending, or fupporting of the lame ; any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof not-withftanding.

tFhen Bridge LIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Bridge lhall at impaffaDie, a any Time become impaffable, or unfafe for Travellers or carriages, the provided.6* faid Company of Proprietors, or their Succeffors, lhall, and are hereby required to caufe the fame to be forthwith rebuilt or repaiied, and made fafe and commodious for the Paffage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages ; and in the mean Time until the faid Bridge fhall be fo rebuilt or repaired, and made fafe and commodious, it lhall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Succeffors, and they are hereby required, during all fuch Time as the laid Bridge lhall be impaffable or unfafe as aforefaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Paffage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, over the faid River, as near to the faid Bridge as conveniently may be ; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons as the laid Company of Proprietors, or their Succeffors lhall appoint for that Purpofe, to demand, colleft, and receive for the PalSge of fuch Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages in the faid Feiry, before they refpeftively (hall be permitted to pafs, the like Tolls as are hereby

authorized

47*GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap.43.

authorized to be taken for pafiing over the faid Bridge ; any Thing here-in-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LTV. And be it further enaded, That the leveral Perfors who have fublcribed, or (hall fubicribe Money towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and paffing this Ad, or cairying the Purpofes hereof into Execution, (haH and are hereby required to pay the rclpedive Sums to fublcribed within fuch Time or Times, and in Vuch Parts and Proportions, as the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Succeffors, or the laid Committee (ball order and dired, and the fame (hall be paid to the Trealurer of thefaid Company of Proprietors; and if any fuch Subfcriber (liall neglect or refute to pay fuch Money as aforelaid, it (ball be lawful for the laid Company of Proprietors to fue for and recover the lame in any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Ca<e, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protedion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hali be allowed.

LV. And be it further enaded, That all the-Orders and Proceedings of the laid Company of Proprietors or their Committee, at any of their Meetings, (hall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpcfe, and (hat! be figned by the faid Company cfProprietor.-, or Committee, prelenc at fuch Meetings, or the Major Part of them, unlcfs otherwifr diredcd by this Ad, and that fuch Entries fo made and fublcribed (hall be admitted to be read in Evidence in any Courc whatfoever; and ail Notices to be given in purfuance of this Ad, the Mode of which is not otherwife direded, (hail be affixed upon the Toll Home or Toll Houfes to be ertded by virtue of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enaded. That all Complaints and Informations of Offences agamft this Act, for proceeding in which no particular Dhedions are hereoy given,and all Complaints and Informations for Offences againft any Rule, Order, cr Bye Law, to be made in purlu nee of this Ad (of which Rule, Order, or Bye Law, when produc-»!, ill Juf-tices are hereby required to take N( tic-*) (h II and may be maue before any Jultice of the Peace for the C ounty or Divilkn wherein the Caufc or Matter of fuch Complaint or Information (hall arife, and every fuch Jultice is hereby authorized and empowered to take Cognizance thereof, and to fummon the Peri'on complained cf to appear before him, and upon the appearing or not appearing of fuch Perfon purfuantto fuch Summons, to hear the Matter of every luch Complaint and Information, by Examination of any Witnefs or Witneffet, upon Oath or otherwife (wichOith fuch Joftice is hereby empowered to adminilter) and to make luch Determination therein as luch Jultice (hall think proper; and upon the Conviction of any fuch Perfon, fuch Juftice (hall and may iffue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture by this Ad im-pofed for fuch Offence, by Diftrefs and Srle of the Goods and Chattels or the Perfon fo con vide d ■, and all fuch Penalties and Foifeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Owner tf fuch Goods and Chattel- (the Charges of fuch Ddhcfs and Sale being firft dedoded) (hell be pa a One Moiety to the Informer or I furn er$, and the other Moiety to the T tafurer to the Lie; Company < f Proprietors, tp be applied lor the Purpoles of this Ad ; and in ale f fficirnt Goods .md Chattels of any Perfon liable to pay any fuch Pcnal.es or builuiurca cannot

be

803

For o'-liging the Suhlrrib-ers t- p'y their Subfcrip-tioai.

Proceeding! to be entered in books.

Info'in-ificns and convictions 'o ‘>e herore One Jultic*.

Tiie Recovery o; Pen hies amt K r-feaurer.

804	47°	GEORGH III. Seff. 2. . Cty-43-

be found, where’>n to make fuch Diftrefs, and fuch Penalties or Forfeitures fhall not he forthwith paid, it fhall be la-.ful tor fucii Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to commit fuch Offender to the Common Goal or Houle of ' oireftion for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until iurh Penalties or Fo feitures (hall be paid c,r compounded for, which Compoficion the faid Company of Proprictois are hereby empowered co make.

fowe.- tode. LV1I. And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againft this Aft may tain jnknown j,e tranflen[ pCifons, unknown to the Collcftos, Surveyors, or other of Offences.tV Officers under this Aft ; oe it therefore enaft-d, That it (hail and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers refpeftively, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon 01 Perfons, guilty of any Offence againft this Aft, and forthwith to conv-y him, her, or them before One or more Juftiees of the Peace for the County where any luch Offence or Offences (hall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft for fo doing.

LVIII. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes whe e anyCon-viftion (hall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft his Aft, or any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this -ft, die F rm of Conviftion fhall be in the Words, or to the Effeft following ■, (ihat is to

foy)	^

F-rm of Con- * dE it remembered. That on this	Day of

V1<a‘0n-	*	in	the	Year of the Reign of

*	A. B. in convifted before	His	Majefty’s	Juftiees

‘ of the Peace, for the	of having [as the Offence /halite]

*	and I [or, we] the faid	do	adjudge

‘ him [iier, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

*	Given	under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the

‘ Day and Year aforefaid.*

Appsal.	LIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any Perfon or Per-

fons fhall think himfeif, herfelf,or themfelves aggrieved by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in purfjantc of this Aft, ft ch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftiees of the Peace at the Firft General or Quarter Seftions of the Peace to be holden for the County (within which the Matter of Appeal fhall arife) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time fuch Matter of Appeal fhall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given Fourteen Days Notice at leaft of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treafurer or Clerk to the faid Truftees, and within Ten Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fomejuftice of the Peace for (uch County or Place, with fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the faid Court thereon ; and the faid Juftiees at fuch Seftions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizancehaving been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and nquired to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and to make fuch Determination therein, and to award fuch Cofts to either of the Parties, or oiherwife, as they fliall judge proper, and the faid Juftiees may alfo order fuch further Satisfaftion to be made to the Party injured as they fhall judge rrafonable ; and all Lch Determination

47* GEORGII HI. Sell'. 2. Cap..43.	805

nation of thefaid Juftice (hall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

LX And be it further enaded, That where any Diftrefs (ball be made D;flrer, n,t for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diftrefs unlawful tor itfelf (ball not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making Win‘°' the fame be deemed a Trtfpaffcr or Trefpaffcrs on Account of any Dcfed or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity that (ball be afterwards done by the Party or PartieJ lo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Adion upon the Cafe.

LXI. And be it further enaded, That no Order, Verdid, Aflefs- proceeding! ment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concern- n'^dfor ing the Convidion of any Offender or Offenders againft this Ad, ofFotm lhall be quafhed for Want of Form only, or be removed or remova- °> bie by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into 0) cl 10 " * any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVejlminJler i any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs phintiffnot lhall recover in any Adion to be commenced againft the laid Com-pany of Proprietors, or any Perfon, for any Thing done in purfuance tics or alter of this Adt, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Tender of Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before fuch Action (hall be commenced, of fuch intended Adtion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caule of fuch Adtion ; nor lhall the Plaintiff recover in any fuch Adtion, if Tender of fufficienc Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Action brought ; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adtion, by Leave of the Court after fuch Action (hall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they (hall think fir, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Atiions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no' Adion or Limitation e* Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing Actions, done in purfuance of this Ad, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every fuch Adion or Suit lhall be brought and tried in the County where the Caufe of Adion lhall arife, and not elfewhere ; and if any fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice (hall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch [Loc.p? For.]	9	S	Cafe

gc6	47*	GEORGII	III.	Scff.2.	Cap.43.

Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verditt, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after theDefenuant or Defendants lhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement (ball be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or ' Defendants (hall recover Cods, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Su e in any other Cafes.

Tublitk AS. LXIV. And be it further enadled, That this AC! (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taker. Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrsw Strahaw, Printers to tht King’s mod Excellent Majpfty. 1807.

“}■*» ;;

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell: 2.

***********************************************

Cap. 44.

An Act to enable His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, to grant Letters Patent for eftabliftiing a Theatre or Playhoufe, under certain Reftriftions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.	[	1	ft Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS a licenfed Playhoufe in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, would be of Convenience to the faid Town, and to Perfons reforting there: May it therefore pleafe Tour Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of an A<ft of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King Georgs the Second, intituled. An Ad to explain and amend to G 2 fo much of an Ad, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of 'guecn Anne, recited, intituled, ‘ An Ad for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

‘ Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Ad of Parliament \ and for the Binniiv ‘ more effedual punijhing fuch Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and ' Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fent,’ as relates to common Players of Interludes; and as difeharges or reftrains all Perfons from repie'enting any Entertainment of the Stage whatever in virtue of Letters Patent from His Majefty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamber-lain of His Majefty’s Houfrhold for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Wejlminjler, or where His Majefty is refiding for the Time being, be, and the fame is hereby repealed with rel'pett to the faid Town cf Birmingham; and that it fhall and may be lawful for H's Majefty, His cs* Per.']	9	T	Heirs

. c. 2S. and

1 with, to

iham.

8io

His Majsfty ir.r.y grant Letters Patent for ellablifliing a Theatretliere.

Requiring Proprietors of the Theatre to appoint a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the Theatre.

Names and Places of Abode of the Committee to be publifhed in the New-fpaper.

Subject to tlie Controul of tiie

Majpftrates.

Fublick Aft.

47° GEORG II III. Sefi*. 2. Cap.44.

Heirs and Succeffors, to grant Letters Patent for eftablifhtng a Theatre or Playhoufe within the laid down of Birmingham, with fuch Privileges, and under fuch Provifions and Regulations for the due and orderly conducting and managing the lame, as to His Majefty (hall feem meet.

II.	And be it further enafted, That within Two Months next after anv Letters Patent flialj have been obtained for eftablifhing a Theatre or Playhoufe, and in the Month of December in every fubfequent Year, the Proprietors thereof {hall appoint a Committee from among themfelves, to confilt of not more than Seven, for the Management of the Concerns of the faid Theatre or Playhoufe; and that the Perfons compofing fuch Committee, or any One of them, fhall and may fue and be lutd in any Couit of Law or Equity, for any Debt due to or owing from the faid Proprietors in refpedt of the faid Theatre or Playhoufe; and that it (hall and maybe lawful for the faid Committee from Time to lime to be appointed, to demand and recover of and from the Receiver orTreafurer, for the faid Proprietors, in cafe he fhall have any Money in his Hands belonging to the faid Proprietors, all Sum and Sums of Money which fhall be recovered againlt the faid Committee or any One of them, and fuch Receiver or Treafurer is hereby required to pay the fame; and in cafe the Rents, Profits, and Produce of the faid Theatre or Playhoufe fhall be infuiheient to pay and difeharge the Debts which may be incurred by fuch Proprietors on account thereof, the Share and Shares of every Proprietor fhall be chargeable with his Proportion thereof in Preference to any other Debt whatfoever; and that it (ball and may be lawful for the Committee to be appointed in Manner aforefaid, or any One of them, to recover of and from iuch Proprieto s of the faid Theatre or Playhoufe, his, her, or their Share or Proportion of any Sum or Sums of Money which may be paid by, or recovered from the faid Committee or any One of them, on account of the faid Theatre or Playhoufe, and to fell and difpofe of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the faid Theatre or Playhoufe, if it (hall be found necefiary for the Purpofe of raifing fuch Proportion of the Expences as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Proprietors, who fhall from Time to Time compofe the Committee for managing the Concerns of the faid Theatre or Playhoufe, fhall within Twenty-one Days next after they fhall be fo appointed, be inferred in fome Newfpaper to be publifhed in the Town of Birmingham aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and beitenafred, That the faid Theatre or Playhoufe, and the Management thereof, fhall be under and fubjeft to the Controul and Imptftion of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Warwick for the Time being.

V.	And it is hereby ena&ed, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Julfices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

♦•♦•n*************************************************

Cap. 45.

An Aft for amending an Aft of the Twelfth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral Roads though the.County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the faid County and for making more effectual and converting the Statute Labour within the faid County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the fame.

[iff Augujl 1807.]

Wife REAS the Laws now fubfifling in Scotland for making Roads and building Bridges have been found infufficient in the County of Lanark, fo that further Powers are neceflary for carrying the Purpofes of thofe Laws iDto Execution : And whereas the Provifions contained in an Aft, palled in the Twelfth Year of His prefent Majelty’s Reign, intituled, An A£l for repairing and widening feveral Roads leading through the County ^Lanark, andfor building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the faid Ccttnty, fo far as the fame relates to the Statute Labour, or Converlion in lieu thereof, have been found in certain Refpe&s inadequate and inapplicable, fo that it is advifable to alter and amend the fame ; and to declare more precifely than has been done hitherto what Perfons are liable [Lee, L? Per.]	9 U	in

814

Triiftees for carrying the Act into execution. and the ir Qualification*

Where there js no Perfun in the Pari fn quali cd, Ttuiiees of the Ward to act.

Provifo when there are not

Two Truf-

47° GEORG I i III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.

in Statute Labour: And whereas a reafonable Compofition in Money’ in'.tcad of Labour, may be found more ufeful and eficftual for making and repairing th;- Roads within the (aid County of Lanark, as well as more convenient for the Perfons liable in thele Services, than the actual Performance of them ; and that it will confequently be of Advantage to the Land Owners within the faid County, in certain Cafes, to convert thefe Services into Money, and to fix the Rate, together with the Rule of Af-fdling, and mode of Levying the fame; but the fame cannot be effected with ur the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majeftv, That it may be enacted ; and, be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament alfem-bled, and by rhe Authority of the fame, That every Heritor in the County of Lanark, who is or (hall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the Polfeflion and Enjoyment of the Property or dominium utile of Lands in the faid County, valued in the Cefs Books at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and their Elded Sons, and all Perfons who fliall at any Time have, and To long as they (hall continue to be pofTelfed of a Qualification to entitle them to be Commifiioners of Supply within the faid County •, the Sheriff-depute of the County of Lanark for the Time being, or in his Abfence his Subftitures; the Lord Provoft, Eldelt Bailie, and Dean of Guild of the City of Glafgow for the Time being; the Deacon-Convener of the Trades'of Glafgow for the Time being ; the Preceptor of Ilutchfon's Hof pital for the Time being; the Provoft and Eldeft Bailie of the Burgh of Lanark for the Time being ; the Provoft and Eldeft Bailie of the Burgh of Ruglen for the Time being ; the Chief Ma-gillrate of the Town of Hamilton for the Time being, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for executing this Act and other Afts relative to Highways, Bridges, Fords, and Ferries, now exifting in and extending to the faid County.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in any fuch Parifh or Parifhes where there fhall happen to be no Perfon qualified to aft as a Truftee according to the Terms of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the Truftees of the Ward in which fuch Parilh is fituated as herein-after mentioned, either at the Annual Ward Meeting or at a Meeting fpecially called for that Purpofe, Notice being given in one of the Edinburgh an d one of the Glafgow Newfpapers, Fourteen Days preceding fuch Meeting ; and the faid Trtiftees of the Ward are hereby required to order and appoint the Statute Labour within fuch Parilh, or Converfion Money in lieu thereof, to be levied and applied according to the Terms of this Aft, and to give ail Directions that may be proper and necelfary for making, repairing, and upholding the Roads within the faid Parifh or Parilhes: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that fuch Power veiled in the Truftees of the Ward fhall ceafe and determine in all Cafes when and where there fliall happen to be Two or more Perfons qualified to aft as Truftees in the laid Parifh or Parifhes ; and fuch Perfons fo qualified lhall have given Notice of their Qualifications to any Ward Meeting legally called by virtue of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if in any of the Parifhes within the faid County there are not Two Heritors poffeffed of Lands as aforefaid,

valued

m *'' •

47° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.45.	S15

valued at One hundred Pounds S ots of valued Rent, then andfo lone as that (hall be the Cafe ail Heritors therein polfefied of I.ands as aforefaid, "t o»e valued at Seventy-five Pounds Scots of valued Rent, (hall be authorized	gcotJ

to be and to ad as Truftees in the faid Pariffi, and in the Ward in which fuch Pariffi lies, but in thefe only, as freely and fully as if they had been pofibffed of the Qnal.fication above mentioned and defcribed ; and there (hall be Ward Meetings and Paii'h Meetings as after mentioned ; the condiment Members ot which Meetings (hall be refpedivrly fuch Truftees aforefaid as either pofl’efs the Landed Property above fp.ecified, or official Qualification within the Ward or Pariffi of which the Meeting is held ; and if any Perfon not qualified as aforefaid (hall ad as a Trultee ar any qU1iiftej. Meeting, or in any Cafe whatever, fuch Perfon (hall for every (ui_h Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, befides the Expence of Profecution, to be recovered by any One of the Truftees duly qualified, by an Adion or Complaint before the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County ; which Sum is to be applied :o the Ufe and Repair of the Roads or Budges in the Ward or Pariffi where fuch Perfon (hall ad / as a Truftee; and the Vote given by fuch unqualified Perfon (hall alfo be held null and void.

IV'. And be it further enacled, That there (hall be held a General ct-nerat Meeting in each of the Three Wards of the faid County Once in every Year; and for that Purpofe the Upper Ward is declared to confift of the Powers and Pari fees of Lanark, Lcffmabago, Carnwaib, Carjiairs, Carluke, Carmichael, Proce;ding», Petiinain, Culter, Covington, Ddpbuigton, Dunfyre, Lil/crton, Symington, fiiggar, Lamingtan, IValJlon, IViJlon and Ribs rton, Douglas, Crawford, and Crawfordjobn ; the Meeting of which Ward is to be held at Lanark, upon the Second ■Tbufday of October; and the Middle Ward is declared to confift of the Pari fees of Han.ilt.n, Blantyre, Bothwcil, Cambufnethw, Dalferf,

D ilzisl, Stoneioufe, Strathaven, Glasfurd, Sbotts, Cldmonkland, Newmonkland,

Cambuflang, and Kilbrydc, with the Exception of that Part-which is annexed quoad facra to the Pariffi of Carmuimock; the Meeting of which Ward is to be held at Hamilton, upon the third Tburfday of October; and the Lower Ward is declared to confift of the Pariffiesot G/afgow, Gcrbals,

Barony, Govan, Catbcart, Rugitn, Calder, Carmunnock, and that Part of Kilbryde,, which is annexed quoad facra to Carmunnock ; the Meeting of which Ward is to be held at Glafgow, upon the fourth Tburfday of Oblcber; and at each of the faid Ward Meetings, Five Truftees (hall be a Quorum ; and the faid Truftees (hall choofe a Prefes and Clerk, with an Allowance to fuch Clerk of luch a Sum as the Truftees (hall judge reafon-able; and the faid Truftees or Quorum (hall, at the firil Ward Meeting to be held after the palling of this Ad, or at an adjourned Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, fix the Days for the Fixft Meeting in each Pariffi as heiein-after provided ; and (hall further at the faid Annual Ward 'Meeting review the Reports of the State of the Roads, Bridges, Fords, and Ferries, and of the Work performed during the preceding Year in the refpedive Pariffies within,the refpedive Wards; and they (halt be a Court of Appeal from the refpedive Pariffies within the refpedive Wards in alL Cales where any Perfon (hall confider himfelf aggrieved.

V. And be it further enaded, That the firft Meeting of the faid ref- Appoint-pective Wards under this Ad (hall be held within One Month after the f Firft palling thereof, or as foon thereafter as conveniently may be.

* 2

VI. And

816 '

Clc-rk to Ward Meetings fhalf keen a R-coid of the Proceeding?, eic.

If n* Quorum prtf n. at War Medina, T> i itces pr i «>t nvty fix a fuhfo qucnt Meeting.

Power and

P'uc e n>s of Pa; tfh.Mcet-ings, &c.

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Clerk, of the refpeftive Ward Mretings fhall enter the whole Proceedings of the Truftees regularly in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe ; and fhall when required give Extratts of the Orders or Proceedings of the Truftees within ihree Days after fuch Requifttion, at the Fee of One Shilling ; and fuch Extratts fhall be a fufficient Authority for putting thofe Orders of the Truftees in Execution ; and the Clerk to the faid Truftees fhall have full Power, and he is hereby required, when directed by a Writing under the Hands ot Three or more Truftees, to call a Ward Meeting by Advertifement, fpecifying the Objeft, in one of the Edinburgh and one of the Glajgow Ncwfpapers, Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting; and no iuch Meeting fhall be called by any Perfon but the Clerk or Three Truftees ; and the Expence of advertifing fhall be paid by the Trufteesjj requiring fuch Meeting, who may be reimburfed out of the Funds of the Parifh, on the Bufinefs of which the faid Meeting is called, provided fuch Parilh Meeting fhall order fuch Reimburrnient to be made.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if at the Annual Ward Meeting held as above directed there fliall not be prefent a Quorum which is declared to confift of not fewer than Five Truftees, if fliall be lawful for thofe who attend to adjourn the Annual Ward Meeting to a future Day which adjourned Meeting fhall be duly notified by Advertifements in the Newfpapers as afotelaid. Fourteen Days previous to the Day of fuch fub-fequent Meeting and it fliall not be lawful for the faid Truftees attending, but w ho do not conftitute a Quorum, to tranfadt any other Bufinefs relative to the Objefts and Purpofes of this Adi but that of fixing the faid Adjourned Meeting; and the faid Truftees fhall, at their Firft Ward Meeting or adjourned Meeting held after the palling of this Ad, fix the Days and Places for the Annual Meetings of the different Parifhes within the Ward ; which Days and Places fliall not be changed but upon Application madet to the Annual Ward Meeting; and it is further declared, that it fliall not be lawful for nor in the Power of any Ward Meeting called fubfequently to the Annual Ward Meeting in the Month of Oftober, as aforefaid, or adjourned Ward Meeting, to alter, vary or annul, the Determination or Proceedings cf fuch previous Ward Meetings, or to give any Orders contrary to the Oiders given at fuch Meetings; fuch Determinations, Proceedings, or Orders, being alterable only by the Truftees aflembled at the next Annual Ward Meeting to be held as above dire&ed.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Truftees, qualified as aforefaid, fliall hold Meetings at fuch Place as fhall be fixed on, wfithin the Parifh in which they are Heritors, poffeffing the requilite Qualification to be Truftees, at fuch Time as fliall be appointed at the Annual Ward Meeting ; and in all Parifh Meetings One Truftee fhall have Power to a£l; and it fliall further be in the Power of any Truftee to call a Meeting of the Truftees of the Parifh at any Time after the Meeting fixed by the Annual Ward Meeting ; giving Notice always by an Advertifement upon the Church Doors of the Parilh, on a Sunday immediately before Divine Service, Ten Days at leaft before fuch Meeting, fignifying the Time and Place of fuch Meeting, and the Purpofe of the fame ; and it is further provided, chat the Truftees in the Earony-Parjb in the Lower Ward be empowered to divide the faid Parifh into Two DiftrRU, the Meetings of which Diftri&s fiia’I be fixed, called, and held

47* GEORGII in. Sefr.2. Cxp. 45.	8iy

in the fame Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as Parilh Meetings are fubjefted to.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees in their refpeftire Parin. M«t-Parifhes (hall, at their refpeftive annua! or adjourned Meetings for the \4F-l Purpofe, choofe a Prefes and a Clerk, w ho may alfo be Collector during a-.il Cleik, its. Pleafure, and who (hall have a reafonable Allowance for his Trouble ;

and the faid Collector (hall if required be obliged to find Security to the Satisfaction of the Truftees, to the Amount of at lead One Years Receipt of the Money to be levied, and to account every Six Months, or ofeener if required, by any One Trultee, before any One or more Juftices of the Peace for th/faid County, upon Oath ; and in cafe any luch Collector (hall rrfufe to give fuch Account, and to fwear to the Truth of it, or (hall refufe to pay the Balance to whomfoever the Truftees (hail appoint, it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, upon the Application of anv One Trultee, to commit the Offender to Jail, there to remain till fuch Balance is paid, or until he be liberated in due Couife of Law.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Clerks (nail keep ex aft

Minutes of the Proceedings of the faid Truftees of the refpective Parilhes ", Mi-* within the County, and (hall enter an exaffc Account of the Money levied n.itcsof Pro-under this Act, and the Application of it, in Books to be kept for that s^u^nike Purpofe, which all the Truftees under this Act may infpeft gratis ; and the an Aiu.u.n Cledc of each Parifli (hill make up and tranfmic to the Clerks of the Ward Meeting, Ten Days at lead before the Annual Meeting, an exact trigs, and regular Report of the Money received and expended on the Roads, the Work performed. Offences committed, and other Contingencies for the preceding Year, within fuch Parilhes respectively ; which Report lhall be li cned by the faid Clerk ; and in cafe of failing to make out and transmit fuch Report the Clerk (hall be liable in a Penalty, upon the Profecu-tion of any One Trudee, not exceeding Forty Shillings* Sterling, to be levied by Poinding, under a Warrant of any One Julticc for the faid County ; and all Figes fo incurred and levied (hall be applied by the next Annual Ward Meeting towards making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the faid Ward.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the Trudees of the different Truftees in Paiifhes within the faid County /hail at their refpective Annual Meetings, Pariiiies (nail or adjourned Meetings for the Purpofe, fix the Rates of Converfion for ["eRoad".&c. Statute Labour in their 'own Parifhes for the Year; and they (hall fuper-

intend and have the Direftion and Management of the feveral Roads,

Bridges, Fords, and Ferries within their refpeftive Parilhes; and they fhall have Power, at their Annual or adjourned Meetings for the Purpofe, to appoint die Order in which the fame (hall be made and repaired, and to appropriate the Services and Monies to be exafted and levied under this Aft, in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper and expedient j always, however, within the Parilh where the faid Labour is exafted, or Afleff-ment levied ; and in cafe any Or,e of the Truftees of the faid Parilh (hall think fuch Appropriation improper he may complain to the next Annual Ward Meeting, giving Fourteen Dajs previous Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Parilh of his Intention to bring fuch Appeal and the Matter there »F; provided that no Parilh Meeting (hall be held later than Twenty-[Lcc. y Per.]	9	X	one

818

Statute Work or Converfion to he applied to each Parilh only.

Parifh MteN ings may ap-point Commit*- es or Ov*. f.-ers to fuperintend the Hoads.

Parifh Truf-tecs inr.y bor-r w Money, <t;.

470 GEORG 11 III. Sefl‘.2. Cap. 45.

one Days immediately previous to the next Annual Ward Meeting; and the Annual Ward Meeting is hereby empowered to hear and determine fuch Appeal, and to direct Redrefs, when necefiary to be given by the Truftees of fuch Parifh, at their firft Annual Meeting thereafter; and the Determination of the laid Ward Meeting lhall be final, and from it there lhail be no Appeal.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That the Statute Labour, or the Con-

verfton Money collected in each Parifh, (hall be laid out in making and repairing the Roads, other than Turnpike Roads in that Parifh only in which the fame is levied ; and it (halt be lawful for the Truftees of Parifhes to choofe Committees of their own Number, or fuch other Perfons refiling within the Parifh as they (hall think fit, to fuperintend the making or repairing of the Roads for theenfuing Year; or they may appoint Overfeers in eacii Parifh to fuperintend and dire&the Work; fuch Overfeers being allowed fuch reafonable Compenfation for their Trouble as the Truftees fhall fix ; and fuch Committees or Overfeers fhall receive from the Collector of the Parifh fuch Sums as the Truftees fliall authorize to be laid out on the Roads direfted to be made or repaired ; the faid Committee or Overfeers giving in Annually to the Clerk of the Parifh, on or before the firft Day ol Oflober an exadt Account, fupported by Vouchers, of the Sums expended by them as aforefaid ; and upon their failure to do foit fhail be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County to fine the Defaulters in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied by Poinding, befuies the Expence of Execution ; which Fines fo levied fhall be applied by the Truftees to the Repair of the Roads within the faid Parifh.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fliall be lawful for the Truftees of a Parilh, but not ui lefs Two Thirds of them in Number agree to do fo, to borrow upon the Credit of the Converfion Money within-fuch Parifh fuch Sums of Money as the faid Truftees fhall deem expedient for making and repairing the Roads within fuch Parifh, fo that thefeSums do not in all, at any Time, exceed Seven Years Amount of the Converfion Money of fuch Parifh; and the Meeting at which fuch Loan is to be pro-pofed fliall be called fpecially for the Purpofe; Notice thereof being always given Ten Days, at lead, previous to fuch Meet’ng, upon a Sunday by Advertifement, upon the Parifh Church Doors; and the faid Truftees fhall be authorized to aflignto the Lenders the Proportion after mentioned of the faid Converfion Money, or Part thereof, for fuch a Term of Years as fhall be fuflicient to repay the Sums borrowed, and Intereft; and the faid Parifh Truftees fhall further be empowered to enter into Contracts and Agreements, and to renew the fame from Time to Time for making, repairing, and upholding the faid Roads, for any fuch Term, not exceeding Five Years, as the faid Truftees fliall think fit; provided, that not more than One Half of the faid Converfion Money in any Parifli fliall either be afligned in Security for Loans, or appropriated for Contracts, for making, repairing, and upholding the faid Roads; the remaining Half of the faid Funds being always referved to be difpofed of at the Annual Parifh Meetings, or adjourned Meetings called for the Purpofe ; and in cafe the Statute Work or Converfion Money in any Parifh fhall not have been applied in making or repairing the Roads therein, as above directed, it fhall be lawful for the Truftees at their Annual Ward Meetings, or adjourned

47° GEORGII III. Setf. 2. Cap.45.	819

journed Meetings, to apply fuch unapplied Statute Work or Converfion Money to the Roads in any Parifli within the Ward, the faid Meeting fhall judge proper.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacled, That the Lord Pro- M.uiftrates vcft, Magiflrates, and Council of the City of Glafgow, fhall have couiidT™ the foie Power and Direction of exacting, levying, and applying of ctiaigow the Statute Labour and Converfion Money within the Rojalty Ipp^rafute of the faid City •, and that fuch Labour or Converfion Money fhall be LabourM -rpplied in making, paving, and repairing the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and " >' ”‘tthin th* Common Sewers within the faid Royalty ; and if fuch Labour or Con- ) ' verfion Money fhall not be fo applied, it fhall be lawful for any Two

Truflees to enter a Complaint thereof to tire annual Meeting of the Lower Ward, which upon fufficient Caufe fliown fliail be authorized to order fuch Labour or Converfion Money to be applied as above direftei , and to appoint a Committee of Truflees to fee that fuch Application is duly made ; which Committee fhall report thereon at the next annual Ward Meeting ; and in order ihe more effectually to carry the Objeft of this Act into Execution, it fhall be lawful for the Lord Provoft, Magistrates, and Council «f the City of Glafgovj, to appoint Committees, Clerks,

Collectors, Overfeers, or fuch other Officers as they fhall think fit, for fuperintending, exacting, levying, and applying the Statute Labour or Converfion Money within the faid City and Royalty ; any Thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That a Book or Books fhall be kept met t ksep by the laid Lord Provolt, Magiflrates and Council, or by fuch Perfon AtC0d'-t--or Perfons as they fhall appoint, wherein fhall be fairly en ered an Account

of all Monies levied and laid cut by them under the Powers contained in this Aft ; which Book or Books fhall be balanced yearly on the Thirtieth Day of April (the firfl Balance to be ftruck on the Thirtieth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred.and eight,)]anda State of the Rectipts and Difburfements for the Year preceding fhall be lodged in the Council Chamber of the faid City on or before the Thirtieth Day of June an-r.ually, there to remain for Six Weeks, open to the Infpeftiun, without Fee or Reward, of every Perfon liable in Payment cf the aforefaid Con-verfion Money.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the faid Ma- Town of

giflrates and Town Council of the City of Glafgosv fhall hereafter pay GUfgow to from the Money railed for the Converfion of the Statute Labour co^verhon within the faid City, to the Truflees of the Weflern Diftrift of the Ba- forUmis?* rony Parifh of Cla/gow, Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, as a Converfion ^veyt,inde<i for the Statute Labour of the Lands annexed to the Royalty of the 0>	’

faid City by an Aft paded in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years

of His prefent Majefly, intituled. An AH for extending the Royalty of the City of Ghfgow over certain adjacent Lands ; for Raving, Lighting, and Cleanfing the Streets ; for regulating the Police and appointing Officers and Watchmen ; for dividing the City into Wards and appointing Commijftoners, and for raffing Funds, and giving certain Powers to the Magijlrates and Council, ana Town and Dean of Guild Courts for the above and other Pur-pvfes; which Sum. of Ten Pounds fhall be in lieu of the Sum of Five Pounds authorized to be paid by the faid recited Aft.

.	a

XVII. Provided

$ 2G

Frovifoas to the Town of Hamilton.

Labour or Convcrfion, how to be ra* ted, &c.

When Lift* have been neglected, or improperly jnaJe up, they fhall be made up or reclined, Sic.

47aGEORGII III. Setr.2. Cap. 4.5.

XVII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained lhall prevent the Magiftrafes and Council of the Burgh of Hamilton from having the foie Power and Dirrftion of exafting, levying, and applying the Statute Labour and Converfion Money within the laid Burgh, and Liberties thereof, in Terms of an Act, palled in the Tenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AEl for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, wear the Town ^Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That the Truftees in each Pa-rifh or Quorum of the fame, lhall at the firft Parilh Meeting to be held after the palling and by Authority of this Aft make up a Lilt of the Ploughgates of Land, and Subdivifions of Ploughgates within the Parilh ; and where the Lift of Ploughgates and Subdivifions thereof within any Parifh have not been afeertained under the former Law, or where l'uch Lifts have been improperly or inaccurately made up, it fhall be in the Power of the faid Parilh Truftees to alcertain and fix what Portion of Land lhall conliitute a Pioughgate, whether the fame be kept in Tillage or Pafture, and fo in proportion for each Subdi-vifion of a Pioughgate ; and a Copy of fuch Lift of Ploughgates and Subdivifions thereof fhall be tranfmitted forthwith by the Clerk of the Parilh to the Clerk of the Ward Meeting, to be entered in the Book kept by him ; provided that it lhall not be in the Power of the Truftees in any Parilli to diminilh the Extent or Number of Ploughgates therein; and the faid Parilli Truftees fhall be empowered to take fuch Proof as they fhall think needfary for aicertaining the Number of Ploughgates or Subdivifions of Ploughgates in the Parifh ) and they lhall further be empowered, at the annual Parilli Meetings, to make fuch Alterations upon their Lifts as miy be necefiary in confequence of the dividing of I roperties or Farms, or cf the Improvement and Cultivation of Lands, or or any other Caufes, and to take the necefiary Proof as above provided for lo doing ; and whoever lhall think themlelves aggrieved by the Lifts fo made up or altered by the Parilh Truftees, or by any Part of their Proceedings relative thereto, may complain to the next annual Ward Meeting, giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Parilh of fuch Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the Ward Meeting lhall detuininc the fame; and from which there fhall be no Appeal.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That if the Parilli Truftees negleft to make up the Lifts of Ploughgates, as above provided, or if there is reafon to believe or fufpeft that they have been made up in an improper or inadequate Manner, it fhall be lawful for the Truftees at any annual Ward Meeting to appoint a Committee of Two or more of the Truftees within the Ward, with all Powers neceffary, and which Committee lhall be authorized to make up fuch Lift, where the fame has been neglected ; to examine Lifts made up ; and if the fame are improper, or not fuitable to the Amount, Condition, and Circumftances of the Land in the Parilh, to make a Report thereof to the next annual Ward Meeting, which fhall accordingly reftify the Lift complained of, and appoint fuch re&ified Lift to be obftrved as the proper Lift till legally altered in Time to come: And whoever fhall think themfelves aggrieved by the Proceedings or

Report

47° GEORG 11 III, SeflT. 2. Cty.4{.	821

Report of the Committee af >refaid, or the Procedure of the Ward Meeting thereupon, may complain to the Meeting of the Juftices of the Perce and Commiflioners of Supply, held at Lanark in the Month of April yearly, when the Land Tax is laid on, giving Fourteen Diys Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Ward Meeting of f irh Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the Laid Meeting lhall determine the lame ; and from which there lhall be no Appeal.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That a'l Heritor'; who are in the ww Ptr'on* aftual PofTeffion of their own Lands, (under which Defcrip’ion are in-eluded Grafs Grounds let without Liberty of Tillage for a Term not ex- bour, cetding Three Years) and all lenants and Poffeffors of Land throughout the County of Lanark, fhall be liable, in Name of Statute Services, to farnifh for each Ploughgate of Land afeertained as above directed. Six Days Labour annually, of Two able Men, Two able Horfes, and Two proper Carts ; or in the Option of the Pirifh Truftees they (hall in lieu of rhefe Services pay fuch a Converfion AfTefftnent in Money as the faid Services could be procured for within the Lid Parifh ; and the faid Rate fhall be alcertained and fixed by the Parifh Truftees at the refpeclive Parifh Meeting, proper Evidence for that Purpofe being adduced before them by the Clerk of the Meeting ; and the faid Truftees upon Confederation of fuch Evidence lhall declare what is then the Rate of iuch Labour within the Parifh, and the Clerk fhall enter the fame in the Minutes of the Meeting ; and the fame lhall be levied upon each Ploughgate or SuHdivifion of a Ploughgate of Land, andfo in pr iportion for a larger or fmaller Quantity of Land : Provided always, that no PolfelTor or Occupier of Land, however fmall the Quantity, (hall be afiTetfed at a Rate lower than that of a Hnufeholder; and whoever fhall think themfelves aggrieved by the Proceedings of the Truftees at the annual Parifh Meeting, in fixing an- declaring the Rate of Labour as above provided, may appeal to the next annual Ward Meeting, giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Parilh Meeting of fuch Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the fa'd Ward .Meeting fhall determine the lame; and from which there fhall be no Appeal.

XXL And be it further enabled, That all Perfons whatfoever within K«p-rjof the faid County of Lanark who fhall keep a H >rfe or Horles, in Hoifeinot which are included Carriage Horfes uled by them, or by others with Linrs'i'iabie their Permiffion, for any other Purpofes than thofe of Hufbandry, fhall in Three be liable to furnifh Three Days Labour of a Man, a Horfe, and a Cart, iPu^.nnu-Uy for each Hoife, as Statute Services upon the laid Roads yearly ; or in forea^h the Option of the Truftees of each Parilh in a convenient Afl'effment for Horfe* each Horie or Horfes fo kept by them, the Amount of which (hall be afeertained by the Truftees at the Parilh Meetings as is above direfted with regard to the Rate of Converfion upon Occupiers of Land ; Perfons conceiving themfelves aggrieved having alfo the fame Remedy by Appeal as above provided ; and the Rate and x\m- unt fo fixed (hall be the Rate throughout the faid Parilh for the enfuing Year's; but it the faid Perfons fo alfe.'.ed are liable alfo for Services or Converfion Money in rtfpeft of - ,	.

Lands polTdfed by them, they fhall not be rated Twice, but fhall have x-rr-tl0n-Deduftion for luch of their faid Horfes as fhall appear to the Parifh Truftees to be neceflary for labouring the faid Lands: Provided always, that for all Iiorles employed under Ground, in Collieries, no [Lee. {s? Per.]	g	T	Labour

821

Coturers for.

being H »i(e-holilers, 1 o be liable in Two or I' our Days Labour.

Ixem_t!on f'o n ltaute Labour.

R«>« of Co-i-rerfion to he levied from the Houfe holders .n Cla%ow.

Left I abour

or C u vtrfioii may be exacted.

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.

Labour or Converfion Money (hall b; exigible, but that the Proprietors, or Keeper* Hull in refpedi of fuch Horfes be totally exempted therefrom.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That all Cottagers, Labourers, Co.liers. Miners, Nailors, Salters, Manufacturers, Mechanics, Tradef-men. Journeymen, and all Workmen whatfoever, at any putilick Work or Manufactory, or eifevrhere within the faid Coun y, being however Houfeholders of the Age of Eighteen Years and upwards, and not liable as aforefiid as Occupiers of Land, or Keepers of Hories, fhall be liable foi not fewer than Two nor more than Four Days Labour annually each Perlon, inltead ol the Six Days Labour yearly formerly required by ihe Statutes; or in the Option of the Parilh Trufiees in a Converfion in Money for the faid Days Labour; and the Amount and the Race of the faid Days Labour (hall be afeertained by the Truilees at the Paiifh Meetings, as is above directed with regard to the Rate of Converfion upon Occupiers of Land and Keepers or Horfes ; but all ellabliihed Clergymen and Schooimafters, unlefs they are Occupiers of Land as Heiitors or Tenants, or are Keepers of Horfes as aforefaid, as alfo ail Apprentices who receive no Wages, and Farm Servants hired by the Yeai, or Half Year, fhall be exempted from Payment of the Affefiinent aforefaid ; and it fhall further be lawful for the Parifh Trufiees to free or exempt from all or any Part of the (aid C mverfion Money all fuch Perfons as fhall appear to be in indigent Circumftances, or who are from other Caufes unable to perform the Work or pay the faid Afieffinent : Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That difeharged Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, are not on account of their Services, or in virtue of any Privileges conterred on them, entitled to any Exemption whatever, according to the Terms of this Act.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the Converfion auihorized to be levied Annually, in purfuance of this Adf, from each Houfehoider, not otherwife liable in Terms of this Aft, as a reafon-able Allowance inflead of thr Services of S'x Davs Labour Yearly, formerly required by Law, fhall within the Royalty of the City of Glofgov) ; be exafted and levied according to the following Rates and Proportions,; that is to fay, each Houfehoider, the yearly Rent of whofe Houfe is under Five Pounds Sterling, (had pay the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling Yearly; each Houfehoider, the yearly Rent of whofe Houfe is |Five Pounds or upwards, but under Ten Pounds Sterling, fhall pay the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling ; and each Houfehoider, the yearly Rent of whofe Houfe is Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards, (hall pay the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling Yearly ; which Rents fhall be afeertained from the Books kept by the Government Surveyor in the faid City.

XXIV.	And be it further enadled. That if the Trufiees in any Parilh fhall at any T ime be of Opinion that the Roads in the laid Parifh are in a complete State of Repair, it fhall be lawful for the faid Trufiees to exadt and require fuch leffer Number of Days Labour, or Converfion Money in lieu thereof, from thole liable in the fame, as the faid Trufiees may judge fufficient for keeping the faid Roads in conftant good Repair ; and provided always, that the Debt contradled by fuch Parifh fhall have been pre-vioufly difeharged.

XXV. And

47° GFORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap. 45.	823

' XXV. And be it further enafted, That all thofe who fhall be called out by the faio 1 ruflees at their Patifh Meetings to perform Statute Ser- tJj;ei 0... to vices in relpeft of their Occupation f L ind, fhall far tlh for Six whole w 1 th^tiper-Davs Yearly, Two able Men, with Two able Horfes, and Two proper	"icc*retc?

Cart*, with all nectflary Implements of Labour, f r each Ptoughgate of Land afcertained as above provide !, ami fo in proporti n as near as can be fixed for a greater or fmaller Parcel or Quantity of Land ; and the faid Drivers, Horfes, Carts, and Implements, fhall be in good and fuf-ficient Order ; and thefe, together with all other Drivers, Horfes, and Carts, liable as aforefaid to perform Sta ute Service in Terms of this Act fhall, when ordered, continue faithfully at w <rk to the Satisfaction of the Qveifeers, or others duly appointed, Fight Hours at leafl each Day, in One or more Yolk:ngs; and each Carr (hall at every Loading carry Ten hundred Weight at leafl of Mat'-ria's lor repairing the faid Roads ; ana all Perfons who by virtue of this Aft are called out perfonally to perform Statute Services fhall appear punctually when requ:red by the Ovcrfeers, either bv themlelves, or by fit Perfons employed and paid by them, fur-nifhed with neceflary Implements for !o doing, and (hall work to the Satisfaction of the faid Overfeers Ten Hours at leafl each Day : Provided always, that each Day’s Work which fhall not be performed to the Satisfaction of the Overfeers, or others appointed, whether by Horfes, Carts, and Drivers, or Labourers, fhall be held as not performed at all; and thofe failing (ball continue liable to complete their Statute Services, or to pay the proportional Converfion thereof, befides the Penalties for Non-performance or Non-payment, at it they had retufed to perform altogether in the Manner herein-after enacted ; provided alfo, that all Perfons 1 ab'e to perform Statute Services in Terms of this Aft fhall be called out at any Time or Seafon the faid Truflees fhall judge mod convenient, Seed Time andHarvefl being always excepted ; nor fhall any one be obliged to perform Statute Work on any Road or Place to a greater Diflance than Four meafured Miles from their Place of Refidence; and where the faid Statute Services have been converted into a '■umof Money the faid yearly AfiefT-rnent fhall be paid by thofe liable in the fame to the Colleftor of the Parifh, on or before the Fourteenth Day of February Yearly for the current Year; pre ious Notice having always been given of the Time and Place of Payment by the faid Colleftor, either perfonally, or by leaving the Tame in Writing at the Dwelling Place of each Perfon, or by Advertisement at the Parifh Church on a Sunday, Ten Days at leafl prior to the Day of Payment.

XXVI. And be it further enafted, That all Perfons liable, who fhall neglcft or refufe to perform the Statute Services when required, or where tholt have been converted, fhall negleft or refufe to make Payment of the Converfion AlfcfTment when demanded, as above enafted, fhall be fub-jefted in double the Sum at which the faid Services fhall or might be converted ; and the whole of fuch increafed Converfions or PenaLies fhall be levied in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, who are hereby required to grant the fame, proceeding upon the Oath of the Colleftor or Overfeer of the Parifh,

•bearing, that the Defaulters have not performed the Statute Work, or have not paid the Converfion Money ; and fuch Warrants fhall contain Authority for poinding the Defaulter’s Effcfts; and the Officer to whom

the

Penalty on Peifons lectinp io pr< frm Struts Woik, &t.

824

47° GEORG!I III. SeiT. 2. Cap.45.

the fame fhall be directed {hall forthwith poind the readieft Goods and Fffefls or the 1 lefaulte’- ; and Three Davs thereafter ihall le 1 the fame by ptibiirk Roup, at the Market Town or Villagenex to the Place where fuch Diligence was ufed for P-yme. t ot the Sums c >ntain«J in the War-rant, and the 1 xpence of Execution, rendering the Overplus to rhe Owner on Denian ; and no Sft, Sufpenfion, Complaint, Appeal, or Action, fhall flay Payment of the Converfion AfTcifment or Execution as afrefaid for recovering the fame: Provided always, tha in ca'e the fad CollcAors ot Ovcrfetrs fliall, upon a C omplaint to T>vo Juftices tor the faid County, 1 e found to have wilfully made a falfc Charge or Accuhtion, and upon w .ich the laid Warrant or Diltrefs as aforefakl has proceeded, the fa d Juftices (hall award Damages to ireble the Value, with Cofts, to be paid by fuch Offender to the Pcrfon aggrieved.

C'ontenRoiij incre-f d Com" (ion for Default, etc wav n certain CalfS be re ov. red by rrttt-ment, etc.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That where Perfons earning Wages, whether hired and employed by the Year, or tor a longer or fhorter Period, and whether they are in th: Employment and Service of private Individuals, or are engaged and employed at Coal Works, Mines, Furnaces, Bleach Fields, Print Fields, Cotton Mills, or other Works or Manufactories, have failed or neglected to pay the Converfion Money to which they are personally liable, it (hall be lawful for One or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, upon Application, confirmed by Oath of the Collector of the Parifh where fuch Defaulters refide, to grant Warrants, and all fuch Juftices are required to grant the fame, containing Authority to arreft the faid Defaulter's Debts or Wages in rhe Hands of the Individuals by whom the faid Debts or Wages are due and payable, or in the Hands of the Preprietors, Leflees, or Managers of the A orks or Manufactories aforefaid; and the faid Collector (hall be a .thorized to purfue and make the fame forth-c .ming, in Sa isfaftion of the Converfion Afleffment due, Penalty, or increafed AfTcflinent for Defau't, with the Expences of recovering the fame ; fuch Individuals, Proprietors, Leffees, or Managers, being authorized to retain end deduct the faid Sums frpm the Debts or Wages due or payable by them, to the Defaulters as aforefaid.

aeguhtion XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the Truftees in each Parifh fer p rtc virp throughout the faid County of Lanark fhall complete the making or Re-theRoad»,	qJ. fucjj Roads as require and are appointed to be made or repaired in

their refpe&ive Parifhes, on or before the firfl Day of September yearly ; and if the TrufEes in any Parifh fliall negleft to make the faid Roads, or repair the fame, on ot before the Time fpecified, they fhall forfeit the Ri hr to the Statute Labour or Converfion Money intended for thefePur-pofes, and the Grant thereof fhall accordingly become null and void ; and it fhall not be lawful for any Individual whatfoever to repair the Roads in any Parifh, even at his own Expence, either prior or fubfequent to the faid Firfl Day of September yearly, unlefs he has obtained leave from the Parifh Truftees, who are empowered to fuperintend and dired the faid Repairs, and to flop the fame if improperly conduced : Provided always, that Parifh Truftees may at all Times andSeafons, order Holes or Ruts to be filled up, or fuch Repairs to be made as may be necefiary to render fuch Roadspaflable, and a fufficient Accefs and Accommodation to the Publick; and the Ovcrfeers of Paiiflies (after having obtained a Warrant for fo do-

9	inS

47° GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap.45.	825

doing, under the Hand of Two Tru flees in the Pariffi), are authorized to take out of any Lands that fhall appear to them molt proper ar.d convenient, (except from Gardens, Orchards, Nurf lies. Plantations, Lawns, or Pkafure Grounds), Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials, for making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the faid County ; and the faid Overfeers fhali provide proprr Places adjacent to the faid Roads for depoficing thefe Materials j Notice being always given to the Proprietors before fuch Materials are taken away, and Satisfaction being likewife made to the Owner or Occupier of the Grounds from which tuch Materials are taken, or upon which they are laid, for the Surface, and other Damages thereby occationed, the Amount of which fhall be afeertained before Two Juiiices of the Peace as herein-iafter directed.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon fhall leave Carts or No Pwfon, other Carriages, without fufficient Caufe or longer than neceffary to load „ai,v to ter unload the fame, or (w’ith the Exception of Materials for repairing the Obitniiiion*. faid Roads, and that under the Authority and with the exprefs Approba- ya;o,,',^Uon tion of One or more Truftees) (hall lay, or caufe to be laid, any Timber, on or rear Stone, Lime, Dung, Compoft, Soil, Rubbifh, or other Nuifance, or lhe RoaJi‘ Matter whaefoever, on or (unlels within a fufficient Fence) nearer than Five Yards to the Side of the faid Roads (except Materials for building Houfes, and inclofmg Grounds, no Part however of which fhall be laid on the Road, or into the Ditches or Drains along the Side thereof); and all Perfons fo offending, and convicted thereof before One or more Juiiices cf the Peace for the faid County, upon the Oath of One or more Wit-neffes, fhall forfeit a Sum for each Offence, not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling j to be recovered in the fame Way as the Converfion Money for Labour as above diredled, One Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied in making and repairing the Roads within the Parifh ; and no Perfon, under the Forfeiture and Penalty aforefaid, to be recovered and applied as aforefaid, fhall make, erect, or conftrudt gny Sawpits, Tanpits, Lintponds, Limekilns, Brickkilns, Cinderkilns, Fur-nace«, or o;her Nuifances, w ithin Eight Yards from the Centre of the faid Roads, befides being obliged immediately to remove the fame; and in rale it fhall not appear who. laid down the faid Timber, Stone, Lime,

Dung, Compoft, Soil, or other Matter, or made, eredled, or conftrufted the laid Pits or other Things above mentioned, the Poffeffors or Occupiers of the Grounds upon which the fame fhall be laid down or made, or the Poflcfiars or Occupiers of the Grounds next adjacent to the Place on which the faid Matters ihaii be found or made, fhall be held to be the Layers down or Makers thereof, and become liable accordingly.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon fhall haul or draw Noperfou, upon any Part of the Roads any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber, Stone, or ""1<Jer aop'' any other Thing whatfoever, but fuch Things fhall be conveyed upon a or dras any” Wheel Carriage; nor fhall any Perfon fuffer any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which is conveyed upon a Wheel Car- turn »iMou4h, tiage, to drag upon any Part cf the feid Roads to the Injury thereof; ° p-uture nor fhall any Perfon turn a Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, or failure Hori’es or Cattle of any Kind on the Sides thereof; and all Logs of Timber exceeding Twenty-four Feet in Length fhall becarried on Four Wheels, or on a double Carriage; and whoever fhall be conviCted before any One or more Juftices or the Peace of the faid County, upon

826

cr make a Cut acrofs them.

Houfe or other Building to be erc&ed within 20 Peer of the Centre of the Road.

Truftee* to snake 1‘oot-laths &c.

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.45.

the Oath of One or more Witneffes, of any of the Offences aforefaij, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and applied in Manner before directed ; and no Perfon (hall make any new Cut or Opening acrofs any Part of the faid Roads for the Purpofe of directing any Water-courfe, or orherwife, with-out the Authority of Two or more Truftees of the Parifh previoufly obtained in Writing ; and whoever (hall be convifted as aforefaid of fuch Offence iiiall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above directed, befides being obliged to rellore the Road fo injured to its former State; which ialt PiefUtion the Poffeffor or Occupier of the Ground adjacent lhall be liable to fulfil, in cafe the real Offender is not difeovered within Three Months after a Notification and Rcquifition made to fuch Poffeffor by any Two Truftees, of the Offence committed.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall make or erect any Houfe, or other Building, excepting only Stone Fences or Walls, not exceeding Six Feet in Height, within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any of the faid Roads; and any Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above diredted ; and the Perfons fo offending fhall alfo be obliged, when ordered to do fo by any Two or more Truftees, immediately to remove every fuch Houfe or other Building; and upon their failing to do fo within Thirty Days from the Time that a Notification in Writing has been given by any Two Truftees of the Encroachment, it fhall be lawful for the Parifh Truftees to order the faid Buildings to be removed, and to charge Offenders with the F.xpence of doing fo, to be recovered in the fame Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties, as above dtredfed,

XXXir. Aid be it further enatted, That the faid Truftees at their Parifh Meetings fhall have Power to caufe Footpaths to be made along the Sides of the fair! Roads, where and of fuch Breadth as they fhall think fit, which Fcotpaths are to be taken off the Breadth of the Roads and if any Perfon fhall wilfully break up, injure, or deftroy, or ride, or drive Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage', upon fuch Footpaths, and fhall be convided thereof before One or more Juftices of the Peace, upon the Oath of One or more Witneffes, fuch Perfon fhall, over and above the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be applied the one Half to the Informer, and the other Half in making and repairing the Roads within the Parifh ; and the faid Truftees are authorized to order, where they fhall think it neceffary, Outlets or Paffages for the Water, from the Ditches or Drains on the Side of the Roads, to be made through the Ground of any adjacent Proprietor, and to make'befides, fuffkient Drains or Ditches parallel with the laid Roads; and the Poffeffor of fuch Grounds lhall be obliged thereafter to keep the faid Paffages, Drains, and Ditches, clear and open; and wnere a Drain or Ditch runs along the Side of the faid Roads the Occupiers of the adjacent Grounds fhall keep rhe fame clear and open, fo as to allow a free Paffage for the Water; and if the faid Occupiers of Lands fail to do as above directed, any Two Truftees are empowered to order the faid Paffages, Drains, or Ditches, to be cleared from Time to Time as may be needful, and to recover the Expences thereof (to be afcercained by the Account of the Overfeer, or other Perfon employed to do the fame) from

827

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.

the Occupiers or PofTefibrs of fuch adjacent Grounds, in the fame Manner as the Converlion tor Statute Labour is herein directed to be recovered.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That where Hedges or Branches of Trees hang over the Road, fo as to annoy or obftruci the free Paffage, or to iujure the Road, the*Poffaffor fhall, at a proper Seafon of the Year, cut and drefs up inch Hedges to the Height of Five Feet, and lop off luch Branches of Trees as prove a Nuilance to the Road ; and if fuch PofTefibrs fail to dofo when required by the Overfeer, any Two Truftees may appoint Perfons to cut or lop fuch Hedges or Branches at fuch proper Seafon, at the Expence of the faid PofTefibrs, to be recovered in the fame Manner as Converfion Money ; and the faid Poffeffor fhall be obliged to carry w hat Brufhwood or Branches are fo cut or lopped off the Road, and out of the Drains or Ditches, withrn Three Days after being cut or lopped, or elfe to forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties above directed, befides the Expence of removing the faid Brufhwood or Branches.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Parifh Truftees mav at their Meetings caufe the Roads to be meafured, and Mde fton.es or Pofts eredted thereon ; and if any Perfon draft wilfully break, deftroy, damage, deface, pull up, or remove fuch Mile-ftones or Pofts, fuch Perfons fo offending, upon being convidted thereof before any One or more Juftices of Peace for the faid County, upon the Oath of One or more Witneffes, fhall, over and above the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Stone or Poll fo broken, deftroyed, damaged, defaced, pufed up, or removed; the faid Sum to be applied, One Half to the Informer, the other Half in making and repairing the Roads within the Pari ih in which the faid Mile-ftones or Pofts were placed ; and that whoever (hall wilfully throw down, deftroy, or damage any of the Bridges upon the faid Roads, or the Ledges or Parapet Walls, or other Parts thereof, and fhall be convicted cf fo doing, before any One or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, upon the Oath of One or more Witneffes, fhall, befides continuing liable ro aft the Pains and Penalties, to which by Law they may be otherwife fubjt&ed, and befides being liable for the txpence of repairing the Damage di ne, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in the fame Manner as other Penalties above dire&ed ; and fuch Forfeitures fhall be applied, the One Half to the Informer, the other Half in repairing the Roads and Bridges within the Parifh wheie the faid Damage has been done; and in cafe the Perfon fo offending and convicted in any of the Cafes aforefaid fhall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels from w-hich fuch Forfeitures and Expences may be levied, it fnaft be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, by Warrant under their Hands, to commit fuch Offenders to any of the Common Goals of the County, there to remain for a Space not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of the Penalty and Expences aforefaid.

XXXV.	And beit further enafted, That the Parifh Truftees fhall further be empowered to ftraighten and to widen any of the faid Roads within the Pariib, to a Breadth not exceeding Thirty Fee.', exclufive of the Ditches or Drains on each Side thereof; but it fhall not be lawful for the faid Truftees to commence or take any Steps in the widening or

•	rf	Heightening

Hedge? or T«c-s injuring the Roads to b? lapped and pruned.

Mi'eftanes may he crofted, which arc not to nc be*

ft roved or injured und?r a Penally.

B'idgesnoon the faid Roadi not to !>e injured, under a Penalty,

Roads may le ftraighten. etl ana widened, and Fen. Ms and Kon. f s removed tor that pjr. poie. Scc.

S28	47®	GfeORGII	III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.

ftraightening of fuch Road till the propofed Operations have been dated bv them, in Writing, to the Annual Ward Meeting, or adjourned Ward Meeting, and have received its Approbation; due Notice being always given of fuch intended Application, by Advertifement at the Parilh Church or Churches, Two Sundays before fuch Meeting ; and if any one having Intereft fhall obje£t to the propofed widening or ftraightening of the faid Roads the Ward Meeting (hall decide on the Points brought under their Review ; and if no Objections are dated, or if the Ward Meeting approves of the propofed widening or heightening of the faid Roads, the faid Parilh Truflees (hall be empowered to remove Fences and Houfes the ■Side Walls of which do not exceed Twelve Feet in Height, as well as all other Obllru&ions ; Six Months Notice being always given to the Proprietor or PolTelTors of Houfes where the fame are to be removed; but Compenfation (hall be made to the Owner of fuch Houfes for the Value of the Buildings j and no Fences lhall be removed, or Ground taken Pol. (Son of, in order to (traighten or widen fuch Roads above Twenty Feet, exclufive of Ditches and Side Drains, till a&ual Payment made of the Compenfation for fuch Fences or Ground to the Owners or Tenants, or others having Intereft therein ; and the faid Compenfation for Houles, Fences, and Ground taken in order to (traighten or widen the faid Roads above Twenty Feet as aforefaid, (hall be ascertained in the Manner herein-after directed.

Inconvenient XXXVL And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the Kuads may Truflees in any Parilh, or for any Heritor or other Perfon within the faid an^uWeft County, conceiving themfclves interefted therein, to apply by Petition to Roads (hut up. the annual Ward Meeting of Truflees, to have the Diiection of difficult or inconvenient Roads altered, and fuperfluous or ufelefs Roads (hut up; Proceiurrre- aild the faid Ward Meeting (hall thereupon name a Committee of at lealt irrtiveto fuch Three Trultees, one of whom (hall be a Juftice of the Peace for the faid epetatiom. County, to infpeft fuch Roads, and report their Opinion of what is propofed to a fubfequent Ward Meeting ; and the Committee lhall order the faid Petition to be intimated One Calendar Month before the Meeting of fuch Committee, for Inlpeffion of the Proprietors of the Grounds through which the Roads arepropoFd to be carred, eitrer petfonally, or at their Dwelling Places, if they rdide within the faid County, or otherwife to the Poffcffors otihe ia. . Grounds, and by Advertifement upon the Church Doors of the Pariffies in which the faid Grounds fie, upon a Sunday, Ten Days at leaft b-ff'e fuel) Meeting • and upon Report made by the Coma mittee to the W„rd ftieeiing they fhall hear all Parties interefted, and are empowered to order the Direction of fuch Roads to be altered and changed and fuch (uperfluous Roads to be (hut up, providing that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to confer on the faid Trultees a Power to alter the Courfe, or (hut up any Turnpike Rofo j and no fuch new Road (hall be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, Nurfery, or Pleal'ure Ground adjoining to any Marfion lioufe, without the Coni'ent of the Owners or Proprietors of the fane-, and tire (aid Committee of Truflees fhall overfee and fix the Line of Direction for the new or varied Road as approved by the Ward Meeting, nd lhall fet off the Groupd ne* ceflary for the fame, being a Space not lowever Ids than Twenty Feet, nor more than Thirty beet In Breadth, exclufive of Ditcijes and Sfde Drains : Provided always that any Perfon thinking himfelf aggrieved by theftopping up of fuch fuperliuous Roads, lhall and may appeal dgainft thefame in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXVII. And

47° GE ORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.	829

XXXVII,	And be it enacted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Truf-tees, and they are hereby empowered to contraft and agree with all Bodies or Ground. Politick or Corporate, and all Perfons holding Lands under Entail, or fubjeft to Life Rents, or other Incumbrances, with Tutors, Curators,

Trudees, and every other Pcrfon though under legal Difability ; and all fuch Perfons are hereby empowered and required to contract and agree with the Trudees, and to fell, le-, and convey to them, all fuch Lands,

Iloufet, or other Premifes, as fliall be r.eceflary for repaiiing, altering, or widening the faid Roads.

XXXV1IT. And be it enacted, That in taking Poffeflion of the OnDifagree-Ground neceffary for repairing, altering, or widening the laid Roads or Q*r'*e"an{'lie other Purpofe of this Aft, or if in removing any Houfe, Fence, or other value tobe Impediment, the refpeftive Owners or Occupiers of lueh Lands, Houfes, " je"ainsd l,y or other Impediments, (hall not come to a voluntary Agreement with the Trudees for the Value thereof, or for the Damage ludained by, and the Recotnpence to be mide to fuch Owners or Occupiers, it fhall be lawful for either Party to apply to the Sheriff depute or Sheriff fubditute of the County of Lanark, who fhall be empowered to determine the fame, with all Cods that may arife therefrom ; and the faid Sheriff depute or Sheriff fubditute (hall fummon a Jury to confid of not fewer than Twelve qualified Perfons, to enquire into the Value of fuch Ground, Houfes, or other Impediments, into the Damage fudained by the Proprietors, and into the Recompence to be made by the Trudees for fuch Damage ; and the Jury being fworn and impannelled fliall return a Verdift upon the Matters fub-mitted to their Enquiry and Judgement, which diall be final ; and the faid Sheriff depute or fubditute (hall adjudge the Value and Recompence thereby awarded to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons having Rlghc thereto; and upon the Sum awarded being paid by the Trudees to the Perfon or Perfons to whom they have been fo adjudged, or in cafe of his, her, or their refufing to accept, upon being configned in the Hands of the Trea-furer of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Hands of the Manager of any Branch of either of the faid Banks kept within the County of Lanark, the Trudees fhall have Right to remove the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Ground, Houfes, or other Premifes, to enter into the Poffeflion and Ufe thereof for the Purpofes aforefaid, as fully and effectually as if fuch Owners or Occupiers had executed regular Difpo-fitions of the fame, and Infeftment had followed in favour of the Trudees ; and the faid Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff’depute or his Subditute, diall be final, and not removable or queffionable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Sufpenfian to or by any other Court whatfoever, any Law or Ufageto the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXIX.	Provided always and be it er.afted, That in the Event of fuch Kxi>?nc* of Jury awarding a greater Compenfaiion than the Trudees fhall have offeied, >r; .> «hom but lefs than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupier', fhail have b= paid’ required, the Expence of fuch Jury fliall be defrayed and borne by the laid Trudees and the faid Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in cafe the Jury fhall award to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum fo required or any greater Sum, the whole ofthe faid Expence fhall be paid by the faid Trufl es ; and on the other Hand if the faid Jury fhall award the Sum offered by the faid Trudees, or a ieL Sum, the Whole of the faid Expences fliall be paid by the faid Owner [Lee. & Per. J	10 A	or

$3°

4.70 GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 45.

or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers : Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall by reafon of Abfence be prevented from treating with the Hid Truttees, fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and pa d by the faid Truffees ; and provided alfo, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers or any Lands or Houfes, fuch Sum as the faid Truftees fhall think rcafonable, it fhali and may be lawful for them to enter into or upon fuch Lands or Houfes for the Purpofes of this Aft, and no flop fhall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the faid Truffees on Pretence of fettling the faid Damage, or that they have not been fatisfied and paid : and in cafe any Perfon interefted {hall apply for and obtain from any Judge comp -trnt, a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the Purpofes to be carried on under the Authority of this Aft, the (aid Judge fhall be and is hereby empowered and direfted to recall fuch Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforefaid, provided fufficient Caution is found by the Truftees therein named for the Amount of fuch Damages as may ultimately be awarded to the Perfon fuing for the lame, and afeertained in Manner herein-before prelcribed.

aMe"to Pef-	XL. And be it enafted, That whatever Money fhall be paid by Agree-

f,ni under	ment, or by Award as aforefaid, for Lands, Tenements, Houfes, or

ubin.yt'l'^w ot^er Subjefts fo taken or ufed by the Truftees, which were held under ro b; aiipcfed Entail, or fubjeft to Life Rent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or b longing to sny Corporation, martied Woman, Minor, Lunatick, Idior, or other Perfon under legal Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money, in cafe i the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, {had be under the 1 Authority and Direftion of the Court- of Seflion, and fhall, without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or fuch other Bank as the Court fhall direft, upon the higheft lntertft that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the laid Court, in the Purchafe of Land Tax, or in the Dif-chargeof any Debt or Incumbrance affefting the faid Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts, or affefting other Lands or Houfes belonging ro the fame Peifons, and fettled to the fame or like Ufes, or under the like Conditions and Limitations ; and when fuch Money cannot be applied to thefe or like Purpofes, then the fame fhall be laid out in the Purcha(e or on the Security of other Lands, Houfes, and Subjefts of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof fhall be devifed to the fame Perfon or Perfons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the fame Ufes and Purpofes, and under the fame Provifions, Conditions, and Li-mi ations, as the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjefts taken and ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, were devifed and fettled, or fuch of them as (hall be then exifting and capable of taking Effeft ; and in the mean Time, until fuch Purchafe < r Security can be effected, the In croft of fuch Money fhall be paid, by Authority of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Hems and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, or other Subjefts fo taken and ufed by the Truftees.

cf.

If lefs than zoo\ ami am.Vv *ol.

XLI. And be it enafted, That if fuch Money be Id's than Two hundred Pounds, but fhall e ceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at tfie Option of the Perfon o: Perfons who far the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houfes, and other Subjeccs

conveyed

831

470 GEORGII III. SeC 2. Cap. 45.

conveyed to or taken by the Truilees for the Purpofes of this Act, to be lignified in Writing under their refpeclive Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Truilees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Truft, to be paid into one or other of thefaid Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before-diredted ; or otherwile the fame Ihall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truilees to be named by the Perfon or Perfotis making fuch Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this Act, in order that fuch Money, and the Intereft arifing thereon, may be applied in the Manner before dijredted, fo far as the Circutnftances of the Cafe Hull make it practicable.

XLII. And be it enadted. That where fuch Money Hull be lefs than jf ]ers than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of *ol. the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of tne Lands, Houles, and other Subjedls fo taken and conveyed for the Purpofes aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the Trultees or anv Two or more of them (hall think fit; or in cafe of Truft to his or their Truilees, or in cafe of Minority, or Lunacy to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Per-lons fo entitled refpectively.

XLIII. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons in ofeofnot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe xH-s^jc'cf of any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, purchafed by virtue of this Acl, fhall refufeto accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premires to the Satisfaction of the faid Truilees, or in cafe fuch Per on or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch C. ife it Inall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truf-tees or any Two or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in thefaid Lands,

Houfes, or other Subjects j deferibing them] fubject to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the Court of Selfion ; which faid Court on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Par thereof by Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummarv Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court thall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and ir.veiled in the Public Funds, and to order Diilribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Ellate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Pretnifes as to the laid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Calhier or Calhiers ol the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who fhall receive fuch '-uni or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts tor fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpec fying for what and for whofe Ule the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons r.s fhal! pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

r r

XLIV. And be it further enatled, That where any Oueftlon fhall arife where any touching the Title of any Perfon to anv Money to be"pa;d into the faid Q.J-i;ion thah

■	1	1	,	ante touching

Bank the Jtig to

tucii Money,

S3-2	47*	GEORG	11 HI. ScfT. 2. Cap. 45.

Bank in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Houfes or other Subjects, or ofanyErtate, Right, or Intereft, in any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, the Perfon or Perfons who fhail have been in the PofTeffion of fuch Lands, Houfes, and other Subjects, at the lime of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, ihall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjects, according to fuch PofTeffion, until the contrary (halt be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court ofSeffion ; and fuch Money and the Intereft thereof fhail be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs i: fhail be made appear to the faid Court that Inch PofTeffion was a wrongful PofTeffion, and that Tome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Houfes, or other Subjeds, or to Tome Eflate or Intereft therein.

The court XLV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where by iMfonaWe reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Cor-Expcncesuf poration, entitled to any Lands, Houfes, or other Subjeds to be pur-he rC!'d !>t0 chafed un *er the Authority of this Acl, the Purchafe Money fur the lame TruiUe*/ fhail be required to be paid into the Lid Banks, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Houfes, or ether Subjects, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Ad, it fhail be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Prr.hafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fb much of fuch Expences as the Court fhail deem reafon able, together with thcncceiury Colts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, t > be paid by the faid Truftees, who fhail from Time to Time pay fuch Sums o; Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhail direct.

old Roads XLVl. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in cafe the majrbtfoM. Courfe of the faid Roads lhall be altered as aforelaid, the faid Truftees Ihall and they are hereby authorized and empowered as loon as the faid new Roads fliall be completed and made pa liable and convenient for Carriages, to fell the Ground which conltituted the old or former Roan to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hr 11 be willing to become Purcbafers thereof, for the bell Price that can be reasonably had or got for the fame, but the Perfon through -.vhofe Grounds the old Road paifd Ihall be preferable to all others, if he be inclined to make the Purchafe, and fhail give Notice to the Clerk of the Truftees that he claims fuel) Preference, at any Time before the new Road is completed, and fhail at the fame Time make Oiler of fuch Price as he is willing to give for theold Hoad, and if the Truftees do not think proper to accept that Offer, the Price to be paid by him fbalt be determined by a Jury, and the Expence defrayed in the Manner above directed ; and the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhail be applied and difpofed of for the Purpofes of this Act; and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of fuch Lands and Grounds comprifed in the faid old Road being executed by the- faid Truffle; s fhail be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and in cafe any Perfon through whole Grounds the old .Jtoad fhail pafs fhail not agree or fftall refufe to purchafe inch old Road it (hall be lawful for any Perfon not interefied in the Premifes, to make an Affidavit, to be fworn befoie any One of Elis Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace for the laid County, dating

47° G E O R G11 III. Sett 2. Cap. 45.	833

(hat fach Offer was made by or on Behalf of the faid Tiufteec, and that •fnc Perl i has it agreed or has refufed to pu chafe fuch old or former Road, as f _ Cafe may he ; and fuch Affidavit (hall in ali Courts whaf-feever be furtic'e'it Evidence and l’roofthat fuch Oder was made and not agreee to or refufed by fucli Perfon.

XLVI I. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of the Compen- Rul?« of pro. fation to be in.de to any Perfon or Perfons for the Damage fuitained in confequence or the Powers granted by this Aft, (except as to Itraight- not f.wcuiiy ening ami widening the Roads, and as to altering and ihutiing up the fame, £™VI<ie‘1 for' as above-nuntioned) (hall be afeertained and determined by a Sentence of Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the faid County ; and whoever fhail think them/eives aggrieved by the Sentence or Judgement of the faid Juflices of the ’eace, upon any of the Mat ersor Things referred to their Determination, may appeal for Redrefs to the next General or adjourned Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County ; which Appeal {hall be lodged within Six Days after the Date of the Sentence complained of; and the Decifion of fuch Juftices at the Quarter Seifions fhall be final, and from which there fliall be no Appeal.

XLYUI. And be it further enafted. That all Actions and Complaints 4ainn|jn,n for any oi the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft, (Arrears of b. brought Cor.veifion Money, and Penalty theieon excepted) and for any Wrong or Injury done or fullered, in any Matter relative to or in confequence of any of the Powers given by this Aft, lhall unlef. where herein otherwife provided, be originally brought before Two or more Juftices of the Peace iur the faid County ; and the faid Aftions or Complaints (hall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture has been incurred, Wrong done, o Injury fuffered, and fh ill not alter that Period is elapfed be fuftained ; and whoever has incurred a Penalty or Forfeiture under this Aft lhall, over and above the faid Penalty or Forfeiture, be liable for all Expences attending the Profecution for the Offence in confequence of which the Penalty or Forfeiture has been incurred ; and in all Cafes where any one offending, and convifted, has not tulficient Goods and Chattels from which the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Expences may be levied, it lhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, by Warrant under their Hands, to commit luch Perfon to the Common Gaol of the faid County, there to remain fur a Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of the faid Penalties, Forfeitures and Expences.

aI.IX. And be it further enafted, That the" Truftees of Parilhes Ccnverfion wiihin ihe faid County lhall be empowered to apply fuch a Portion of the AfTcfrxtnt Conversion Alfeliment levied in the Parifh as they lhall judge fit and ex- Jdf/d^n bniid-peciem, : >r repairing and building Bridges within the laid Parifh ; and	re-

's here it happens that a Bridge either to be repaired or built isfo fuuated Sud^. as 10 unite ftparate Parilhes, the Expence of the fame lhall be defrayed by ihe Ltd Parilhi., in propoition always to the Amount of the Converfion A lie !:ment relpeftively levied therein: And it is hereby provided, that nothing in this Aft contained fliall be conflrued fo as to alter fo much of Emftmentof the Pruvifions of the Sixteenth Aft of the Second Parliament of King ,66?' Charles the Second, intuuled, An Ad for repairing Highways and Bridges 1 ’ as directs that the Sum of Ten Shillings Scots lhall be levied upon each \J.k. fs-PfrJ]	to	B	Hundred

834

Exnrnce of tfi Apih'w iu be paid.

App-al in in eafeot being aggrieved.

?ublick Act.

47* GEORG 11 III. SciT. 2. Cap. 45,

Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent poffdfed by Heritors within the faid 0 numv, but the fame fhall continue to be at the Difpofal of the annual Meeting of the Jullices of the Peace and Ommiflioners of Supply forihefaid County, held at Lanark in the Month of Ap il yearly, for the Ptu poft of repairing Roads and repairing and building Bridges within the faid County,

L. And be it further enafted, That the Expence of obtaining this Aft (hall be defrayed by the different Parilhes of the faid County j each Parilh contributing its Share of the Sumfo required out of the firff Year’s Converfion Affdfment, under the Authority of this Aft ; the faid Share to be in proportion to the Amount of the laid Converfion Affdfment to each Parifh refpeftively ; and in order to fix the faid proportional Shares the Clerks of Parilhes lhall, as foon as the Amounc of the Converfion Affeffment in the Parifh is known and fettled, tranfmit a Return of the fame to the Clerk of Supply for the County, who fhall forthwith ftrike the Proportion for each Parifh ; and upon his communicating the fame in "Writing to the Parifh Clerks, they in conjunction with the Collectors, are authorized and required immediately to levy and pay to the Clerk of Supply the faid Shares out of the firfi; and readiefl of the Converfion Af-felfment impofed and levied by Authority of this Aft,

LI. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons flnll think themfelves aggrieved by any Order of the Truftees, or by any Thing done in confequence of fuch Order, or by any Perfon or Perfons acting under their Authority, every Perfon fo aggrieved or injured, where no other Remedy is provided by this Aft, may complain by a fummary Petition to the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subflitute, or to the Juftices of the Pence affembled in their general Quarter Seflions for the faid County of Lanark, and fuch Sheriffs and Juftices are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all fuch Cafes as lhall be brought before them.

L1I. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT. 2.

*** **#*•*******»** ***«***«**^**** ********* *

Cap. 46.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft, of the Twentv-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tibjhelf\ and a Branch from the fame Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the fame County, [ift Auguft 1S07.I

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Tw'enry-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton to Tiblhelf, in the fame County, and alfo a Branch from the fame Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the fame County :	And	whereas	the Truftees appointed in or by virtue

of the faid Aft have made great Progrefs in making and repairing the faid Roads, and have for that Purpofe borrowed a confiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftill remains due, with a confiderable Arrear of Intereft, and cannot be repaid, and the faid Roads effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlel’s rhe Term granted by the faid Act be continued, and fome of the Powers of the faid Aft altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty ; that it may be enafted, arid be it enafted by rhe King’s \Loc. fc? Per.]	10 C	molt

26 G. c 151.

Trufh-es have proceeded in the Execution of the faid A&.

83S

Term enlarged.

New Truf-tees.

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2, Cap. 46.

mod Excellent Maj-’ftv, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, and all the Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) fhall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofcs, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft, but fub-jtfl neverthelefs to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which (ball commence and take Effeft upon the palling of this Aft; and this Aft, and the Additional Term hereby granted fhall be, and are hereby declared to be, fubjeft and liable to the Pjyment of all the re-fpeftive Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit, or on account of the faid recited Aft; and alio of fuel) other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid former Aft, or of this Aft, and of all Intercft now due and to grow due for the fame re-fpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted, That Lord George Henry Cavendi/h, William Cavendijh, John Balguy the younger, Bryan Thomas Balguy, Jofeph Bradjhaw Clerk, James Bowen Clerk, John Bower, Obadiab Boot, George Bownes, John Browne, William Brookjhaw, Richard Beres-ford, Edward Bramley, John Bryon, John Bowler, Jonathan Binchffe, Thomas Burton, William Booth, D'Ewes Coke the younger, William Coke, John Coke, John Mujlers Chawortb, John Chambers, JoJepb Clarke, William Clay, John Carey, Thomas Dutton, John Dutton, Matthew Downing, Samuel Downing, William Downing, James Fletcher, Henry Fletcher, William Fletcher, William Goodall, George Goodwin, Sir Thomas Windfor Hunloke Baronet, James Hunloke, Francis Hurt, Francis Holmes, Ima-nuel Halton, John Crejfy Hale, James Hall, William Hunter Hunter, Charles Vicars Hunter, George Hopkinfon, Richard Hill, William Hill, Robert Hill, Francis Hepworth, John Hunt of Toadhole, John Hunt of Wingfield Manor, George Hodgkinjon, William Harvey, Daniel Hopkin-Jon of Toadhole, Daniel Hopkinfon of Heage, Samuel Hickton, William Hickfon, William Brooks Johnfon, William Jeffop, William Jeffop the younger, John Innocent, William Kirkland, William Kemp, Peter Kendall, William Jeffery Lockett, George Lowe, Charles Lowe, John Lifter, Edward Miller Munday, Henry Cafe Morewood Clerk, John Muglifton, George Muglifton, Samuel Macbin, John Machin, Bakewell Machin, Henry Moore, David Mufhett, William Nuttall, Edmund Outram, Jo/eph Out-ram the younger, John Outram, Thomas Pearfon, Jarvis Prince, John Parker, Chriftopher Rollefton, John Radford, Thomas Radford of High-am, Samuel Roberts, Benjamin Rickards, Samuel Radford, Thomas Radford of Ufton Fields, William Riley, Edward Sacheveral Sitwell, William Snowden, John Robert Sharpe, Robert Summers, Benjamine Smith the younger, Henry Stratford, Edward Sampfon the younger, Samuel Sutton, John Sampfon, William Sampfon, Luke Sampfon, John Spencer, William Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Siddall, William Saxton, George Saxton, William Turbutt the younger, Richard Burrow Turbutt, Clerk, Thomas Travis, John Topham, James Turton of Ripley, John Turton, William Tagg, Abraham Tagg, John Wilmot, John Eardley Wilmot, Thomas Webfter Clerk, John Wood Clerk, John Slater Wilkinfon, Robert Wood, William

Wilftn,

839

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 46.

Wilfon, William Wat hey, John Wathey, John Wilfon, Robert Wocd-ward, James Wragg, William Wilfon the younger, George Wilfon, Thomas William Williamjan, John Woolley, Daniel Woolley, James Woolley,

John Wooding, and George Watfon, (hall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Truftees for putting the faid former Aft, and this Aft in Execution; and that the faid Truftees hereby appointed, and their SuccrlTors, and other new Truftees to be appointed at fome Medina: held in purfuance cf the faid recited Aft, and of this Aft, (of which Notice fhall be inferteci in the Derby Mercury Twice, previous to i'uch Meeting,) being qualified, according to the Directions of the faid former Aft, together with the Truftees, appointed by or in purfuance of the faid former Aft, fhall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to put the faid former Aft, and this prefent Aft, in Execution.

III.	And whereas the Tolls now authorized to be taken on the f>id Authorizing Road are found inefficient for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft, and of

this Aft : Be it therefore enafted.That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truf- Additional tees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and Toll*, required to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, over and above the refpeftive Tolls, by the faid recited Aft authorized to be taken one additional full Toll from all Perfons who (hall pal's with any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, on a Sunday, through any Turnpike crefted, Sunday or to be erefted, on or by the Sides of the faid Roads ; (except Public Toll.

Stage Coaches and Fi(h Carts), and that it (hall alfo be lawful for the faid

Truftees to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, between

the T hirty-firft Day of October and the Firft Day of May, in every Winter Toll.

Year, (except on Sundays,) over and above the refpeftive Tolls by

the faid recited Aft authorized to be taken one further half Toll,

in addition tofuch refpeftive Tolls, from all Perfons who (hall pafs with

any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, through any Turnpike erefted, or to

be erefted, by virtue of the faid recited Aft, or of this prefent Aft,

upon cr by the Sides of the faid Roads ; which faid additional Tolls (hall

be, and the fame are hereby vefted in the Truftees for executing the faid

recited Aft, and this Aft ; and the fame (hall and may be demanded,

levied, recovered, applied, and difpofed of, in the fame Manner, and

to and for the fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as in and by the

faid recited Aft is mentioned and declared, with rtfpeftto the Tolls

thereby granted: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall

extend to empower the faid Truftees to receive or take Toll, in any One

Day, from any Perfonor Perfons travelling upon the fame Roads, at more

than One Gate between Alfreton and Heage, or at more than One Gate

between Alfreton and Higham, or at more than One Gate beeween Alfreton

and Tibfhelf.

IV.	And whereas feveral of the Exemptions granted by the faid recited General Aft, have been found very detrimental to the faid Roads, be it therefore Exemption*, enafted, That the faid Exemptions (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed, and that from and after the palling of this Aft, no Toll lhall

be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horles, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed

only

47° GEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap. 46.

only in carrying or conveying, on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Parilhes in which any Part of fuch Roads do lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but pafling to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Corn, Grain or Grift, carrying to or from any Corn Mill, being in any of the Hamlets, Townlhips, or Places through which the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, (hall lead ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages returning unladen after having carried any fuch Corn, Grain or Grift, fuch Corn, Grain or Grift, being for private Ufe only, and not for Sale; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould,Dung,Compoft, Lime, or Manure employed in Hufbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or forany other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the faid laft mentioned Townlhips or Parilhes ; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to, or returning frorti Pafture, or Watering Places; or going to be, or returning from being Ihoed or farried ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifirjng any Tick Perfon, or upon other, his Parochial or Minilterial Ducy, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprelfes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Pofttruftei-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding, fuch Mails or Exprefles, or in returning back, from conveying toe fame; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpedive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpedively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforcl'aid ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Pafifes; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Paflenger on Horfcback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to ferve in Parliament for the County of Derby, or for the Borough of Derby, on the Day or Days of fuch Eledtion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledtion (hall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions, by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every

fuch

$4*

47® GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 46.

fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fliall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fliall be applied to the Purpofes of the laid Ad, and this Ad.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That no Perfon fhallhave, or beentided to N° £*-any Exemption from Toll, allowable by Law, on account of Waggons,

Carts, or other fuch Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels ot the jn particular Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or upwards, if the Fellies or Tire of fuch Cafes Wheels fliall deviate more than One Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, or if the Nails thereof (hall not be fo counterfunk, as not to rife above the Surface, any Thing in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one Aft of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purpofes, or in an Ad made in the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, ‘ An Aft for repealing a Claufe in an Aft made in the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejty, intituled, * An Aft to explain, amend, and reduce into

*	One Aft of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating ‘ the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England,

* and for other Purpofes,’ which relates to the counter finking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and ether Carriages to be ufed on Turnpike Roads, and for explaining a Provifon in the faidAft with refpeft to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of Six Inches or upwards,’ to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding. And it fliall be lawful for the faid Truftees to order all fuch Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as are di-reded for the weighing of Carriages by the faid Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign: And whereas it is expedient that the particular Exemptions allowed by the faid recited A1j°'y'n? Ad, fliculd be continued: Be it therefore enaded, that no Toll fhall empTion»*" be taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horfe,

Mule or Afs, which fhall pafs along the laid Road only between the Lime Kiln, in the Lane leading from Alfreton to Pentridge, and the Lane leading from the Upper or North End of the faid Town of Pentridge to Pentridge Common j and that no more than One Half of the T oils by the laid Ad and this Ad granted, fhall be taken at any Turnpike to be eroded by virtue of the faid Ad, or this Ad, for any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Horfe, Mule, A(s, or other Bead:, belonging to any Inhabitant of the faid Town of Pentridge, for going or travelling from any Part of the faid Town to the Town of Alfreton aforefaid; that no Toll fhall be taken for any fuch Carriage, Horfes, or Cattle belonging to any Inhabitant of the faid Town of Pentridge, for going or travelling from any Part of the laid Town of Pentridge, to the faid Turnpike Road leading from Duffield to Chefterfi'eld at lleage aforefaid; and that no Toll fhall betaken for any fuch Carriage, Horfes, or Cattle belonging to any Inhabitant of che laid Town of Pentridge, and which fliall be going unladen for, or laden only with Coals for the Ufe of the Inhabitants of the faid Town of Pentridge, or any of them ; and not carried for Hire or Sale, and which fhall go or travel no further along the faid Road than on Pentridge Lane, and to fome Part of the faid Town of Pentridge.

[Loc, & Per.]	10	Q

VI, And

8-42

Meelirgs on Emergencies.

No Order to be revoked

without Notice of Meetings.

Further

Fowers

granted.

/II Claufes, &c. in General Turnf.ike A£ts refpcA-ing Weighing Fngines to extend to this Adi.

For letting Weighing Engines.

470 GEORGH III. Seff 2. Cap. 46.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if after any Adjournment of the faid Truftees, it (hall at any Time be thought neceftarv, that there (hall be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by fuch Adjournment} in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks of the (aid Truftees, by an Order, in Writing, figned by Five or more of the ading Truftees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, (hall forthwith give Notice, by Writing affixed on all the Toll-Gates then ereded by virtue ot the faid recited Ad, and this Ad, or by Advertilenaent in l'ome Newfpaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood thereof, of the Time, Place, and Purpofe, which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees, (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice,) and (uch earlier Meeting (hall and maybe held accordingly} and all Proceedings of the Truftees at all fuch Meetings (hall be as valid and effectual as if fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournments.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That no Order made by the faid Truftees at any of their Meetings (hall be revoked or altered, unicl's at fome Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, (of which Notice (hall be given by Advertifement in fome Newfpaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the faid Road, Ten Days at lead before fuch Meeting, fignifying the Occalion of luch Meeting,) nor unlefs a greater Number ot Truftees (hall attend at fuch Meeting to revoke and alter the fame, and concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof, than were prelent and made fuch Order.

VIII.	And be it enaded. That it (hall he lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, at any public Meeting, (if they (hall think proper,) to order and caufe to be built, upon any Parts of the faid Roads, as to them (hall fcem moft eligible and expedient, a Crane Machine or Engine, with fuitable Buildings thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatfoever} and, by Writing, figned by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every, or any fuch Carriage or Carriages, which (hall come upon any Part of the faid Roads, within the Diftance of Fifty Yards from any fuch Crane, Machine, or Engine, (whether the fame (hall have pa (Ted through any Toll-Gate or Toll-Bar, or nor,) to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof a and that all Claufes, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Reftridions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the (aid recited Ad, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, applicable to weighing Machines, (hall, in all Cafes extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatfaever to be ereded by virtue of this Ad} any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, at any Meeting, whereof Tvventy-one Days’ Notice (hall have been given, in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll-Gates or Turnpikes then eredfed by virtue of the (aid recited Ad, and this Ad, and inferred in fome Newfpaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the faid Roads, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demife, or agree to let and demife, either with or wichouc the Tolls by the faid recited Ad, and this Ad, authorized to be taken, the Weighing En-

-	gines

843

47° GEORG 11 III. Stiff. 2. Cap. 46.

gines which rmv be creeled by virtue of the faid recited Act, paffed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majctly, and this Act and the additional Tolls or Duties granted, and made payable chereat, for any Carriage which, with its Loading, lhall weigh more than the Weight allowed by Law, provided that the faid additional Tolls be let in the fame Manner as the Tolls arifing at the Toll-Gates or Turnpikes are, by the faid recited Acl, diredled or preferibed to be let.

X.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or old Mort-more of them, fhall and may, (if they fhall think it convenient,) call in may and cancel all or any of the prefent Mortgages now (landing out and becalledn:. made bv virtue of the faid former Aft, and give and execute frefh Mortgage or Mortgages in lieu thereof refpedtively.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truf- Po verto tees, or any Five or more of them, to order to be made Caufeways, makeCaufe-or Foot-paths, on the Side of the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts ways* thereof; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall ride upon any fuch Caufeway or Foot-path, or (hall drive any Horfe, or other Cattle, or any Swine, or

any Cart, or other Carriage thereon, or fhall caufe any Damages whatlo-ever to be done thereto, every fuch Perfon for every fuch Offence lhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and Penalty oa recovered in iuch and the fame Manner as is diredled for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the faid recited Adi.

XII.	And be it further enadled. That the faid Truftees may fue and be Truftees fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuance of may fue »nd the faid recited Acl, and this Adi, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being; and that no Adlion or Suit to be oftheiV"* brought or commenced by the Diredlionof or againft the faid Truftees, Clerk or

in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, fhall abate or be difeon- Trcaf“rer. tinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Treafurer, nor by the A& of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without the Confent of the Truftees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treafurer, for the Time being, to the faid Truftees, fhall be deemed to be PlaintifLor Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Adlion.

XIII.	Provided always, That every fuch Clerk or Treafurer, in whofe Clerkor Name any Adlion or Suit lhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, Trealur" in purfuance of this Adi, lhall be fully reimburfed and paid ouc of the j°3bg^ai<J Firft Money, to arife by virtue of the faid recited Acl, and this Adi, peaces" after fuch Adlion or Suit fhall be commenced or difeontinued, all fuch

Colls, Charges, Damages, and Expences,- as by the Event, or in con-fequence of any fuch Adlion or Proceeding, he lhall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That fo much of the faid recited Adi Statuts as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour, on the faid Roads, lhall Work, be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Perfons, who by

Law are or lhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, lhall ftill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore ; and it lhall

be

478 GEORG 11 III. fieff. 2. Cap. 46.

be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Trullees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, dr by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work (halt every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedtive Parifires or Places in which the faid Roads do lie ; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforc-i'aid, (hall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Trullees, or their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummoii the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place1, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be exprelled in fuch Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the l'everal Perfons, who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjedted and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diflinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwile; and alfo the Amount of the refpedtive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names Hull be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reltridtions, as are or may be diredted by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of fuch Lilts the faid Juftices fhall and may allor, appoint, and order, fuch and fo many of the Perfons, who fhall appear to be fubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the famelhall be done at l’uch'Days, andarfuchTirr.es (not being Hay-time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftces, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoinc; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and dired the Perfons, who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper, to the faid Trullees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall diredl; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Dfttrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattelsr'of the refpedtive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid reciced Ad authorized or dirtdled to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negledt or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his* her, or their wfual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any* Surveyor of the laid T ruflees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beall or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Fenalties, and Forfeitures, as filch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjedt or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Eftedt, lor the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or lhail be fent with any Tearn or Draught to work on the laid Roads, lliall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftces, luch Surveyor is hereby

empow-

845



V

>

>4

*k

o*

c?i

i«ea

ti c I m .sea tea Eftss a* loan R*«

«jk

acd'J

•3K:

ico, i

, dirt; jess

rSas

jos

«*>

tw-'

jts*

tti>

®.>

-

a*

**

fl*

•in*

r*

47° GEORG II HI. Seff. 2. Cap. 46.

empowered to remove and difeharge the Perfon who /hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjrft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleftcd or refufcd to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been' lent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurerto the faid Truftees; and applied towards amending the faid Highways s and if any Surveyor of the Highways, for any of the faid Parities or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully neglcft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That if any Money fhall be agreed or app1»-awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- cation of chafed, taken, or ufed, bv virtue of the Powers of the faid firft recited ComPenfatioa Aft, and this Aft, for the Purpofe thereof, which fhall belong to any Cor- ^^'ng^oo!. poration Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Difabilirv or Incapacity, as in the faid firft recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Monty fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direftioo, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons, who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in th; Purchafe of the Land-Tax, or Dif-■charge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ftanding fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes,

Intents, or Purpofes t or where fuch Money fhall net be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement, fhall “be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effeft; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum confolidated, or Three Poundsper Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and, in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid confolidated, or reduced Bank Annuities, fhall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of [£cr> (if Per.I	10 E	the

846

Application where the Compcnfa-tion does not exceed zcol. nor lefs than tol.

Application where the Money is left than 20I.

In cafe of not malting out Titles.

or if Perfona cannot be found Par-thafe-Monejr to be paid into the Bath,

4*r°GEORGll III. Sfcff. 2. Cap. 46.

the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fb hereby dirciled to be pur-chafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XVI.	Provided always; and be it further enafted. That if any Money fb agreed or awarded to be paid fo'r any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to arty Corporation; or to any Perfon or Per funs under Dtfabi-lity or Incapacity as aforefaid* (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Founds, and fhall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then* and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall, at the Option bf the Perfon orPerfons, for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed,taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or thcirGuardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified, in Writing, under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be plaetd to his Account as aforefaid * in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option* to Two Truftces, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the laid Truftces, (inch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and ap. proving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and che Dividends afifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required tt> obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Cnancery.

■ XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Morey fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ule of tire Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have • been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adt and this A£l, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftces fhall think fit * or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedtively.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Perfon or Pe.fons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid Adt, and this Act, fhall refule to accept the lame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftces, or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe fuch Perfon orPerfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Monc*y (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or mere of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into che Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(de-

47* GEORGII III. . Seff.2. Cap. 46..	847-

ftfrfcribing them,) fubjeft to the Order, Conrroul, and Difpofition of w the fiid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Ap- jh® court of plication of any Perfon or Perl'ons, making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums chancery, oa of Monev, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is Motion or , hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as Petition, to the fame Court (ball feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtfibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title, or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuOh other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (ball feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhieror Calbiers oftheBankof£//£-land, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is-or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (ball pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That where any Qucftion fliall Where any arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into Quezon the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account-ant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for Title to8 ' * fhe Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Moneytob* Eftate, Right, or Intcreft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Pai(b lhe

to be purchased in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, or to any Barik Annuities to be piirchafed with any fuch Money; or the Di- pofleffion.11 vidends or Intereft of any,fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Per- of the fons who (hall have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements,	See.

or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claim- of fuch^ui^ Ing under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofteflion of fuch Per- chafe', &au" fon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully en- be deemed, titled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to ent>tle<l fuch Pofteflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the theret0-faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities, to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of Juch Bank Annuities (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly,

Unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofteflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perl'ons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XX.	Provided alfo, and beitenafted, That where by reafon of any T,

Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, en- of Chancer titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under may orde/^ the Authority of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, the Purchafe Money re»fonable for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and ^xPence,0f to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- be paid by? ments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited the Truileei. Aft, and this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Pqrchales,from Time to Time to be

made in purfuance of the faid Act, and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expends as the faid Court fhall deem realonaole, to be paid by the faid rruitees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received

*4*

For prying the Ezpcncet of (bit Ail.

PnMick Ail.

Continuance of the Aft.

4T GEORGlI III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 46.

ed by virtue of the faid Aft, and this Aft, who (ball from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (ball direft.

XXI.	And be it further enafted. That all the Charges and Expcnces of obtaining and paffing this Aft (ball be paid out of any Monies already raifed by virtue of the faid recited Aft, or out of the firft Monies to arifc by virtue of the faid Aft and this Aft, in Preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (ball be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and Ihall be judiciary cakcn Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufticcs, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXIIL And be it farther enafted, That the faid recited Aft (fubjeft to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) (ball continue and Ik in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the faid recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Yearst and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majclty. 1807.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

2 GEORGII III. REGIS,

au	,

Sefl: 2.

Cap. 47

An Adi for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Adis of the Tenth and Thirty-fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Br'tghthelmjlone to Lovell Heathy in the County of Suffex\ and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith.

[ift Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Acl for repairing and widening ,0 G. 3. the Roads leading from Brighthelmftone to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of SufTex: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled.

An Acl for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Acl, pflfjed in the Tenth 3,G- 3, Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmfton to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sufl'ex: And whereas the Truftees afting in the Execution of the Laid Acts have borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftill remain due and cannot be repaid, northefaid Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Ads be further continued, the Tolls increafed, and fome of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And whereas the Road leading from the Bar Gate near Saint John’s Common in the Parifh of Clayton, to Butler’s Green and Tyler’s Green in the Parifh of Cuckfield, in the faid County of Sufex, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for :	\Loc.	Per.-]	10	F	Travellers,





850

N'» Branch cf R ad to fee ipide.

470 GEORG 11 III. Sell 2. Cap. 47,

Travellers, and cannp: be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Covtrfe of-Law,-and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the fame were put under the Care and Management of the Truflees for executing the laid recited Ada and this Ad: May it therefor® pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted • and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with tlfe Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Acts, and all the Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, anti 'J hings theteih contained, (except fuch Parts Thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), fliall be and remain in full Force and- Effeft, and, together with this prclentAft, fliall be put in Executiomfor and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as well for the Purpofe'of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the feveral Roads included in the faid recited Acts, as for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Bar Gate near Saint'John's Common in the Parifh of Clayton, to Butler's Green and Tyler's Green in the Parifli of Cuckjicld, as-dully and effectually in all refpe&S, and to all Intents and Purpoies, as if the faid Acts, and the Claufes,.Powers,, and Provifions therein refpeftively contained, were exprefsly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefent Act, and as if the faid additional Road had been Part of the Roads-included in the faid Acts ; but iubject nev.errhekfs to the Alterations and Amendments, herein contained, and which fliall commence and tske Eficffc upon the palling of this/At; and that this Aft, and tile Term and Powers hereby granted, fliall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment'of all Monies now due and owing, or which /hall or may hereafter be borrowed and become dye on the Credit of the faid recited Aft* and. of this prefect Aft, or any of them, an,d all Intereft due and to becoifte clue for the fame refpeftiyelyv

- 1 ju :»	' . ’ * J* i	L,_; 1)	7 . ^ *	)

II.	And be it-further enacted,. That Sin Charles Merrik Burrell Baroget, JValter Burnell, Cliarles Bethune Clerk, William Bryant, Charles WtlhanT Bryant, Arthur Brooke, Robert Chatjicld of Ditchcling, Thomas Pul--chcr, Richard Hall of Crawley, IVilliam St. Pritchard Clerk, James. Cranboiirtie Strode, John '■ Shakefpc-dtc,1 James Ward, and Samuel WallerT (being qualified according to the Directions of the faid firft recited Aft) fhall he and are hereby added to;,and joined with the furviving and remaining Truflees, appointed by or ip purfuance of the faid recited Afts, for putting-the faid recited Afts and this Aft into Execution, and fhall have the like Powers for that Purpole as If they had been named and appointed. Truflees in or by virtue of. the. faid recited Afts, or either, cf them.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it fhathand may be lawful for the faid 1 ruftees, or any Five or more ot them, or for fuch Perfbns as they, or any Five or more of them, fhall employ for that Purpofe, and they are; hereby fully authorized to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Perl on or Perfons, in or through which the faid Piece of Road is intended to pafs, to fet out, form, make, and complete the fame, from the Bar Gate near Sainh'Jolm’s Common in the Earith of Clayton, to Butler’r Green and Jyhr’s Grr:n in the Parifh of Cuckjicld, and to cut and make Inch Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels, for. draining the Lands adjoining or

1.2.	near

4?p G E O RGl I III. Setf.2. Cap.47.	851

near fuch Road, as fhall by them be thought ncceiTary or proper for draining the Water from fuch Road, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reafonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Perfons interefttd in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which fhall be fuftained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in cafe any Difference concerning the fame fhall arife between the faid Truftees and fuch Owners or Proprietors and Perfons interelted as aforefaid, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace, or the major Part of them aifembled, at the next General Quarter SelTions of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, or at the Second General (Quarter Seffions of the Peace, there to fettle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence fhall be made to fuch Owners or Proprietors and Perfons interefled, for the Damages they fhall have fuftained as aforefaid, which Determination fhall be final:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize or empower tire faid Truftees, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by or under their Authority, to take, ufe, injure, or damage, for the Purpofes of the faid Road, or any of the Purpofes aforefaid, any Houfe or other Building, or any Land or Ground fet apart or ufed as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a Houfe, without the Ccnl'ent of the Owner or Owners thereof.

IV.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited A£ts have been Fordi(ion-found infufficient for amending and keeping the faid Roads in good Repair, and for executing the feveral other Purpofes of the faid Adts ; be it there- !^d graneng fore further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September ne'v <-»*»• One thoufand eight hundred and feven, the Tolls payable in and by the faid recited Acts fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid ; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls fhall be demanded and taken, before any Horfe,

Mare, Gelding, Mule, Al's, Beaft, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatfoever, be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Side Gate, erected or to be ereCted by virtue pf the faid recited Acts or this Act, upon and acrofs the faid Roads, or upon or acrofs any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to fay).

Tor every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, drawing in any Tolls. ; Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Calafh, Barouche, Curricle, lhaeton, or other fuch Carriage, or in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, employed in removing Goods for Hire from Place to Place, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage employed in Hufbandrv, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum ol l'wo-pence :

For every Drove'of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or iels Number:

And that Double the faid refpcctive Tolls fhall be demanded and taken on DouMe Toil every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act.	cn S-indaj*.

Which

8‘52	47*	G EORGII HI. Seif. 2. Cap,47.

\Vhich faid rcfncftive Tolls or Duties dial! be and aye Hereby declared t& be veiled in tile Truflees appointed or to be appointed for the Purpofes of the faid recited ACts or this prefent Act; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truflees to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, the faid l olls at the refpe&ive Gates ereCted or to be ereCted acrofs or near the faid Roads; and they the laid Truflees, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall authorize and appoint for that Purpofe, fhall have■ fuch and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for collecting, demanding, recovering, levying, afiigning, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the faid recited ACts or either of them, given and e ip relied with refpedt to the Tolls thereby granted or. made' payable, fo that no fuch Advancement of the faid Tolls or any- of them,' after the faid Tolls or any of them fliall hare been reduced, do exceed the Tolls hereby granted ; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at lead fhall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which fhall be then Handing upon the faid Roads, previous to any luch Alteration in the feid Tolls p and that the faid 'l olls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, to and for fuch Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as are in the faid recited ACts and this ACt directed and appointed in that Behalf.

Toils to be V. Provided always, and it is Iipreby further enaCted and declared. Gates.1 lcve1"1 That all and every of the faid Tolls and Duties, being paid at any One of of the faid Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, ereCted or to be erected by virtue of the faid ACts, or either of them, or this Aft, on any of the laid Roads by tile faid Acts direfted to be repaired between the Tow ns of Brighthc/n/lttt and Cuckfield, lhall not be looked upon or deemed to be an Exemption from the Payment of the like Tolls and Duties at any other of the faid Bars, Gates, or Turnpikes, ereCted, or to be ereCted between the faid Town of CuAfield and the County Oak on Lovell Hetrfb ; but that the fame Tolls fhall be paid Twice between the Town of Bright hclnf/lon and the County Oak on Lovell Heath aforefaid, for all Horfes, Cattle, Carriages, and other Things above-mentioned, that is to fay, once at the Barry Gates, or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted between the Towns of Bright'-helmjlon and Cuckfield aforefaid, and once between the Town of Cuckfield and the County Oak on Lovell Heath aforefaid ; any Thing in the faid recited ACts, or either of them, or in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

what Nun- VI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby- further enacted, That no more than i»er of Tf-In	Two Tolls-in	the Whole fliall be demanded or taken from any Perfon for

to he taken. once pafljng and re-pailing the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, and. Carriages, through all the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes erefted, or to be erefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or either of them, or of this Aft, between Brighthelmjlon and the County Oak on Lovell Heath aforefaid, but that all and every Perfon and Perfons, having paid the faid Two 'lolls in the Whole, and producing a Note or Ticket,' Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of fuch Tolls, (which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby' required to give gratis), fliall once pais and re-pafs, the fame Day, with the fante Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll free through’ all the Turn-

8S3

470 GEORGII III. Scfl* 2. Cap.47.

pikes or Toll Gates erefted or to be erected on the faid Roads by the: laid recited Acts and this Aft, or either of them, intended to be repaired by virtue thereof; but if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs through any Gate or Turnpike a Third Time with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe, fuch Perfon or Perfons dial! again be liable to pay the faid Toll, and fo toties quoties for every 1 hird lime the faid Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs the fame Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the faid Roads with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforelaid.

VII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, That no more than One Toll fhall be demanded or taken from any Perfon or Perfons for once palling and repafling the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, through all the faid Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted on any of the faid Roads hereby or by the laid recited Afts or either of them directed to be repaired, between Brigkthebnjlon and Cuck-field ; nor fhall any more than One Toll be taken or demanded from any Perfon of Pgrfcns for once pafling and repairing the fame Day with the fame Hones, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages through all the faid Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted between Cuckfield and the County Oak on Lotell Heath ; but that all and every Perfon and Perfons, having paid fuch refpeftive Tolls, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or '1 ickets as aforelaid, fhall once pafs and repafs the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Catde, Beads, and Carriages Toll free through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erefted or to be erefted on the faid Roads between the refpeftive Places aforelaid ; but if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs through any Gate Qr Turnpike between the refpeftive Places aforefaid a Third Time with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall again be liable to pay the faid Toll, and fo toties quoties for every Third Time the faid Perfon fhall pafs the fame Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the faid Roads, between the refpeftive Places aforefaid, with fuch Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforefaid.

VIII,	And whereas by the faid fird-recited Aft, it is enafted, That all and every Carriage and Carriages laden with limber. Plank, Boards, Wood, Hay or Straw for Sale, Brick or Tiles, Gun or any other Iron, Hop-poles, or Chalk, pafling through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erefted by virtue of the faid recited Aft, between the Twentieth Day of Oclober and the Firfl Day of April in every Year, Ihould pay Double Tolls or Duties at each Gate or Turnpike through which fuch Carriage or Carriages fo laden Ihould pafs : And whereas fuch Part of the faid recited Aft has been found infufficient for the Purpofes thereby intended, and great Damage is done by Carriages laden with Coals ; be it therefore further enafted. That fo pinch of the faid recited Aft fliall be, and the fame is hereby repealed: And that from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One'thoufand eight hundred and feven, all and every Carriage or Carriages whatfoever, laden with Timber, Plank, Boards, Wood, Hay or Straw for Sale, Brick or Tiles, Gun or any other Iron, Hop-poles, Chalk, Chalk Marl, or Coals, pafling through any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erefted, or hereafter to be erefted upon the faid Road by virtue of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, between the 1 wentieth Day of October in each Year and the Full Day of April in every

\_Loc. iAPer.~\	ioG	lucceeding

No more than One Toll to be raid for p .fling ami repaii ng the fame Dtv between B. ight-helir.tton an«l Cuckdcld >

but a new

Toll to i>e paid ev- try Th.rd Time*

For repealing Claule in former Act for impoitn^ Double Toil* on certain Carriages, and for granting further Powers

for that Pur-pcle.

*54

far Glutting up certain lanes.

Prr uuniftiing Collectors of T ils for Mil-tunduct.

Ixemptionj fi o.n Tails.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cdp.tf't

fudceeding Year, during the Continuance of this A cl, (hall pay Double the Tolls or Duties hereby granted at each Gate or Turnpike through which fueh Carriage or Carriages fo laden fhall pafs ; any Thing in the faid recited Aids, or either of them, or in this Ail contained to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, to fhut up, or caufe to be fhut up, a certain Lane or Hoad leading out of the Town of Crawley, by a MeiTuage or Premifes now or late in the Occupation ef Elizabeth Sadler, towards IJidd in the faid County of Suffex and alfo a Lane called Cleaver's Lane, leading out of the faid Turnpike Road in the Parilh of Cuckfield, near to a certain Farm called Beech Farm or High Beech, and out again on the faid Turnpike Road at Holmjled Hill; and all'o Two other Lanes or Roads at or near Anfty Crofs, in the faid Parilh of Cuckfield, leading out of the faid Turnpike Road into the Lane or Highway leading from AnJly Crofs aforefaid to Bolney ; and alfo a certain Road or Way leading out of the Village of Prejlen on the Downs towards Hove, in the faid County of Suffix, by erecting or caufing to be ereded any Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences, at the Ends leading out of the faid Turnpike Road ; and if any Pcrfon or Perfons drill deftroy or damage any fuch Gates, Railways, or Pences, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with all Charges and Expences attending the repairing or refloring of fuch Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences.

X.	And, in order to prevent the Mifcondud of the Perfons employed as Colledors of the laid Tolls, be it further enaded. That every Perfon employed to colled any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, fhall affix his Chridian and Surname on a Board on fome conspicuous Part of the Toll Houfe at which he fhall be appointed to colled the faid Tolls, on each and every Day that he fhall continue in fuch Colledion, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Neg-led thereof; and if any fuch Colledor fhall wilfully mifbehave hinffelfin the Colledion of the faid Tolls, or fhall make Ule of any opprobrious or improper Language to any Perfon or Perfons palling through any of the Turnpikes already ereded or. hereafter to be ereded, by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or either of them, or of this Ad, and fhall be thereof con-vided on his own Confeffion, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before One or more of His Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Suffix, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sura of Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings, and in Default of Payment thereof fhall be committed to the Common Gaol or Iloufe of Corredion, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Ilorfe, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Road licS; cr Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw cr.'iy, not fold

or

s55

+5*GE0RGII III. Seff.i. Caf. 47.

or difpofcd of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes of on the Lands of the Owners 5 or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft;, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Hulbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Chalk, Chalk Marl, and Lime excepted) or for anyHorfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that ftiall die and be buried in any of the faid Townfhips or Pari dies; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from virtting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfe. Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprelfes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftinarter General, either when employed in con.eying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprelfes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft, a-.'encing any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any C triage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Cart, Cattle, or Beaft, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants, fent by kgal Partes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft, carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County of Sttjfex, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; and that no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnilhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons (hall be drafted in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps reflectively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit qf any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be agreed or AppiicatUnof awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, Compinfation taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts and this Aft* amountin'*" for the Purpofes thereof, which lhall belong to any Corporation, Feme *«ol."	°

Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under anyJDifability or Incapacity, as in the laid firfl-recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in

the

856

47° GEORG II III. Seff.2. Cap.47.

the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Adts and this Act, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified /by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a l'ummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the dime of making fuch Conveyance or Settlement fhall be exifling undetermined and capable of taking EfTedt; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancer)', upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the meantime and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Timid be paid by Order of the faid C ourt, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application *her the Compenl.'ition is lel> titan aool. and exceeds Stilt

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be left than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty' Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diredted, or ©therwife the fame ihall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees for executing the faid recited Acts and this Act (fucly Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any. Manner

herein-

47* GEORGII III. Sell; 2. Cap.47-	857

herem-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or .Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned Ihall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon. or Ferfons who would for the 'l ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid Acts and this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XV.	And be it further cnafted, That in cafe the Perfon or'Perfons to in cafe of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money ihall be awarded for the Purchafe of Titles”* *U' any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the

faid recited Acts and this Aft, Ihall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to. the Satisfaftion of the laid Trultees; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or 6r if perforu Suras of Money Ihall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found ; or if cannot he the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ch^Murey be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it Ihall and may tobepaiiiinto be lawful to and for the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, to the B3r‘k! order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Dif- Subject toth-pofitioii of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, Order of tbe on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum Chancery on or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, Ihall be r~5o,i.on ur and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, Pstltlon' as to the fame Court Ihall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates,

Title or filtered of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court Ihall feem jurt and reafonable ; and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who Ihall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for w’lat and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon c r Perfons as Ihall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Quef- Rejecting ticn fhall arife touching the 1 itle of any Perfon to any Money to be paid

into the Bank of England, in the Name and with .the Privity of the Ac- " £S‘ countant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or .his Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Aftsorthis [toe. isf Per.]	i	o	H	Aft,

Application where the Money is than zol.

858'

Court of Chancery to direct the P;«) meat of Expenecs.

Perfons chatgrabV to Statute. Work to continue fo. Junices to determine Differences touching Statute Woik.

47* GEORGII IH. Sell'. 2. Cap. 4/.

Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Iutereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeftion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Polieflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeilion, until the contrary (hall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Tntereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Mopey, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pqffeffion was a wrongful Poffeftion, and that fome other Peribn or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or” Hereditaments, or to fome Eftatc or Interefl therein.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or I erfons, or Corporation,' entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts or this Aft? the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Cppit of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time tq be made in purfuanee ©I the faid. recited Afts or this Aft, or fo much of fitch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, together with tl|e neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, who fhall from Time'tb Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direct:, •

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all Perfons wbqby Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the laid Roads, or any Part thereof, fhall (till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Sujjex, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road lies, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition of fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, lhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time Ito fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Sunn non s (within Seven Days after tha ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who, within fuch Parifh or Place, are by Law fnbjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lien of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams cr Draughts, or othemife j and alfo the Amount of

8$9

47* GE0RGI1 III. ScfT.2.r (7^7.47.

the refpedive Sums to be paid, which Lifts, of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions ife is, are, or maybe directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the fa{4 Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of th'h j^Vfbrts who fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid^ td db fifth Number* of Days Statute Work in every Year upon thefdid Rbatfe as thefaid Jiiftices fhall think reafonable 5 and the fame fhall, be done cm fuch D^ys, and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) aiid in fuch Part;? df the ftid Rpad as the laid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fliall from Time to Time order, 4ifec% and apppftit; and the faid Juftices ihall and may alio order and dii'pcf the Perfons who by fuch if-ifts ihall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in' lieu of or as. a Competition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof a* the laid Juftices ihall think proper, to the faid Trufteei or their ‘Trfcafurer, at fuch Tijne or Tiines.as they the faid Juftices fliall direct; and in. Default of Payment thereof, the fame ihall and may be recovered by Drftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Acts authorized or direded to be recovered ; and each and every- Pelfoti who fliall negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor ef the laid Truftees, fliall;for, every Day of his, hyr, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or -Labourers,, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft of'Reads, tp be provided by him, her, pr them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalrie's, and Forfeitures, as fuch Pei ion or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who fliall come to work as a Labourer, or fliall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the laid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pariihes or Places ihall refufe or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or Ihall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or impeded Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding f orty Shillings.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and Trulten au? for the faid Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, compound for Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on Statute Work-the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Pariihes or Places in which the faid Roads are fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or othervvife, as the faid Truftees fhall think reafon-able in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads,

which .

86o	47*GEQ RGII HI. Sefl’.2. Cap.tf.

which Compofitfon Money fhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parifh, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer of the faid Truftees in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or other, wife the Inhabitants and Occupiers ©f fuch Parilh or Place fhall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

For nayin& XI. And be it further enafted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences

*ahe*AetC*8 'nc^em t0 and attending the procuring and obtaining this Aft, together with lawful Intereft from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, fhall be paid and fatisfied by the faid Truftees ; and that it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby direfted and required to order and direft the Payment of the faid Charges and Expences, with Intereft as aforefaid, out of the firft Monies that fhall be collefted, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments and Difburfements whatfoever.

Pubiick Act. XXI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jufticef, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Fixing the . XXII. And be it further enafted, That the Term granted by the faid Continuance ICC'ted Afts fhall, on the palling of this Aft, ceafe and determine; and the of the Ait. laid recited Afts (fubjeft to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Aft; fhall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament,"

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1807.

C-

ANNO QUADRAOESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGI1 III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

******************************************************

Cap. 48.

An Adi for continuing and amending Two Adi* of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Great Grimjby Haven, at or near Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nun s Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parifti of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.	[ift	Augujl	1807.]

WHEREAS by an Ad paded in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, inticulcd. An Atl for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimfby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nun’s Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parifh cf I by, in the County cf Lincoln, federal Toils and Powers were granted to Truf-teesfor repairing the fa-d Road during the Term therein mentioned : And whereas by another Ad pafled in the Twentv-fixth Year of the Reign if His prefent Majeftv, the laid firft-mentioned Ad was continued for a further Term, ana f mie of the Provifions were thereby altered and enlarged: And whereas, the Trufties appointed to put the (aid Ads in Execution, have in purfuance thereof borrowed confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arifing thereby, which with a confiderable Arrtar of Intereft thereon are itill doe and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Road be kept in Repair unlefs the faid Ads be continued for a further Term ; and it is expedient that fome farther Powers and Au. thoriiits (hould be granted for that Purpol'e: May it therefore pleal'e Your Majefty that it may be cnaded; and be it cnaded by the King’s [Lw. fcf Per.^	10 I	moft

5 0 «,

16 G. £

I

862

Tormer Ail* continued.

Traftcet.

47* GEORGil III. Seff.2. Cap.48.

mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the LorJi Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament aflem-bitd, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Paid recited Afts patted in the Fifth and Twenty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provifions, Penalties, and Claufes therein contained! and now in force, (except fuch of them as are repugnant to any of the Provifions contained in this Aft, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) (hall be and the fame are hereby continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpol'es as if the lame were herein-particularly inferied, repeated, and re-enafted; but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained : and this Aft, and theTo'ls hereby granted, (ball be and the fame are hereby made fubjeft to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the faid former Afts, or that may hereafter be borrowed in purfuance of this Aft, and all Intereft now due thereon and hereafter to grow due thereon refpeftively.

II,	And be it further enafted. That Marmaduke A ding ton Clerk, Jofepb AJbton, William AJhton, Stamper Anningfon, the Right Honourable William Beauclerk, commonly called Lord William Beauclerk, Afcougb Boucberett, William Bernard., Cbriftopher Bell, William Borman, John Simon Brand-Jlrom, Samuel Byron Clerk, Richard Birkett, Benjamin Borrell, John Barrel!, San.uel Booth, Thomas Barnard, John Sanderfon Bestniffe, John Codd, fVrlli'am Bajfett Codd John Carritt, ’Thomas Carritt William Dickinfon, Samuel Dtckin-Jon, Ri.bardDixon Clei k, William Dixon,Tbomas John Dixon, "Jonathan Field, William David Field, JohnFoord, Henry Forjler, George Gray Clerk, John Qray, Join Grantham, Richard Goultoii, Barnard Gilpin Clerk, George Ro• bert Heneage, Thomas Fiefchi Heneage, Edward Heneage, William Hoigatt, Edward Currer Holgate, Theopbilus Hdrneis the younger, John Benmt Hornets, Wcodihorpe Johnfon, Geor°e Lifter,	Lifter, John Loft, William

Loft, John Maddtfon, Hdthanid Main, William Marjhall, Join Marfhall, Thomas Morris, Robert Manfell, Sir Henry Ncltborpc Baronet ,j hi Nr/t»orpe, Gabriel Neave, John Nicholfn, Brady Nicbolfon, Charles Ncvne, George He If on, Francis Otter, William OJbouryie, the Honourable Charles Anderion Pelham,the Honourable GeorgeAnderfon Pelham, JohnParkin/OnD.V. Jofepb Phillipfon, Richard Pawley Clerk, Richard Roadley the younger, John P,i-ehardfon, P Hip Skip-worth the younger, William Skip-worth, Robert S-w n, John Swan, John Smith, William Edward Tcmiine, George Clay on 7 nny-fon Cleik, Charles Tennyjon, Samuel Turner Clerk, William Torr, Geo ge Uppleby, John Uppleby, Charles Uppleby, Edward Wefion, Charles IVeft on Clerk, William Wilktnfon Clerk, George Whitworth, John Walefby, Emmett Walejby, William Wright, ftiall be and they are hereby appointed Trultecs to put the faid recited Afts and this Aft into Execution, and the Truftees hereby appointed (hall be added to and aft in conjunction wi h the Truftees appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the laid former Afts, or either of them and in cafe any of the Truftees hereby appointed fhall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands decline or revule to aft in the Execution of the Trufts hereby repofed in the laid Truftees, then fome other fit and proper Perfon fhall be elected and appointed a Truftee in the Place and Stead of every Truftce (o dying, refuiihg, or declining

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 48.,	S63

dining to act as aforelaid, in the Manner provided or mentioned by the faid fir ft recited Act.

III.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the palling of this Act no Toll Hull be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Geld- f'nr,aand ing. Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Parities or Places in which the laid Road hereby intended to be repaired or any Part thereof cloth lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or ether Land or Ground, nor fhali any Toll be taken, demanded, or received forany Carriage or Cattle going for thePurpofe of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpoled of, but to be laid up in Houfes, Ouihoufes,

Yards, or on the Premiies of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Hulbandry, or for any Horfe or other Leaft or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or ufing the fame in Hufbandry, or for any Horfe or other Beall or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pallure, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried, or for any Horfes,

Cattle, or Carriages of w batfoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exnreffcs under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter-General, cither when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for the Horlts of Soldiers on the March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes or oiher Bealls employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place ap. pointed for, and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpedtive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps re. fpedtively at the Time of claiming luch Exemption, or for any Carriage, Horie.orother Beaft employed in theConveyance cf Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles, nor fhali any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parifh through which any Part of the faid Road doth lie, who fhali pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their re-fptdlive Parifh Church, Chapel or other Place of Religious Woifhip, tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or cn Cbrifimas-day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who (hall attend the Funeral of any PcrLn dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or upon other"his Paiochial or MiniftcriaT Duty on a Sunday, or on Chriflmns-day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to b: celebrated ; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpeft of anyHorfe, Cattle, or Beaft car. rying any Paflenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calafli, or Chair going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of Lincoln, on the Day or Days of fuch Eledtion, or on the Day before or Day after luch Eledfion fhali begin or be concluded ■, and if any Perlcn {hall claim

8	and

8^4

fcftablifhing

certain Regulation as to the Performance of Statute Duty.

47*GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 48.

and take thcBmcfit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid not bring entitled to the fame, or (hall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever^ whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Ads and this Ad or any Part thereof (hall be evaded, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch -Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety ITiall be applied to the Purpofcs of the laid Ads a;:J of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That all Perfcns who by Law are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road comprifed in the faid recited Ads, or either of them or any Part thereof, (hallftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it (hall be lawful for any Two or mere Julticea of the Peace for the Parts of Liiidfey, in the faid County oi Lincoln, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (ball every Year be done upon the (aid Road by the Inhabitants of the rtfpedive Parifhes or Places in which the Did Road lies, and aTo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Woik as aforefaid, jhall be bv him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Trea. fu er or Tieafurers, and in Order thereunto it (hall be lawful for fuch Juf-tices from Time tb Time to funirnon the Surveyor <r Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Plaqe, to bring in Lifts betpre fuch Juf-tioes at fame Place to be exp re (Ted in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the fervihg of fuch Summons) of the Names, of the fcveral Perlons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by law fubjedt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Paymenc of. any Money in lieu of or as .1 Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing ihe Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or praughts or otherw.f , and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to I,c paid, which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and R-ftricuuns as are or m;y be directed by any Law or Stature in Force and Effed fur the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of fuch Lifts the laid Juf-tices (hall and may allot, apnoinr, and order fuch and (o many of the Per. fons wh’o (hall appear fubjtft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the laid Road as the faid Juftices (hall think rcafonable, and the lame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harvrft) and on fuch Paris of the faid Road as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, and the 'aid JufticeS (hall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Mum-y in heu of or as a Con p >1ton for Statute Work as aforefaid, to ^ay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper to ere faid Truftec* \ or their Treafurer, at fuch Time orTinies as the lai I Juftices (had d re£t* and irt default cf Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered By Diftfels and Sale of the Goods anti Chatccls ot the refpective Perfons ; liable to the Pay mi nt thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is-by the laid A&s or eiihe! of them authorized or diredkd to be recovered, and esc* and every Perfon who (hall negieft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as

aforefaid.

865

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.48.

aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default cr the D< fault of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or HorfcS, Beaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Pe* naltirs, and Fcifeitures as f..ch Pcrfon or Perfons may be fubjtdl or liable to by any Law or Statute in Foice or Effeft for the Repair of the public Highways i and if any Pcrlon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjeft and liable to the relpedtive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negledted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Road, all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the laid Trullees, and applied towards amending the faid Road, and in Cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways lor any of the faid Parilhes or Places fhall reful'e or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in fall'e and imperfeft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling'.

V.	And be it farther enafted, That all the Monies which before the Day Direfling how of the Commencement of rhis A ft fhall have been railed and produced	he°"

by virtue of the faid two preceding Afts of the Fifth and Twcnty-fixth applied. Years of the Reign of hs faid prelent Majefty, or either of them, and fhall be undifpofccl of on the Day of the Commencement of this Ait; and alfo all the Monies which fhall arife and be produced by or from the Tolls bv this Aft granted or made payable, together with the Monies which fhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies wnich fhall arife and be produced by virtue of this Aft, and not herein other-wife appropriated or ditefted to be applied fhall be vefted in the faid Truftees for the Time being, and applied to and for the fcveral Ufes, Intents, and Purpbfes, and in the Order and Manner following, that is to fay, in the firft Place in Payment of all the Celts, Charges, and Expenccs in--cident to or artending the obtaining and palling of this Aft; in the fecond Place, in paying the Iotereft accruing upon the fevcral principal Sums of Money which fhall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Srcurjry of the Tolls granted by this Aft j in the third Place, in defraying the Expences of erefting, and providing Turnpikes, Toll-houfes* and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the faid Road, and of executing the other Purpofes of this Aft; and laftly, in reducing, paying off, and dif-charging fuch principal Sums as lalt aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be agreed or afleffed to be paid fur any Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafcd, taken, or ufed by virtue of this Aft which (hall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation aggregate or foie, Feoffees, in Truft, Guardians, Committees, Trullees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Perfon or Perfons, fuch Money (hall if the fame amount to theSum [Lee. iff Per.]	to K—L	of

Application of Compeo-fation if amounting to tool

866

■Application when the Comptn fuion is lets than tool and exceeds aol.

47* GEORGI1 III. Sdr.-2. Cup.^

T-wo hundred Pounds with all convenient Speed be paid1 into the Bank.of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte iheTruf-tecs for executing this Adi, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be paid under the Diredlion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a lummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Pur-chafe of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debc or Debts, or luch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affedtmg the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the (aid Court in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Pur-poles, and in the lame Manner as the Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafcd, taken, or uled as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effedl; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall by Olderot the Court ot Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three per Centum Con-folidated, or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; ar.d in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by ihe faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidaccd or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from l ime to Time be paid by Older of the faid Court to the Perlon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profi s of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed in calc fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

VII,	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo agreed or affeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafcd, taken, or ufedfor the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Perfon or Perfons, under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments Id purchafcd, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedlive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piiviiy of the laid Accountant Genctal ot the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or other wife the fame (hall be paid «c the like Option to Two Trullces, to be nominated by the Pe Ion or lVil'ons making luch Option, and approved of bv Three or more of the faidTrailers ♦or executing this Act (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the ( lands of tire nominating and approving,Parties); in order that fucir principal Money, and the Dividends anfing thee mi . ray be applied in any Manner herein-before diredLd, lo far as the Calc

(bail

867

47° GEORG1I III* Seff.2. Cap.*8.

(hall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain theDireo tion or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That when fuch Money Application lb agreed or afTeilcd cu be paid as herein-before-mentioned (hall be lefs than

Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch.Calcs the lame (hall be applied to lefs than iol» the Ufe of the Perlon or Peifons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, t r ui'ed for the Purpofes of this Act, in fuch Manner as thefaid Ttuftees or any Three or more of them (hall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, or Lu* racy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Pcrfon or Perlons fo entitled relptffively.

IX.	And be it further enafled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to In cafe of not whom any Surt or Sums of Money (hall be awarded or affclled for iJljat^"fout any Lands, Tenements,, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of *

this Acl, fh dl refulc to accepc the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Prcmifes to the Satisfaction of the laid Truftees, or in cafe the Perfon or Perlons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (ball be fo awarded or addled as afortfaid, cannot be round, or if the Perfon or Per* funs entitled to ft ch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (ball be lawful for the faid Truf-t es to order the Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded or addled as aforefaid, to be paid into the ban is cf England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [dtfribing, tbfrn\, luhjeit to the Order, Controu), and Difpofi-fition of the laid Court t f Chancery, which faid Court on the Application of any Perfon oiPerlbns making Claim to luch Sum or Sums of Monev, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, lhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummaiy Way of Procetcing, or orhtrwiie, as to the fame Court (hall fseml meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment ot tl.e Lhvidends thereof, according to the rclpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title, or lntereft of the Petfon or Perfi.ru making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premises as to the Lid Courr lhall feem juft and reafonable j and the Calhicr or Cafhiets of the Bank of Erglmd, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Monty, is and are hereby itquired to give a Receipt oi Receipts tor fuch Sum tr Sums of Money, mentioning and fptcifvinrt (o'- what and for whole Ule the lame is or are received, 10 luch Perlon -of Pei fops a> lhall pay ary fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as atoielakl.

%	,	.	( '	.	,	....	•^ J

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Perform Queftion flull anfe touching the Title cf any Perfon or Perfons to any E.0?!?0'! Money to be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the ed weUe ""1 Privity of the Accountant Gneral ol the Court of Chancery, in pur- *t,ed "n,eft fuancs of this Aft, f. r the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or He- be'ftew^ leduaments, or of any Eftate, Right or lntereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any luch Money, or to rhe Dividends or lntereft of any luch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or

Perfon*

Sf'8

The Court may order reasonable Expencrs of Purchafes to be paid by Trultees.

How Ex-

penee* of the Act to be paid.

Publick Aft.

I-imiting the Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

47* GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 48.

Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflim of fuch Pcrlon or Perfons, fliall be deemed and taken to be lawfully enitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according ro fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary (hall be Ihewn to the Satisfaction ot the Lid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuiiies to be purchaled with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the Cud Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafun of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pu'chaled under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufts in pur. fuance of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court (hall deem reaionable, together with the neceffary Cods and Charges of obtaining luch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftee?, who (hall from Time to Time pay luch Sums of Money for luch Purpofcs as the faid Court (hall direft.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That the Ex* pences, Celts, and Charges which fliall attend the lelieiting, obtaining, and pafling of this Aft, and incurred preparatory thereto, fliall be paid and defrayed out the firft Monies which (hall arife or be received from the Tolls to be taken within fhe faid Diftrift, or otherwile, by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Aft or any of them.

XIII.	And beit further enacted, That this Act fliall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and fliall be judicially taken Noiice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and other Perfons whomloevcr, without the fame being fpetially pleaded.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall commence on the Day the fame (hall receive the Royal Aflent, and fliall continue in Force for the Term «f Twenty-one Years, and Irom thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefly. 1807.

b,

till

lb

fw»

ilk

list

Lai

MBJ,

Ohm ad in

artti) 1161* bcpi mmt> je oi 3



c»s* t iiF*3 Eltili*

St#

J?'

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff 2.

<#> ottyiAt mmn«iinb»tmn« •—» ««»<»>** «»**»«*****

Cap. 49.	;

An A£l to revive and continue the Term and Powers

of an A& of the Twenty-fifth Year of His pre- „ -fent Majefiy, for amending the Road leading from If.wicb to South Town, and from the faid Road to ' Beech Lane, in the Parifli of Darjham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk.	[ift Augu/l 1807.J

'HF.REAS an Aft was palled in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His rrrft-m M j fty, intituled, An 4^/or amending 2; G. j. and keeping in Repair the Read leading from Ip uich to S auth c. ic6. Town, and from the faid Read at Beech Lane in tbi Parifh tf Darfham, to Bungay in the County of SufiMk: And whereas the Trult^es appointed in or by virtue of tf^e faid Aft for the Purpofes aforefaid have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, and have for that Purpofe . harrowed d.vejrs confide; able Sums of 'Money on the Credit of the faid Act, apd of toe .	,	i

Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, a conliderahle Part of which Money Aills remains due and owing; and the fame c..nnot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be eff ftuaily amtndcd, improved, and kept in Repair, unlcfs the Term of the Mid Aft is revived, and fame of the Powers1 aAd Provifions thertin contained altered, enlarged, and amended, and the Tolls ir.cresfed: M>y it therefore pi rale Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefiy, by and w'uh the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelmt Parliament aAcmbhd, and by the Authority of the ' rnir. That the laid Aft paflVd in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Aft further ot Hm prel nt MajtAy, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Penal- continued.

[Loc. iff Per.]

to M

ties.

874	47*	GEORGII	III.	Seff.2.	Cap.4.9.

ties, Forfeitures. C. mfes, Matters, and Things therein contained, and which were in loice immediately beforr the Expiration of the laid 1 erm (except fuch or them as are by this Adi varied, altered, or repealed, and except loth Parts th rejf as r.late to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), fh.ill br and are hercb- declared to be revived, and Ih II be in full Force and Efi ;t, and be executed fur and curing 'he Term hercin-aftcr mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpole- wnacloever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enadrd in the Body of this Act, but be fubjed neverthelels to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence an ! take Effcd on the palling of this Ad; and this Ad, and the Term and Tolls granted, (hall be iubj-d and liaule to the Payment of all Money m-w due and owing upon the Credit or on Accoum of the Did Ad, 01 which :hall hrreafte be bo rowed and borne due on Account of ihe faid Koads, and ail interdf due and to become due for the lame refp; dively.

Leafes, See. fubfift'ng at the Lxpira-tion of the former Aft, and Proceedings fmee, to be valid, and indemnifying the Trultees for having afted.

II. And be it further enafted and declared. That all Leafee, Contrails, Agreements, and othci Inftruments, which were fublilling immediately before the Expiration of the Te m of the f-id recited -id, between die Fruit.rs for executing the laid Ad and any Prrfon or Perions whomto-ever, touching the r Iprdive left ng and hiring of the Tolls bv the faid Aft tr.>med, and which t.y thf Exj iraiion of the laid Ad were fulp-nded, and alfo all C ven.ints, Aiti les, Clalilrs, Matters, and Tilings whatio-cver, in luch Ltales, Contrads, A^-t.m nts, and r>ther Inftruments, lefpedvely contain d ; and aifo, that all Ads, Matieis, and Things wh ch, finCe the Ex intion of the Term of the faid recited Ad, have been done by the faid Truft es, or any of them, or t»y any IxfTee or C >1-ledor of the Tolls, or other Officer or Perft.n actirg under thrm the laid Truftees, touching or in anywile relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the faid Roads, or in the Exercile or fuppofed Exereife of any of ihe Powers or Provifions contained in the faid Ad, lhall be as good, ▼a!id, and efFedual, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Term of the fain recited Ad had not expired ■, and that the faid Trultees, and alio the feveral L- ffees and Coiled rs of the Foils, and other Officers and Perf >ns employed by them the faid Trultees, are hertby indemnified for having aded in the Colledion or Receipt of the faid Tolls, or otherwife relating to the faic Road, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Pur-poles, as they would have been if the faid Ad had remained in full Force and Effed.

Truftets. III. And be it further enaded, That fuch of the Trultees, named in or appointed in purfuance of the faid recited Ad, as lhall be living at the Time of the pafli g of this Ad, and their Succeffors, to be chofen or appointed in purfuance ot the lame Ad, and alfo the Members lerving in Parliament for the County of Suffolk for the Time being (being qualified according to the Dircdions of the faid former Ad), lhall be and are hertby appointed Trultees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the feveral Roads in the 'aid Ad deferibed, and for putting the fame Ad and this Ad in Execution, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if they had been appointed Trultees for the Care of the faid Roads in and by the faid Ad.	’

IV. And

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 49.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees may fue and be furd for or concerning any Thing tv be done by virtue or in purluance of the laid former Aft and this Aft, either in the Nines of the Truth e' who may be Parties to any Deed or Inftrument in Writing, upon which any Attion fhaiJ or may be broughr, or in the Name of their Cle;k or Trealuter for the Tim being; and that no Action or Suit to b<- brought or commenced by the Dircft on of or againft the Truftees in their Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Trealurer, fhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of anv Truftee or Tiuflec , or Clerk or Trealurer, or by the Act of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without theConfentof the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, but thac the Clek or Trealurer for the Time being to the laid Truftees, iniaf- fuch Action fhall be brought againft or defended in the Name ot fuch Cl-tk or 1 reafurer, (hall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant fas the Cafe may be) in every loch Adtion: Provided aiways, that fuch Truftees, or Clerk or Treafuier, in whole Names or Name any Action or Suit fhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, in purfuance of the faid former Act or this Afr, lhall be fully reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies to arife by virtue of the faid former Aft and this Act, all fuch Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in confequence of any fuch Action or Proceedings they or he fhdl bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, bv reafun of their or his being fo made Plain: ffs or Defendants, or Plaintiff or Defendant, as atorefaid.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Difpure, Suit, or Litigation, fhall happen to arife touching or in anvwife relating to the Tells to lie collefted on the faid Roads, or ih Recovery of fuch Tolls, the Ptrion or Perlons appointed to collect the f..me, or any on er Per,on or Ptrfons a fling by or under the Authority of the faid Truftee-., fhall noc be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch DTpute, Suir, or Litiga'ion, by reafon of their or his being appo’nted to collect the faid Tolls, or aft-ing under the Authority of the faid Truftees as atoicla.d,

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees, or any Nine or mere c.f them, fhall and they aie hereby authoiized and empowered to caufe an additional Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Turnpikes or Toll Gates, to be e tfbd in, upon, or acrofs the laid Roads, or either of th in, winch the faid Tmftres, or any Nine or more of them, (hail th nk expedient, as auxiliary to or in aid of any of the oiign.il Turnpikes or Toll Gates a’r.ady erected upon the I .id Roads, or either of itum, and alio Rich Toll Houles adjoining or near to the laid refpettive addiiional Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or any of them, as to the faid T uftces, or any Nine or more of them, fhall feem requifite and expedient; and the fame 1 oils fhall be demanded and taken at the faid feveral additional Torn pikes or Toll Gates as by this .Aft are autho. z d to be taken at the I unipikts or Toll Gates already erefted ; bnt in as much as the laid additional Turnpikes nr Toll Gates are heredy auth rizeu to be erected to the Intenc only thac Payment of the faid Tolls mav not be evaded, ii is hereby declared, that any Perfrn or Perfons who (hall have firft paid Toll at any loch additii nal Turnpike or Toll Gate fo to be ere£t-d as afortf.id, fhall be permitted to pafs and repafs through the next origin >1 Turnpike or Toll Gate to which fuch additional Turnpike or Toll Gate lhall be declared to belong, without being fubjeft to the Payment of any further Toll; and anv Per (on or Perfons who fhall have ft: ft paid Toll at any fuch original

Turnpike

875

Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer.

Collectors of Tolls not incompetent to give Evidence.

Power to ePeft additional Toll Gates.

876	47°	GEORGII III. SefT.i, Cap.^g,

Turnpike or Toll Gate, fhall be permitted to pafs and repafs through the additional Turnpike or Toll Gate, or additional Turnpikes or Toll Gates, b-longing to fuch original Turnpike or Toll Gate, in the lame Manne as if he or they had actually paid Toll at fuch lad-mentioned 1 urnpikeor Toll Gate, without being fubjeft to the Payment of any fmther Toll at fueh Gates relpefttvely: Provided never helefs, that nothing in this Ad contai.itd fh.dl authorize or warrant the taking ot Tolls at tnoie than Six Turnpikes or Toll Gates acrofs the Road between Ipfwtch and South Town afoicL id, nor at more than Two Turnpikes or Toll Gates acrofs the Road leading from the Corner of Beech Lane in Darjham afore faid to Bungay aforclaid.

To prevent VII. And whereas P. rr of the faid Ro;d leading from Ipfwicb to South evading Pay- eLszvn, of the Length of One Mile and an Hof or mereabouts, runs acreil's cTnRuninLre* 3 Common Called Rujhmere Heath, and by realon of the gtcat Width,md Heath. Extent of fuch Common the Tolls by rhe f.id Ad granted have been eafilv evaded ; be it therefore further enaded. That the faid Trulltes, or any Seven or more of them, may and (hall and they are hereby auti onzed and empowered, as they (hail lee Occafion, to make or caule to be made fuch Hedges, Ditches, Cople, Walls, and Fences on the Lid Road, rr upon, over, or acrols the faiJ Common, in futh Manner and Dittdon as they fhall find necdLry, fo that the Patment of th»- Tolls by this ad granced may not be evaded; and that they lhall and are hercbv requited to make and inclole luch Road out of the la d Common, and of fuch Width as they lhall think neceflary, and fence the fame off, having loch Number of Gates on each Side of the faid Road as they the Lid Trultccs (hail deem necelfary, and the fame Road lhall thenceforth be deemed a publick Highway; and if any Pcifon (hall wilfully pull down or dilplace, or in aaywife damage or carry awav any fuch Fence or any Part thereof, or lhall fill up or Ipoil any luch Ditch, or (hall pull up or deltroy any of the Shakes or other Marks ufed in laying out or mak ng fuch Road, every Perfon lo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every luch Offence auy Sum noc exceeding Five Pounds.

Repealing VIII. Provided nevenheled, and be it further enacted. That the feveral auT^ranti!!*	anc*	Gutics	granted and mace payable by the ("aid former Aft iball

new ones.'"0" bc 2“d continue in force till the Eleventh Day of October now next enlu-ing, when the fame lhall ctaie and be altogether repealed; and that upon and from thit Day the Tolls following lhall be demanded and taken at every Turnpike or Toll Gate erefted or to be erefted in or upon the faid Roads, by virtue of the laid Aft or of this Aft (but fubjeft to the P10. vifion herein-before contained as to the faid additional Turnpikes or Toll Gates hereby authoiized to be erefted), before any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, (hall be permitted to pals through the lame; (that is 10 %)>	v	;•	5..:

Tolls,	For every Ho fe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any

Coach, Cl ariot, Landau, Phaeton, Berlin, Chaife, Curricle, CaLlh, or Chair, or fuch other like Carriage (except a Hearle and Taxed Cart), the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Ilearfe, Market Cart or Taxrd Carr, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, and every P..ir of Oxen or ether Neat Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage

877

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. 49.

riaee of the like Nature (except a Market Cart or Taxed Cart), the Sum of Two-pence:

For evtry Horfc, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Be aft, laden or unladen, and not drawing the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number: And

For every Drove of Calve*, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

Which Lid Tells and Duties (hall be and the fame are hereby verted in the faid Tro flees appointed or to be appointed to put the faid Aft and this Aft in Execution; and the fame and every Part thereof fhall, after paying the Charges of parting this prefent Aft, be iubjeft and liable to the Payment of the Money borrowed or due, or to be borrowed or become due, on the Credit of the faid Aft and this Aft, and fhall be paid, applied, dfpofed of, afiigned, or transferred, to and for the feveral Ufes, In ents, and Purpofts, and in fuch Manner as the Tolls granted by the faid Aft are theieby dirtfted and appointed to be paid, applied, and difpofed of, affigneJ, or transferred, and to or for no other Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever; and the Securities given on the Tolls granted by the faid Aft fhall be deemed and conftrued to extend to and embrace the Tolls hertby granted, in the lame Manner as if the fame had been aftually in bting at the Time of the Execution cf the faid Securities, and had been duly'comprized therein.

IX. And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Power tore-Truftte', or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby empowered moveTurn-from Time to Time, when and as often as they fhall think proper (with TolUSates the Confcnt and Approbation of fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be with the Con-entitled to Two-thi d Parts at the lead of the Money which fhall be then feat of a cer-due and owing i pon the Credit of the faid Tolls, but not otherwife), to p">Por* caufe any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates eTedfed or to he erefled by creditors^ virtue of the faid Aft or of this Aff, in, upon, or acrcfs the faid Roads, to be removed to and erefted in, upon, or acrofs fuch ether Part or Parts of the fa;d Roads, as to the faid Trurtee', or any Nine or more of them, fhall Lem expedient; and again from Time to Time, as often as they lball think fir, to remove the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and fo caufe the fame t > be erefted in, upon, or acrofs the Part or Parts of the faid Roads whereon thev fo medy flood, or in, upon, br acrofs any other Par: or Parts thereof: Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Removal fhall be made without fuch previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame being given as by the fain Aft is required.

X. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls authorized to Allowing be taken r.n ti e faid_ Roads, (hall be demanded, or taken for any Horfes or certain Ex. other Bearts or Catrle employed in carrying or conveying only, or going emptions empty or unladen ro carry or co.nv-y only, or returning empty or unladen from To13' from carrying cr conveying, havi g$em employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Brick, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing c.f rhe faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Tuv. Chios or Psrilhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie v or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, net fold or difpofed of, buc

P78

No Pcrfon liable to any Penalty or additional Toll on account of Overweight of Waggons loaded with Wheat, &c.

47s GEORGII III. Sell.2. Cap. 49.

pafiing to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Morfes or other Drafts or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty or unladen to carry or convey only, or returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying, having b>en employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, for the Purpoi'e only of ufing or repairing the lame, or in carrying or conveying from Place to Place any Mould, Dong, Soilage, Compoft, or other Manure emplorred in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Paftute or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fhotd or farried -, or from any Pcrfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip tolerated by L.aw, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is otdertd by Authority to be celcbiated; or for any Horfes or o.her Cattle conveying the Corple, or going to or attending the Funeral of any Peifon that fhall die, and be buried in any of the Paiilhes in which the laid Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiring any fick Pirfon, or upon other his Paiochial or MiniftetLI Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfes or other Cattle, of wha'foever Defcrip-fion, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprdTrs under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Ex-pn ffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfes attending any Soldiers on their March or on Du y, or drawing any Car. riage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Hotfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfun belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning fiom any Place of Exercile, Infpedtion, or Review, provided that fuch Perfon be drefled in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arms, Furnituie, and Accoutrements, .according to the Regulations appointed for fuch Corps, at the 'lime of claiming the Exemption; or for any Horfes, or other Cattle employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by leg. 1 Paflcs; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Bcaft carrying any Paflcngtr, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, goirg to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the laid County of Suffolk, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day alter fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Pcrfon or Pcrfons fhall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions of this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Pcrlon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhail be applied to the Purpoles of the faid Ait and this Ad; any Thing contained m the faid Acts to the cor.-ti ary thereof nutwithftanding.

XL And whereas the sccuftoined Mode of the Sale and Delivery of Wheat and ether Grain within the County of Suffolk is by the Laft, or Ten Quarters, and the Waagons ufually employed in carrying fuch Wheat and other Grain have the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lefs Breadth than Six Inches, and are ufually laden with Ten Quarters of Wheat or other Grain, which Quantiiy is of fomewhat • '*	3	*	greater

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 49.	879

greater Weight than is by an Ad nude in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefenc Majefty, relating to the Turnpike Road3 within that Part of Great Britain called England, allowed to be carried along Turnpike Roads in fuch Waggons as before mentioned : And when as it would be a great Inconvenience to Pei funs who fhall have Occafi >n to fend their Wheat and other Grain in Waggons along any Part of the Roads by the laid former Ad and this Ad direded to be repaired, it ihey Ihould be obliged to fend a lei's Quantity at a Time than Ten Quarters ; be it therefore cnaded. That no Pcrfon (hall he lubjcft or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or additional Toll, for or on Account of Overweight of any Waggon palling along any Part of the Paid Roads, and laden only with Ten Quarters of Wheat or other Grain; any Thing in the faid Ad ef the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prelent Majefty to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And, for preventing any Differences that may arife about the col- Power to ap-

leding or Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, be it further	£ee

enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any takon at the Seven or more of them, appointed or to be appointed, to order and feveral Gates, appoint that the faid Tulls hereby granted fhall be received and taken at

any One or more of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates already ereded or hereafter to be ereded, in fuch Proportions as they (hall think proper; any Thing in the faid (ormer Ad contained to the contrary noewithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Cofts, Charges, and Ex- For paying

pences attending the obtaining and paffing this Ad, (hall be firft paid out the Expencc* of the Monry collected or borrowed, or to be collefled or borrowed, by	tlus

virtue of the faid Ad and this Ad, ana all Money due for any Materials delivered or taken, or Work done in purluance thereof, or otherwife due

or owing, or which fhall hereafter be due and owing, upon Account thereof, or by reafon of putting the faid Ad and this Ad in Execution, fhall, as foon as may be, be paid out of the Money coileded or borrowed, or to be coileded or borrowed, by virtue of the faid Ad or of this Ad.

XIV.	And, whereas Doubts have arifen whether the faid former Ad Forremov-has provided a fuffirient Remedy to prevent Encroachments and Annoy- 1BS Annoyances upon the faid Road, be it therefore further enaded, That noPeifon £nc*oach-or Perfuns whatsoever fhall make, raife, or fet any new Wall or Walls, ments on the Hedge r>r Hedges, Fence or Fences of Thorr.s or Quickfets, or any other Road. Fences v. i atfoever, in or upon the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to

the faid Turnpike Rear's now already mar.e or hereafter to be made on either Side of the Ditches thereof, nearer than the Space of Five Yards from the Center cf the faid Roads; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall make any Inclofure, Wall, Hedge, or Fence on the Side of the faid Roads, contrary to the Directions of this Ad, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful tor the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, upon their View or Sight of fuch r.ew Inclofure fo made, to order luch new Inclofure, Wall, Fence, or Hedge, to be levelled, thrown down, and removed by the Surveyor of the faid Roads, or by his Order, and to levy the Exper.ce thereof upon fuch Offender or Offenders, in and by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch and the fame Manner, as any Pen-ties or Forfeitures by the faid Aft are diredted to he levied and recovered.

88o	47*	GEORG	11 III. S'dT.i.	Cap:,4/9.

Trees (land- XV. Provided always, and be it furiher enafled, Thar no Timber Tret* mg Fifteen or Stand, (banding Fifteen Feet or more from the Crqwn or Center of Centreofthe the fad Roads, (hall be cut down, lopped, or topped', by virtue of the

Road fnall laid former Aft or this prefent Act.

not be cut

down-	XVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall wil*

Penalty on fui|y or dcfignedly pUH down, dig up, injure, or deftroy any Stor.es or Polls juring'Mile- trccte^ or t0 he erected on the fiid Roads under the laid Act or this Act, lionet.	or erafe, obliterate, or deface any of the Infcriptions thereon, or caufc or

procure the fame to be done; or if any Perfon (hail ride upon any Footway adjoining to the faid Roads, or either of them ; or (hall drive or lead any Horfes or ether Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, cr (hall caufe any Damage to be done to fuch Footway; or if any Perlon (hall haul or draw, or caufed to be hauled cr drawn, upon any Part of the faid Roads, any Tree or PFce of Timber, or any Stone, other wife than upon Wheel Carriages; or (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Scone, which (hall be carried on Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the faid Roads to the Piejud.ce thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upnn the faid Roads (hall fuller the fame to root up or damage the fame, or any Par; thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Copfe on tither Side thereof; or if any Perfun driving any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon the faid Rr ad, and meeting another Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, (hall not keep his Carriage on the Left Side of the laid Roads; o- if any Perfon (hall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perlon or P ifons from paffing him, her, or them upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, or other Carriage und r his Care; or if any Perfon Ihall mike or afGft in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or (hall fee Fire to or let off, or throw any Squib, Roikrt, Serpent, or Firework whatfoever, on any Part or Parts of the (aid Roads; or if any Perfon (hall, without fufficient Caufe, leave any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Wain, Cur, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the laid Roads, or longer than may be necellary for loading or unloading the fame, either with or withouc any Horfe or Bcalt of Draught harnelfed or yoked thereto, cr fhall lay any Timber, Wood, Straw, Dung, Rubbilh, or other Matter or Thing whatfoever on any Part of the Lid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Perfons travelling thereon ; every Perfon lb offending Ihall forfeit and pay a Sun) not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuch Offence, One Moieiy whereof Ihall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety (hall be applied towards repairing the faid Roads.

XVII.	And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders againfl the faid former Act or this Ac, be it further enacted, That all and every Julliccs orjullice of the Peace, before whom an; Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of any Oifence agamft the faid recited Act or this Act, lha 1 and may caufc the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other F'orm of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe (hall happen; that is to fay,

Form of *	w:{	"1 t»E it remembered, That on the

Condition. «	*	’	j Day of.	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

'	A.	B.	is convicted before me C. D. One of His

‘ Maj lty’s

47° GEORG 11 HI. Seff.2. Cap. 49.	88*

* Majtfty’s Juftices of the Pe.ice for the County of	[ol*

f Cuuniirs of	os.the Qaje may be] [_Jpecifyir% the Ofbice, and

4 ib; Time end Place when and where the feme was committed, as the Cafe ' Jhall be] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day anil Year liilt	.i.I-i

4 above wiitten.’

XVIII.	And wherea» Offences may be comtnffred againft the faid For fecurmg recited Act or this Act, by Pei font, Unknown to the Collectots, Surveyors,

or other Officers appointed to put this Ad into Ex-cu<ion, be it therefore enacted, That it fhall be lawful for any of the laid Truftets, or their Clerk of Clerks, or their Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers relpec-tively, and fuch other Perf.in or Perions as he of they fhall call to his or their A Affiance, without any Warrant or other Au hority thair this Act, to feize and d.tain anv fucli unknown Peifon or Pcrtbns who fhall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take hitn, her, or them, before any Juffice of the Peace for the County or Dillrict near to the Place where the Offence cr Offences fhall be committed, and fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed iinmediarely to the hearing dhd determining of the Complaint, or to oblige fuch Perfon or Perfons lo offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Jullices Silt ng, to be holden within and lor the County or Diifr.cc in which fuch Offence or Offences (hall have been commircri, to anlwer the laid Complaint ; and the J'-fticei prefent at fuch Sitting, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and rtquired to hear and determine the Matter of the faid Complaint in a luminary W.iy ; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Jultne before whom he, (he, or they fhall be firff taken, or bv the Juflicts at fuch Sitting as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juflice or Jufliccs refpectively, to commit him, her, cr them to the Common Gaol or Houle of Correction for the I. me County or Diftrict, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Da vs, unlefs he, Ihe, or rhey ihall fooner pay their relpective Penalties,, by hm', hir, or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offences, together with the Cuffs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Complaint, Indict- Surveyors of ment, cr Profecuticn (hall be preferred or brought, or any Notice given Pari(!>es to of any Complaint, Indictment, or Profecution being intended to be pre-

ferrtd or breughr, againft the Survevor or Surveyors cf the Highways of anVlWecu-any Pariffi or Place in which the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, do or doth tions. &c- to lie, by reafhn or on account of the faid Roads being out of Repair, or on theT'rcai*u'er any other Account relating thereto, then luch Surveyor or Surveyors is and tL^rruifees are hereby direered and required forthwith to give Notice thereof in	’

Wiitirrg to the Trcafurer or Clerk to the faid T10ft.es; and in cafe fuch Surveyor or Surveyors ihall neglect or refute to give luch Notice as aforr-laid, he or they dial I for every fuch Default forfeit and pay to the faid Truftees, or thtir Trrafurer for the Time being, the Sum'of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in like Manner as other Penalties are effected to be recovered and lcv.ed by the laid recited Act.

XX.	And whereas great Damage hath b en done to the faid Turnpike Waggons, Road by Waggons and other fuch Cairiagrs with narrow Wheels, drawn &c.whh’ by HoTes in Pairs or abreaft ; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted That }vheeis Uav-it (bail not be lawful for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Ca- rS

ILot.VPer.]	10O	riage,	Breadth tLn

882

Nine Inches, not to be drawn by H- rfes is Pairs.



Statute

Work.

47° G E O R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 49.

riaee, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lefs Bread'h or Gauge than Nine Inches to pals upon the Lid Turn, pike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar already or to he hereafter erected thereon, if the f.me lhall be drawn by Horfes in Pars or alveaft, other than and except luch Waggons Wains, Carts, or other fuch Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Brradth of Six Inches, as lhall he authorized to be drawn in any other Manner by order of the laid Truftees of the faid Road, made at a public k Meeting, confilting of Seven Truftees or more (which Older it fh .11 and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven of them, to revoke at any fubfequent Meeting, and afterwards to make a new one, it they fhall thi. k fit, for the fame Purpofe), and fixed in Writing upon every Toll Gate erected or to he erected acrofs the faid Road, and except Carriages drawn by Two Horfes only ; and in cafe any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, lhall pafs on the faid Road, drawn by Horf s in Pairs orabreaft, contrary to the Provifion afortfaid (other than and except as aforefaid), then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Owners of every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, lhall upon Conviction, either by Confellion of the Party, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wicneffes before One or more Juftice or Jullicrs of the Peace for the faid County of Suffolk, forfeit and pay for every ftn.h Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Driver or Drivers of every luch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, not being the Owner or Owners thereof, fhai], upon Conviction as aforefaid, forfeit ard pay lor every fuch Oftcnce a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Dilcretion of the Juftice or Julio es before whom fuch Offender or Offenders lhall be refp ctively convicted ; fuch Penalties robe refpectively levied and recovered in luch Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of the faid recited Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any Chare Marine, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Charioi, C.iaife, Chair, Cal .fti, or Hearfe, or to the Carriage of futh Ammunition or A li lery as lhall be for His M.j:fty’s Service, or to any Waggon, Wain, Ca't, or oih<r fuch Carriage drawn by Two Horfes and no more, or to any Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels 'thereof of the Brradth of Nine Inches, which lhall be laden with Oi e Block of Stone, One Piece of Maible, One Cable Rope, One Piece of Metal, or One Piece of limber.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons who by Law are or 111 li be liable to do Statute Work, or aie or fhall be chargeable towards repairing aid armn.ing the laid Roads, fhal! (fill remain li.ble thereio in like Manner as heretofore; and it lhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the laid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, or by the Surveyor or Suiveyors of the Highways of any Parifh or Place in which any Part of the faid Roads is fnuate, yearly to adjudge and deteimine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work lhall every Year be dene upon the laid R ads, by the Inhabitants of the relpective Pnrifhes or Places in which the fa d R -ads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Monies received 1 v the Surveyor or Surveyors of the H ghways of every fuch Pariih or P.a.s, in lieu of or as a Compolfcion for luch Statute Work as aforefaid.

4-7°GEORGII 111. Seff.2. Cap.49.

(haft be by him, her, or them paid to rhe (aid Trufte<?!, or th-ir Treafilrer or Tr a urcr'; arri in order thereunto it Iball be lawful (or fm h Ju(Iices, in ca'r luch Application (hill He made to them by the laid Tr fte:, or by their Ceik or Sutveycr, or bv their Ord--r, from Time t > Time to tum-mon the Surveyor or Surveyors or the Highwavs or every (uch P.rifh or Piace, to bring in Ltft» before Inch Juftices, at forr.e Place to be exDrefh d in fu h SutTimi ns (within Ten Days after the ferving ot luch Summons), cf th. N.m s < f the leveral Pcfons who within ftlcn P.irifb or Place are by Law iubj- cl atid li. b e to do Statute W«wk lor ’t!var Year, or to the Payment or any Money in lieu of or as a C mpofition f r fuch Statute Wo.k, diftingu flung the Nan re of the Wo'k to be done, whether wih Teams or Draughts, or otherwi'e, and a!fo the Am )unt o( the re'pect ve Sums to be paiJ, which L lts of Names (hall he made in fuch Manner, and under luch R gulafons and Kefttidions, as are or mar be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Kffect for the Repairs of the pu^ln k Hgh.vays; and in cite Application fh .11 be mule to fuc h J offices by the Survc or or Sutveyois or the Highways or any luch ILtvhes or Place', and fuch Lifts as aforefaid iball be produced by them, to fommon the Cietk or Su veyor of the laid Trultees in like Manner to appear before fuch Ji ibices; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, ai d order luch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubjed and liable to Statu e Wutk as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Wo;k in every Year upon the faid Road, as the Lid Juftices fhall think reafonabL, and the fame (hall be d me at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Hatveft), and in fuch Parts of ihe laid Read, as the Lid Truft es, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (had from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alio order and dited the Perfon', who by fu. h Lifts fhall appear to be fuhjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Com-pofiiion for Statute W rk as aforefaid, to pay luch Propoition thereof as the fata Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Trea-fute-, at huh Time or Times as they the faid Juftices lhall dired:; and in Default or Payment thereof, the fame fha:l and may be recovered by DiftieL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the rtfpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Ad authoriz-d or direded to be recovered ; and each and every Peifon who fhall negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Puipofr, by any Surveyor to the Lid Truftees, fhall, for everv Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Dafault of any Labourer or Laboure s, Team or Teams Draught or Draughts, Lorfe or Horfes, Bead or B arts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to luch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Pcrton or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force qr Effrd fur the Repair of the pttbiick Highways; and if any Perlon who fhali come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to woik on the Lid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by ary Surveyor to the laid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhall be "found ide or negligent as af. refaid; and in that CLfc every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjed and liable to the relpeCtive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or rtfufed to come, or fuch l earn or Draught had not been lent to woik on any Pait of the laid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be ®	paid

S84

Tiuftees may compound for Statute ■Work.

47ff GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. fa

paid to the Trea'urer to the laid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe 'he faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Hgh-ways for any of the faid Paiilhes or Places (hall refule or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lilts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falle or imperfett Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every iuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXII.	Ard be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways ot any Parifh, 1 ownfhip, Place, or Divifion, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments within the fame relpe&ively, or any of them, to compound and agree w ith the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, (or the Statu e Work to be by them, or any of them, done on the faid Roads, provided that fuch Competition Money be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or	other Officers of	the Parifh or	refpedive Parilhes fo com-

pounding,	to the Treafurtr	or Treafurers	of the faid Truftees, on or

before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, or within One Calendar Month alter Notice for tnat Purpofe given him, her, or them refpe&ivcly.

Application XXIII. And be it further enafted, Thar if any Money (hall be agreed faoan°Monn" or awardcrt t0 Psl<^ *or anY Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where it e”-5	pnrchaltd,	taken, or ofed by	virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Act

ceedi tool,	and this Ad tor the Purpales	thereof, which	[hall belong to any Copora-

tion. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfjns under any Difabilitv or Incapacity, as in the laid full recited Ad particularly men-tu ned, lucn Money thall, in calc the fame fhall amount to the Su it of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bunk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the laid Tru'lecs for executing the faid recited Ad and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Diiedion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be ftgnified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a furr.mary Way by the Perfon or Pcrlons who would have been entitled to the Rents anri Piofi's of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe ot the Land Tax, or in Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorize to he paid aftedir.g the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament,, or affedmg any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ftanding fettled therewith to the fame or like Ufes, Intents, orPurpoles; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and invefted, under the like Dirtdion and Approbation of the laid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mkffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch ar.d the like Uies, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofcs, and in the fame Manner as tire Mcftuagcs, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be lo purchafed, taken, or ufed as alorefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the I ime of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exiftmg undetermined and capable of taking Effect; artel in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the laid Money lhall, by Crder of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invelled by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Thtee Pounds per Centum Con-5	Cheated

885

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.49.

folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforelaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to tne Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby dirtded to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchale or Settlement were made.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money Applicatioa fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- where the ments purchafed, taken, or ufedfor the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging ^“^[sTefs" to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Dilabtlity or tkan 20ol. Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and does cx* and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes cetd 10*' the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Tune being

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo pur-chafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe (hall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled. That where fuch Application Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as laft before mentioned, (hall w'irre t^ie. f be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be fhanaol *** applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time

being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more ot them, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and tor the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled rcfptdively.

In cafe of not

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons Tidesforif to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchale Perfon’i can-of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue not be found, of the laid recited Ad and this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or ^>“rchafe (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfac- pl^Untotha non of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe the Bant;-fub-Pcrfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ie<a 10 the awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled 2rder °ff

to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dif-

{.Lee, fef Per.]	10 P	covered,	mS*

Petition.

886

Where any Q'leftion fhall arife touch* ing the Title to Money to be paid, the Perfon who (hall be in Poffcflion of Land, Sec. at the Time of fuch Pur-chafe (hall be deemed entitled thereto according to fuch Poflef-fion, unlefs, &c.

The Court of Chancery may order reafosiable Ex'pences of Purchafes to be paid by the Truflees.

47* GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.xq.

covered, then and in every fuch Cafe ir fhall be lawful for the faid Truf-tees to order the faid Sum or Suns of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the N mie and wiih the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Cnan< ery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parlies intcrefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them]-, fubjrft to the Order, Con-troul, and Lhfpofiiion of (he Lid Court, which faiJ Courr, on the Application of any Perlon or Perfons making Ciaun to filch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is heteby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the lame Court fhail feem meer, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dillribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rclpeftive Eftate or Eftatts, Tide or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and ro make fuch other Order in the Premif s as to the faid Courc fhall feem juft and reafmnble} and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank ot England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecitying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or aie received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any luch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

■ XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Qut-ftion (hall arife touihing the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Poffcilion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PofTeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poflefiion. until the contrary (hall be fhewn to the Satisfafiion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of fuch Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpolcd of accordingly, unlels ic fhall be made appear to ihe faid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Poficffi n, and that fume other Perlon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Diiabiiity or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, enritled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under ihe Authority of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be tequired to be paid into the Court of Chancery, ana to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance cf the laid recited Aft and tins A t, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid ,b j;. a	14	Court

887

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap '.49.

Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Tune to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable, together with the neceflary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faidTrultees out of the M nies to be received by virtue of the laid recited Aft and this Aft, who {hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpoles as the faid Court {hall direft.

XXIX.	And be it further enafled, That this Aft fhall be deemed and PublickAtt. taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Aft fhall be and the Commence-fame is hereby declartd to be revived, and that this Aft {hall commence “ent *nd upon the paffing thereof, and fhall, together with the faid Aft, continue

and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefly. 1807.

		a y .	t;	III			HO'TO '	
	. . 1 " t.o;1		; lu i z				'. i > o) i <13	
	K 3* - ’							
	■							
	» OJ .							
	•o	i;v.	■	■ % >•			• ■	
		... « u lil r-sr . ..		• . i f «				
	4							
.£>/ jfciW. ll	bnc ! ■;>' _	:..,n		rr /:			i	
	ibol jo i		1 :					' i . !
	.i. ! r.		. 1 -	H>,-r			■tj. T .	
-oammmoO	.ino -.d	' iftA	f ■ i . '	(iT-V'				.7 ■■ ■ ■
h iti ft!	..... .'•'j	Jbdi : A					vj Jj ; i • -Jt) )1	
VStllfcuij'icO SjK 1o	:yj!ij D i>A d. .		:. ..					
	■. jnpw ; i	rrr:. l •><	1 -					
	. lqSLZ		. . ... 1					• *■ *r
							’	-



=• $>





VV

&

ov

li	iJ

•» ’

v .............................. \	•	••••'-

.

■

.. ■ ■ •

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2

******^**»************************»************

Cap. 50;

An Aft to amend and render more effeftual To much of an Aft, of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majefty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the ■ Idle of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildexhall River ; and impowering the Con-fervaters of Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second Diftrift deferibed in the faid Aft.	' .

[ift Augujl 1807.]

HERE AS an Aft was parted in the Thirty-third Year of the 33G2-c-iJJ Reign of his late Majefty Kincr George the Second, intituled.

An Afl for draining and preferring certain Fin Lands and Low Grounds in the ljle of Eiv, and Counties (/Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River South, Plant Load and Brandon River North, bounded, on the Wcjl by the River Oufe, and on the Fuji by Winter Load, Earfwell Brooke, and the Hard Lands o/Mildenhall; and for impowering the Governor, Baibffs, and Commer.a'.ty of the Company of Confervaiors of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforefaid, commonly called inverted Lands:

And whereas the CommifSoners of the Second Dirtrift defer.bed in the [Lw. & Per.]	rc Q	faid

890

47° GEORG 11 III. Sefl‘.2. Cap. $ o.

faid recited Aft, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereby given to them, made feveral Drains, Cuts, and Outlets, and erefted feveral Engines, and made feveral Banks, and did other Works in, through, and upon the Lands and Grounds within the faid Dillrift, for the draining and preferving the fame, and affeffed the faid Lands and Grounds within the faid Diitr>ft with the feveral Rates and Taxes therein authoriz d : And vvhefeas it has been found lieceffary, for the Prefervation of the Lands in the fard Second Diftrift, to make certain Droveways through the lame or fome Part thereof ; but Doubts have arifen whether Power is given by the faid recited Aft for that Purpofe : And whereas the Commiffi >ners for the Purpofe of making and preferving the faid Works of Drainage, have borrowed feveral Sums of Money upon the Credit of the feveral Rates and Taxes for fecuring the Monies fo borrowed, with the Interefl; thereof, and a confiderable Debt now remains due upon the Allignrnent of the faid Rates and Taxes, and otherwife, on Account of the faid Lands and Grounds : And whereas the faid Lands and Grounds might be further improved by additional Works of Drainage, but the Rates and Taxes authorized to be raifed by the faid recited Aft have been found in-fufficient for the Payment of the Interefl; of the Monies already borrowed and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the prefent Works ; and the Powers given to the Commiflioners of the faid Second Dillrift are alio found to be infuffident for the effcftual Drainage and Prefervation of the Lands and Grounds comprifed within the faid Dillrift, and the Tax to be unequal, inafmuch as certain Lands are exempted from the Payment thereof, although the fame receive equal Benefit from the Drainage with the other Lands ; and it is therefore neceflfary to make fome Alterations and Amendments, and alfo to make fome further additional new Works for the more effeftual draining	and	preferving the laid Lands and

Grounds, and to lay an additional	Tax	on the faid Lands and Grounds,

in order to raife Money to anfwer the faid Purpofes ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majrlly, That it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in .this prefent Par-Pmvtrs of	liament alfembled, and by the Authority	of the fame, That the faid recited

the A a 1 f	Aft, fo far as relates to the	faid	Second Dillrift, except Rich

t?nued*'COn" Pans thereof as are hereby altered or repealed, (hall be of full Force and Effeft, to all Intents and Purpofes, for carrying this Aft into Execution, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

Appointmtnt II. And be it further enafted, That Charles Wedge, of Wejlley Bottom of Su vt)or jn the County of Cambridge, Gentleman, Joftpb Trujloue, of the Town Lamis,C of Cambridge, Gentleman, and Thtnuas Archer, of Barton Parva, Gentleman. lhall be and are hereby appointed to view the Lands comprifed in the faid Second Diftrift, and to afeertain their different Degrees of Value in proportion to the Benefit they may receive from the propofed Drainage for the Purpofes herein-after mentioned ; and the faid Charles Wedge, '}•-feph Tru/Jove, and Thomas Archer, (hall immediately proceed in the laid View and Valuation, and the fame, with all convenient Difpatch? fliall be Jaid before the faid Commiflioners, and verified upon the feveral Oaths of the faid Charles Wedge, 'jofepb Trujlove, and Thomas Archer; which Oath .	any One of the faid Commiflioners is hereby authorifed and empowered

to adininifler, in the'Words following ; ’videlicet:

*e'	‘I Do

47" GEORGII III. Seff' 2. Cap. 50.	891

‘ T I)o fwear, That this Valuation is faithfully, impartially, and honeftly °*th’

*	Amade, according to the belt of mv Skill and judgement, and without

•	Favour or AtLciion to any Perfon whotnioever. ‘ So help me GOD.

And fuch Valuation fhall be binding on all Ptrfons whomfoever.

III.	And be it further enacted. That if either the faid Charlei Wedge, Appointment Jofipb Truflove, or Thomas Archer, the Three Puffins nominated and valuer* in appointed asaforefaid, or their Succeffors, fhall refufe or neglect to make cafe of Death, or become incapable of making the Valuation afo efaid, or fhall

die before the laid Valuation dial I have been laid before the faid Commiffioners, and verified as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafes it/hall and may be lawful to and for fuch remaining or furviving Perfon or Perf ns, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, within Twenty-one Days after fuch Refufal, Incapacity, or Death, fhall be known, to nomi-n-te and appoint another Perfon, not being either an Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Grounds within the faid Second Diltrict, to value in the Room of every fuch Perfon refufing or becoming incapable to aft, or deceafed ; and that every Perfon fo to be app -inttd /hall have the like Power and Authority to aft in the Execution of this Aft, as the Perlon in whofe Place he or they /hall fucceed is hereby invefted with.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Surveyors fhall fix fuch To Sx aa a gradual Acre Tax as will amount to the annual Sum of Three hundred acre Tax. and forty Pounds upon all fuch Lands, as well thofe that now are, as

thofe which are not charged by the faid recited Aft within the faid Second Diftrift, as /hall appear to them likely to be benefited by the faid Drainage in Proportion to the Benefit derived or to be derived by fuch Lands ref-pe&ively, from fuch Drainage, the faid Surveyors haying due regard to the Value of the prefent Works, which faid annual Sum /hall be applied in the fir/t Place towards Payment of the Expence of obtaining this Afi, and making the aforefaid Valuation ; in the fecond Place, in discharge of the fimple Contra# Debts and Intereft now due ; and thirdly, to difeh ,rge fuch Sums of Money as may be neceffary to be borrowed for making fuch Works as the Commiffioners /ball think neceffary for draining the .aid Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, and which Sum or Sums of Money the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to raife, ffibject to the fame Regulations and Authorities as are preicribed in the laid recited Act ; and then that the annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds be applied by the faid Commiffioners in riifcharging the Bond Debts now due, and the Remainder of the Money foto be railed as aforefaid, to be applied in maintaining the Works, and for fuch other Purpofes for the Benefit of the faid Second Diffrict, as the Majority of the Commiffioners fhall think pr. per; p0wcr{0?e. Provided always, that as loon as the faid Bond Debts are difeharged, it Cuce R.-.tcs. /hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the laid Second Diftridt, at any of their Meetings to be holden under the Authority of the faid recited A#, to reduce the Rates and Fixes authorized to be raifed, levied, and collected, in fuch Way as they ffiall think proper, fo that every fuch Reduction be made proponionably, and with due Regard to the Valuation to be made as aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and ffir it further enabled. That nothing in the faid Poor’s Lan,l« recited Act or this Act contained /hall extend, or be conferued to extend, fo

a*

$92

For rrpr a'irg to n>o< h of f irmer A -t ts rxrmn • ccitr.it. Lan 3 from being raitdj

■Fc-alty ftr 1 qt f our ng litciies.

Kfcnvefy of X»xes.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 50.

as to enable the faid Commifiioners to raife or levy anv Rate or Tax, for or on account of any Lands or Grounds vefDd in the Churchwardens and Overleers of the Poor of the Parilh of Mildenhall. or in any other Perfon or Perfons, for the Ufe and Benefit of the faid Poor within the faid Second Diftrid, or any of them,

VI.	And whereas in and by the faid tecited Ad, certain Lands therein deferibed, above Little Drcvcway, are exempted f om Afleffinents, Rates, and Taxes, and it is found that a conndcable Po'tion of thofe Lands are now materially benefitted by the Drainage; be it therefore fuither enaded. That fo much of the faid recited Ad as exempts the faid Lands above Little Drove-way, be and the fame is hereby repealed, 2nd that fuch of the faid Lands be fubjed ana liable to fuch Rates, Taxes, and AffelTments, as by the faid Surveyors fliall be adjudged likely to receive Benefit by the faid Drainage.

VII.	And be it futther enaded. That from and after the palling of this Ad, if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupies, of any of the faid Lands in the faid Second Diltrid, and to which any Droveway Dike, Outring Dike, Divifion Dike, or other Dike or Dikes whatfoever doth or fliall belong, lhall negled or refufe fulEciently to rode, fcour, cleanfe, open, or repair the fame, cr to make fuch Dike of the Width of Eight Feet at the leail, and of the Depth of Four Feet at the leaft, after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing r iven to him, her, or them, or lefc at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpole, by the Colledor or Receiver, or any other Officer or Officers for the Time being appointed under the faid recited Ad, or to be appointed under this Ad, every fuch Owner or Occupier fliall for every fuch Negled or Refulal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for every Rod fo neglcded to be roded, fcoured, cleanfed, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened, as aforefaid ; an,d it fliall and may be lawful from 'l ime to Time to and for fuch Colledor, Receiver, or other Officer or Perfon, to caufe fuch Dike or Dikes, at the Expence and Charge of fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to be roded, fcoured, opened, repaired, deepened, and widened, in a fufiicient Manner, and by Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Seven or more of the laid Com-miflioners, to levy fuch Penalty, and alfo luch Charges and Expences, as in the faid recited Ad or this Ad are direded to be levied upon luch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiets, by Diflrefs and Sate of his, her, or their Grounds, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the lame fhall be found ; and all fuch Penalties fhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Perfon and Per* fons having made Default, and being in Arrear of Taxes under the faid recited Ad, or that fliall hereafter be in Arrear or make Default in Payment of any Rates and Taxes impofed by this Ad, and flia.l continue in fitch Default for the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time appointed by the laid Commifiioners for fuch Payment, fuch Defaulters fliall forfeit and pay the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence for every Twenty Shi I ngs for tiie /aid Rates or Taxes, in payment whereof fuch Default fhall be nude, and fo in Proportion forahy greater or lefs Sum than Twenty Shillings; and fuch Forfeitures and Penalties fhall and may be

recovered

893

4;0 GEORGII III. Setf.2. Cap. 50.

recovered in like Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Rates and Taxes, Penalties and Forfeitures, impofed and incurred under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft can or may be recovered.

IX.	And whereas fome PioDtietors and Occupiers of Lands within the Ptnalty w» laid Second Diftrift have fraudulently driven off their Stock, and removed Pe^'ort’Yhcir" their Property cut of the faid Second Diftrift, or to Lands not chargeable carte, with the Tax charged by virtue of the faid recited Aft, in order to evade

the Payment of the Taxes in Arrear upon fuch Lands; be it therefore further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in ail cafes where no fufficient Dillrefs can be found upon fuch Lands and Grounds within the faid Second Diftrift, whereon to levy the Tax or Taxes due and owing by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or either of them, or the Penalty incurred for the Non-payment thereof within the l ime herein limited, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the Collector or Colltftors, Receiver or Receivers or any fuch Rate or Tax, or any other Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Seven or mote of the faid Ccmmiflioners (which faid Warrant or Precept fuch Com-miffioners, or any Seven or more of them, though not affembled at any Meeting in purfuance of this Aft, are hereby empowered and required from Ti ne to Time to make, as Occafion lhali require) to levy all and every the Tax or Taxes, Penalty and Penalties, which lhall be then in Arrea-, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons fo occupying any Lands chargeable with any fuch Tax or Taxes, whenfoever or wherefoever fuch Goods or Chattels lhall be found, together with all the Colls at d Charges of levying the fame ; and in cafe no fufficient Diftrefs can be found upon any Goods or Chattels of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo occupying any of the faid Lands chargeable with fuch Tax or Taxes, whereupon to levy fuch Tax or Taxes Penalty and Penalties, then and fo often as the fame (hall happen it lhall be lawful for the faid refpeftive Colleftors, Receivers, or other Perfons, by virtue of fuch Warrant or Precept as aforefaid, to levy all and every the faid Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, or fuch Part or Parts thereof which fhall be then in Arrear, by Diftrefs and Sale of any Goods or Chattels of the Owner or Owners of any fuch Lands or Grounds, whenfoever and wherefoever fuch Goods or Chattels lhall be found, together with all the Colls and Charges of levying the fame.

X.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and '• for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Second Diftrift, from Time to Time, Land 10 di$ as often as they lhall think fit, to contract with any Perfon or Perfons for and church^r to purchafeand take any Land or Ground, which they may deem neceffary rial“‘ 5 for the Purpofe of digging Clunch orother Materials, to be employed in making, repairing, amending, and improving the Banks and Droveways now or hereafter to be erefted or m de, for the better Drainage, Prefervation, and Improvement of the Lands in the faid Second Diftrift, and to pay the Purchafe Money thereof out of the Monies to arife and be collected and received by and from the Rates. Taxes, and Tolls impofed by the faid

recited Aft or this Aft ; and that the Lands and Grounds fo to be pur. dialed (hail be conveyed to or in Truft for the Ufe of the faid Commif.

[Lac. tsf Per. 1	10	R	fioners

>

894*

Power lo in-crtJ t the Toll.

Not to extend to O wnet'5 paying the Taxes.

Exemption of Bedford Level Cor. potation.

Application of Ci mpc»-latton where exceeding aool.

47* GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. 50.

fioners, and (hall be verted in them or Come Perfon or Perfons in Truft for them, for th : Purpofe aforefaid.

XI.	And whereas the Tolls now payable for Horfes and other Cattle parting along and haling upon the Banks of the River in the faid Second Diitrift, are found to be inadequate to the Expence of repairing the Damages done to the faid Banks by fuch Horfes and other Cattle; be it therefore enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commi(boners, and they are hereby authoiifed and empowered, when and fo often, and during fuch Time and Times as they (hall think proper to demand, receive, and take, and to caufe to be demanded, received, and taken by then CHlcftor, over and above the Tolls now paid, the further additional oils hereinafter mentioned (that is to lay): At the Toll bar or 1 oh Bars, upon or acrofs the North Bank of the Mildenkall River, in the fai l Second Diflrift, for every Bead or Horfe haling any Boat, Barge, or other Veflel, along the faid River, the additional Sum of Sixpence ; and for every Horfe parting along the laid Bank, the additional Sum of Three Pence ; and for every Drore of Oxen, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number; but if under Five, then One Penny per Head : and for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number: Provided, that no Toll (hall be demanded or taken bv virtue of this Aft from any of the Owners or Occupiers of Fen Lands Ling within the faid Second Diilrift, for Horfes or Cattle, except for Horfes haling as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for anv Horfe or other Bead haling or drawing any Boar, Barge, or other Vert'd, or any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in catrying or conveying, on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Earth, Wood, or other Materials for the making, maintaining, or repairing any Bank or other Work of the Corporation of Bedford Level; or for any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage employed as aforefaid ; or for any Horfe or other Bead employed in haling or drawing any Ma. chine for deepening, roding, or cleanfing any River or Drain adjoining or near to any of the faid Banks ; or for any Flotfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, cr Afs ridden by any Member, or by any Officer or Servant of the faid Corporation, when aftually employed in the Bufmels of the faid Corporation.

XiH. And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded io be paid ior any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchaftd, taker., 01 uied by virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Aft or this Aft, for the Purpol'cs thereof, which ihall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert. Iniant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any other DTibility or Incapacity as herein mentioned, fuch Money (hall in cafe the fame exceed the Sum of Twd hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the P ivpy of U.e Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex tarte the faid Commifliontrs refpec_

tivcl

&95

47° GEORGlI III. Seff. 2. Cap.so.

tively, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or any Parr thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or afLftmg other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes j or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, u der the like DireQion an i Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other McfTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo pur-chafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fir 11 be exifling undetermined and capable of taking Effedl; and in the mean Time and until fu:h Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by order of the faid Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or T hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the laid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Perfon or Perlons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Heieditaments, fo directed to be purchafed in Cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability as aforefaid, fhall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments f* purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified by Writing under their refpective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore direded, or oiherwife the lame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truflees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Seven or more of ihe faid Coinmiffioners refpeclively (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Money may be applied in Manner hereinbefore direded, fo far as' rhe Cafe be applicable without chaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of ttie Court of Chancery.

App’ication vthere Com. penfation does not exceed 2 00l. nor lei6 tiia* 101,

XV. Provided

8g6

Application Where the Mi 'nev is lefs Ilian 20I.

jn cafe of not making out Titles j

or if Perfons cannot be found, Punch nfe Mo- ey to be pai' into the Bank :

Subject to the Order of the Court or Chancery On Motion or Petition.

Jtefpecting

4ilputed

Titl§*«

470 GEOR GII ril. Scflt Cap. 50.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Mrncy fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in fuch Cafe the fame fhall be pai-1 to the Perfrin or Perfons who would for the Time being have been emitted to the Renti and Profits of the Rands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adi or this Aft, or in cafe of Infancy or Runaev, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled ref-pedtively.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Actor this Adt, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfadtion of the faid Commiffioners ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Pai ties inte-refted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [deferibing them] fubjeft tp the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or atherwafe, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the tame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Cafhier er Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfion to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court] of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands^ Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhallhave becninPoffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements,forHere-

ditatneBts,

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap.50.	897

citnments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and a]! Perfons claiming under fuc Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fitch Perfon or Perfons (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofieffion, until the coutrary (hall be (hewn, to the Satisfaction of the Paid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and di pofed of accordingly, unlels it (hall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Pofieffion wa> a wrongful PolTeiTion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to Come Eftate or Int.-rcft therein.	l	-tfi

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ended, That where by re.afon T;'e Co(,lt of of any Dliability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corpo- Cnancerymaj ration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur-chaled under the Authority of the faid recited A(t or this Ad, the of pm-ciTi', Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paffi into the Court {{je'com’1 \-r of Chanceiy, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tene- lizn-rrs. m"* ments, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes,. in purluunce of the faid recited A.ct or this Act, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Act or this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the (aid Court (hall deem reaf nable, to be paid by the faid Commiffioners, who (half from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money fur luch Purpolvs as the faid Court (hall direct.

SIX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall A-y-cil. think himlelf, herfeif, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, then and in fuch Cafe he, fhe, or they may, within Four Calendar Months next alter the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the General Quarter Saffians to be holden in and for tne faid County of Suffolk (nrft giving to the Perfcn or Perfons appealed againft, or to the Clerk- to the faid Commiffioners, in cafe the Appeal (hall be made agaii.ft any Determination oi the laid Commiffioners Ten Days Notice in Writing of luch Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recogniz.tr.ce before lome Juitice of the Peace fur the faid County of Sufjiit, with. Two fufficienr Sureties, conditioned to. try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of. the faid Court thereon) ; and the faid Juftices fnall, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance havin'* been given and entered into, either hear and determine the laid Appeal at fuch General Quarter Seffions o! the Peace, or if they think proper, may adjourn hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace tn ne holden for the faid Couniv ; and no i roceedings to he had and fallen in purfuance of this Act (hall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts, of Recoid at IVeJl-miiuter, or elfcwhere ; any Law or Statute to the contrary not-wicbftanumg.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hail Ptn;,i.r f,r fet, fix, or place, or caufe to be let, fixrd, or plrced, anv Stack or Mck*, [L:e. tf Per.j	}oS	*	*	Stacks^"'

898

Commi/fion-ers to make Orders tor optrmnp Tunnels* &.C.

Owners ac-

co«n*ahle for Da-nates done b> Boat, men.

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 50.

Stacks of Hay, Fodder, Reed, Turf, or any other Thing which may be injurious to the faid Bank, or any Bank erected, maintained, or repaired by the faid Commiflioners, without having obtained Leave in Writing for that Purpofe from the (aid Commiflioners, aflembied at fome of the Meetings to be holden by virtue of the faid recited Act or this Aft, or (hall let down any Nets or Engines for catching Filh in any of the Drains, or wilfully or malicioufly throw any Earth or other Obftruftion in any of the Drains made or to be made, erected, maintained, or repaired, by virtue of the faid reci ed Aft or this Act, or injure any of the Droveways, every Ferfon to offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in Manner hereafter mentioned.

XXI.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authoriled and required to appoint One or moreOfficer or Officers for the Purpole of opening and (hutting the Tunnels and Sluices already fet down and made ufe of or to be fet down and made ufe of, for the Benefit of Cattle or otherwile, in the Execution of this Aft, and to make fuch Order or Ordas touching the opening or (hutting down of the faid Tunnels and Sluices as they (hall think proper ; 2nd if the laid Officer or Officers, or the Perfon or Perfons afting by or under h s or their Authority, (hall open and (hut down any of the laid Tunnels or Sluices contrary to fuch Order or Orders of the faid Commiflioners, or if any other Perfon or Perfons (hall open or (hut down any of the laid Tunnels or Sluices, every fuch Officer and other Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds nor lefs than the Sum of Two Pounds, to be recovered in Manner herem-after mentioned.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the Walter and Owner of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veffel navigating within the Limits of the faid Second Diltrift (hall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby made aniwerable for any Trefpais, Damage, Spoil, or Mifchief, that ffidll be done by fuch Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veffel, or bv any of tne Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or other Perfon or Perfons belonging to or employed in or about the fame refpeftively, to any of the Bridges, Buildings, Banks, Weirs, Locks, Jetties, Dams, Mills, or other Woiks erefted, maintained, or repaired, or erecting or to be erected, maintained or repaired by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft,either by the loaning or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veffel, or by any other Means, fhall for every fuch Trefpais, Damage, Spoil, ur Mifchief, upon Conviction of any fuch Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, or other Perfon or Perfons, before any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Suffolk, (as the Cafe may be) on the Oath of any credible Witncfs or Witneffcs (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required to admini(ler) or on the ConfeiTion ot the Party or Parlies offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured fuch Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation, as (hall be fixed upon by the faid Ju.tice ; provided no fuch Damage, Satisfaction, or Compeniation, fhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and (hallalfo over and above forfeit and pay to thelnformer or Informers anySum not exceedingTwoPounds, to be fettled and determined by fuch Juftice but in cafe fuch Damages fhall exceed the sum ofTenPounds, the lain Mafler or Owner offuch Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Veffel, may be iu'ed and profecuted for fuch Damages, Satisfaction, and Compeniation, in any of His Majefty’s

Courts

47*GeorgII in. seiT. 2. Cap.50.	899

Courts of Record; and if a Verdid or Judgement (hall be given again!! him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in every fitch Cafe lhall recovtr his Damages thereby fuftained, with full Colts of Suit.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That fuch Boat-

men. Bargemen, Watermen, and other Perfon or Perfons, and each and reccv-r from every of them, (hall be liable to repay fuch Damages, Satisfaction, Com- Boatmen, penfation, and Penalty fo afcertained, fixed, and determined by fuch Jultice, with the Colts of levying and recovering thereof, to fuch Mailer or Malters, Owner or Owners ; and in cafe of Non-payment thereof, upon Demand, and Oath made by fuch Mafter or Malters, Owner or Owners, of the Payment by him, her, or them, of fuch Damage,

Satisfaction, Compenfation, or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Colls thereof, have or hath not been paid to hint, her, or them, by fuch Servant, Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded (fuch Oath to be made before any fuch Juftce of the Peace) the Amount thereof lhall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby direded to be recovered.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Frnes and feitures, impofed by the laid recited Act and by this Act, the levying F-l{eltu|es-and recovering whereof is or are not particularly by the laid recited Ad

or thi Adt directed, (hall, in cafe of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders refpettively, on his, her, or their Confeflions, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witnefi or Witr effes, before any Jultice or Jultices of the Peace for the faid County of Suffo k, be levied by Ddtrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, wbenfoever and wherefoevrr the fame lhall be found, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Jultice or Jultices; and every fuch Jultice or Jultices is and are hereby authorifed and req ired to examine Wicneffes on Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and ail fuch Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed) lha 1 oe paid into the Hands of the Clerks or Treafurer to the faid Commiffioners, and (hall be applied and difpofed of for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adt and this Adt; and the Overplus of the Money raffed by Inch Diffrefs and Sale, upon decudting the Fines, Penalties, ( t Forfeitures, and the Ext ences of fuch Diffrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained; and for Want of fufficient Diffrefs, and in cafe the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for fuch Jultice or Jultices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, there to remain, without Bait or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding t welve Calendar Months ur.Iefs fuch. Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture* and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be foouerpaid or fatisfied.

XXV.	And be it further enacled, That the faid Conunifffoners for the Tonnke faid SeC' nd Diftrid, or any Seven or more of them, fhall have Power Dri n. to make any Cuts or Drains through any of the Hard Lands of Mildenhall thl ’V the near to or adjoining the faid Second Diftrid, for the better draining the *U Lauc',‘ faid Diftritt, making fuch Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners cf fuch Lands for the Lands fo cut, or any Damage aiding thereby, as is provided in the faid recittd Ad.

XXVI. And

900

Payment uf Ta’xtt

Rights of Corporat on oT Bed foici Level rt-fcrved.

Mips to be uied.

Private Mills.

Pabiick Aft.

47* GEORG II Ilf. Self. 2. Cap. 50.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That the Firft Payment of the Rates or Taxes, hereby intended to be impofed, and all future Payments, Rates or Taxes, hereby impofed, (hall be made at fuch Times and Places as the faid Commiffioners ffiall appoint, is otice thereof in Writing figned by their Clerk or fome other Officer appointed by them, or any Seven or more of them,< having been affixed upon the Door of the Parilh Church of Mildenball Fourteen Days preceding ; and a Year’s Tax ffiall become due on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight.

XXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That this Aft, or any Thing herein contained, lhall not extend, or be conflrued to-extend, to invalidate, leffen, diminiffi, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, veiled in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Confervators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; or in the laid Governor, Bailiffs, and Confervators, by virtue of an Aft made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An A£l for fettling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level; or by virtue of any other Aft, Statute, or Charter whatfoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatfoever which by virtue of the faid Aft of King Charles the Second, or of any other Aft, Statute, or Chartsr whatfoever, now are veiled in the faid Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the (aid Governor, Bailiffs, and Confervators, or any ot them, (hall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the faid Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the faid Governor, Bailiffs, and Con-Jervators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this Aft had never been made.

XXVIII.	And be ir further enafted. That in every Cafe where it fhall be neceffary to ascertain the Number of Acres to be charged to the ieveral Owners or Occupiers of Lands, with the-Tax a fit (led by the laid Surveyors, that Reference lhall be made to Two Surveys or Maps which contain the fepdrate Allotments of all the Lands in the laid Diflrift, one of which was made by Thomas Robinfon, and the other by John Ajhmorc.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the Majority of the faid Commiffioners, affembled at any Public Meeting held by Authodty of this Aft, may authorife any Owner or Occupier of Lands within the laid Second Diflrift, to erect or caufe to be erefted any Mill or Mills, Engine or Engines, for the Purpofe of throwing the Water out ot the faid Fen into Mildenball River, or any public Drain belonging to the faid miffioners, fubjeft to luch Rules, Regulations, and Charges, a* fhall be agreed upon between the faid Commiffioners and the faid Owners and Occupiers; and every fuch Agreement ffiall be regillered among ft ^ the other Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That this Aft ffiall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and ffi.dl be judicially taken Notice ofas iueh by all Judges, Juflicei, and others, without being tpecialiy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyrf, and Andrew Strahah-

Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self. 2.

******************************* *****************

Cap. 51.

An A£ to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Adt of the Thirty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making Three Branches of Road therefrom, in the County Lane after.	[ 1 ft Auguft	1807.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty-feventh Year of the 37G. 3.

Reign of His prefent Majefty, King George the Third, inti-tilled, An Aft for amending,widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making and maintaining “Three Jeveral Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine cf Lancailer, certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted to the Truftees therein named and their Succeffors, for the Purpofes therein mentioned : And whereas in purfuance and by virtue of the faid recited Aft Turnpike Gates have been erected, and the full Tolls authorized by the faid Aft have been taken, the Produce whereof, together with a confiderable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the faid Tolls, have been laid out and expended m the Repair and Improvement of the faid Roads, which Money cannot [Lee. Ss* fVr.J	10 T	be

m?

A& conti. nued.

%n}: ‘;V

-luYi. 2... U . 3d

H tsn-fL

47° GEX) R.GIIo III:	SefF.	2. C Cap. $1;

be paid off, nor can the laid Roads be effeftualiy amendrd, improved, and kept it Repair unlefs the Term of the faid Aft is continued, and the Powers thereof be altered, amended, and enlarged ; and it is necefiary that the Tolls granted by the faid Aft fhould be increa ed ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conftnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Did -recited Aft, and all and ev.ry the Powers, Provilions, and Clauies therein contained (except fuch as relate to the Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are by thi&Aft varied, altered, or repealed) (hall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-.after mentioned, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, hue fubjeft neverlhelefs to the Alterations and Variations herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effect on the Second Thurfday next •after the palling of this Aft, which faid additional Term and the Toils .by t! is Aft granted, (hall be and are hereby made fubjeft and liable to 'the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing, as well on the ‘Credit of the Tolls granted by the faid recited Aft’as on any other Security given on Account of and for the Ufe of the faid Roads, and all other Money owing on Account of the faid Roads, and alio of fuch -other Sum or Serms of Money as fhall be borrowed for the Purpoles £>f the faid Aft or this Aft, and the Interelt due and to grow due for 4he fame.

hfifi ll«m	■	v^t/l	r. As * ■ v J; ' 5 /: ■ .' '	: * k

IT. And be it further enafted. That in lieu of the Trullees nominated and ap runted in nr by virtue ot the faid recited Aft, JamesAJhton,RobertNuttall ded cirs, Robert.Bamford, Loyd Bamford, Robert Bainford the younger, JJ h Bamfsrd, Robert Butter-worth, William Bentley, William Buckley, John <buei‘le\y- Eductord Ball, Robert Batterfby, the Reverend Sir William Henry Ur he Bamnet, Charles Chadwick, Hugo Mavtfyn Chadwick, Ellis Cun• li fe, Robert Cuniijfe Th mas Crompton, Richard Calrow, William Cah ow, jh: was Cairau, Thomas Drake Doftor in Divinity, Edmund Dawfon, .Ja.-cs L'cardea, John Entwijlle, John EnttviJHe the Younger, Robert jbuiwi/Jle, cbn Ethott, James Fenton, Jofeph Fenton, John Fenton, James -Fenton, Jonathan Fildes, John Fiides, Jonathan Fildes, Thomas Ferrand, Thomas Core, Robert Gilbert Clerk, Richard Gould, Geo ge Gould, Ridxtrd Green, John Grundy, John Grundy the younger, Edmund Grundy, Dermis Grundy, Thomas Gre.nalgh, Henry Hcjheth, F.enry Ixjkelh the younger, Thomas Holt, Oliver Holt, Robert Heaward, James hleaward, Francis lledgfon Clerk, Richard Hod;fort, William Hodgfon Clerk, Thomas HaJUvn, George Holt, Thomas Hutchinfon, William Hut-chirjon, John Hutchinfon, James Hutchinfon, john Hughes, George Holt tbc uinugtr, .banned fhlker, Robert Cregge Hopwood, Robert Holt, John Holt, Francis Holt, Robert Holt of Crofs Field, Robert Elolt of Chamber 1 In ufe, James Holt, James Holland, James Hamer, J.mies Hey, Jofeph liarrifm, John Johnfin, Char es Joh/fon, John Kenyon, Richard Kay, ''fob ( Kay, Robert Kay, James Kay, William Kay, Thomas Kay, Richard Kay tiie younger, Robert Kay ofChelham, John Kay of Brooklhaw, Thomas Kay, John Kay of Chethaui, Thomas Kir .man, Thomas Lodge, Ijaal Lea h R.oKrL Leech, J ha Leach, James Lercafmre, James LancaJhire ot Shaw, yjm Melladew the younger, John Mafon, John Hut tail, hoF	6	William

903

47° GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap.^t.

William Norris ,Thomas Norris,John Openjhaov, James Openjhaw the vOnngef, Sir Robert Peel Baronet, Robert Peel, Jonathan Peel, Thomas Porter, James Royds, Clement Royds, Thomas Royds, John Gilbert Royds, Jas.es Stark y Benjamin Smith, George Smith, Beckwith Smith. Chanes Smith, John Sehoes, John Taylor, Charles Turner, Jofepb TtmUnfon, John -tailor, James Taylor, Henry Unfworth Clerk, Thomas Hippon Yavafour, Waller Vavafour, John Vavafour, Thomas Yavafour, John Walmjlev the younger, Thomas Wood, Abraham Wood, William Walker, Richard Walker, Robert Whitworth the Younger, Adam Whitworth, William Tates, Edmund Tates, Thomas Tates, Jonathan Tates, and their SuccefTors to be elcdcd in Manner in the faid recited Ad mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for putting this and the faid recited Ad in Execution, under and fubjed to the (Qualification, Oath, and Penally for ading if not qualified, as in the faid recited Ad mentioned and exprefied.

III. And be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall meet together at the Boar's Head in Bury aforefard, on the Third Thurfday next after the palling of this Ad, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of the laid recited Ad and this Ad, notwithftanding any Adjournment may then have been made by the late Truftees; and that the Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall from fuch Metting ad-j urn themfelves to meet at the Roebuck in Rochdale aforefaid, on fuch Day as thty (hall think proper, and that the Meetings (hall afterwards be held alternat lv at Bury and Rcehdule aforefrid ; and the Truftees (hall and may from Tim- to 'lime adjourn themfelves, to meet alternately in Manner aforelaid, at any Time they (hall think proper ; provided, never-thelefs, that no Meeting (hall be adjourned to a later Hour than Eleven of the Clock in the For noon ; and that if#it any Meeting there fhall not appsar a fufficienc Number of Truftees to ad and to adjourn themfelves to another Day (1 Vo Truftees being deemed fufficient for the Purpofe of Adjournment onl)) or in cafe the Truftees arany Timeaflembled ftiali not adj >um themfelves, then and in every fuch Cafe the Clerk to the Truftees fhall by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then ereded on the fai l Road*, at lead Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the I ruftees to meet, at the Place where fuch next Meeting fhould in rotation, be held, on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day for which fucti iaft Meeting was appointed ; and in cafe the faid Clerk (hall by any Means otnit giving Notice as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful for any 1 hreeor more o( the Truftees (although not affembled at a Meeting at any Time or Times after the Space of Seven Days from fuch Omifficn, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed in Manner aforefaid, to appoint the Truftees to meet at the Place the next in rotation for holding the Meeting upon that Day Week after the Date of their faid Notice ; and that the Truftees (hall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences, and a'l Orders and Determinations of the Truftees in the Execution of the laid recited Ad and this Ad (hall be made at the Meetings to be held in purfuance thereof, and not otherwife (except in Cafes in either of the faid Ads particularly provided for) and that no Order or Determination (hall b6 made unleis the major Part of the Tiuftres prefent (hall concur therein; and that all Ads, Orders, and Proceedings relative to this Ad or the laid recited Ad, which are

direded

Firft Meeting of ti>e Trui-tecs.

Ms niter of

huldmg the Meetings,l«e.

904	47*	G	ECRGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. $ 1.

direfted to be done, made, or had by or before theTruftees,fhall and may be done, made, or had, by or before any Five or more ot the 'lruftees, except where any other Number is in either of the laid Afts named, and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings done, made, or had by or before such .Five Truftees, fhall have the fame Force and Effeft as if the tame were done, made, or had by or before the whole Number of the Truftees j and in all Cafef where theTruftees or any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace are authorized to examine any Perfon or Perfons upon Oath, it fhall be lawful for fuch Trullees, or Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, to admini-fter fuch Oath ; and that no Order made by Five or more t ruftees fhall be revoked or altered unlefs at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, of which intended Alteration Twenty-one Days Notice at leaft fhall be given at a previous Meeting of the Truftees, and entered in their B iok of Proceedings, and fuch Notice, fpecifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, fhall be affixed on all the 1 urnpikes on he faid Roads Fourteen Days at leaft before fuch Meeting and unlefs a Majority of the Truftees prefent at fuch Meeting (fuch Majority to conlift of Nine at the leaft) concur therein.

be'ere**™10	whereas	the	Power in the faid Aft contained, authorizing

ami rolh the faid Truftees to treft Turnpikes and Toll Houfes. has been ton id ©fth'ue *1' d 'n ^ome ^e^Pe^s defeftive, and the Tolls granted and made patablt by re i hv life the faid former Aft are not fufficient for thePurpofes thereof, be if ihere-f.'ireer ac;. fore enafted, That the fame and the feveral Tolls granted by the laid recited Aft, and alfo the Provifo, refpefting the not taking of the faid Tol is at more than one Gate within Four Miles, therein contained, be, and the fame are hereby declared to berefpeftively repealed ; And i.illeatl thereof, be it snadied, That the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fh II and may continue, provide, ereft, and fet up, or caufe to be continued, provided, ered^ed, and fet up, one Gate or Turnpike in or acrofs that Part of the faid Roads which lies betwixt a certain Brook called the Spodden otherwile Spottin Brook, in the Townfhip of Spot land in the Parilh of Ruhdale aforefaid, and the wefterly End of certain Dwell ng Houfes, fit ate in the faid Townlhip of Spotland, at a Place called Mitchel Hey Barn ; and a fo fhall and may continue, provide, er ci, and let up, or caufe to be continued, provided, erefted, and fet up, one other Gate or Turnpike in or acrofs that Part of the faid Roads which lies betwixt a certain Place called Fern Grove Well and a certain Bridge called Barnbrook Bridge, both fituate in the Townfhip of Bury afvreiaid, and ihall and may continue, ereft, and provide, or caufe to be continued, eiefted, and provided, a Toll Houfe with convenient Outbuildings at each Turnpike or Gate, and take in and inclofe on the Side of the laid Roads, at each fuch Toll Houfe, a fuitablc Garden Spot for the fame ; and may caufe the faid Gates or Turnpikes, or any of them, together with the loll Houfes and other Buildings from 'lime to Time to be taken down, altered, or removed, and let up within the refpedive Limits before-mentioned, but not elfewhere, as the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them fhall judge proper ; and alfo fhall and may provide, ereft, fet up, and build, or caule to be provided, erefted, fet up, an,I built acrofs any Lane or Lanes, Way or Ways leading into the fait! Roa lu h and fo many Gates and Turnpikes, and a Toil Houfe to eat h Gate or Turnpike, with fuhable Outbuildings appertaining or fuiuhle thereto, and a convenient Garden Spot for .each Tol! Houfe,

as

905

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Caf.$t.

as the fiid Trudees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall judge proper ; and that the feveral Tolls following (lull be demanded and taken at each of the faid Gates or Turnpikes, by fuch Perfon or Beifons as the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, (hall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, before any Horfe, or other Cattle or Bead, or any Carriage whatfoever, (lull be permitted to pafs through the fame ; that is to fay (except as hereinafter is excepted and provided).

For every Coach, Berlin,Landau, Chariot,Chaife, Chair, Curricle, Calalh, Tolls, Hearfe, Litter, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by Six Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horles or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings ; and drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence ; and drawn by One Horfe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six-pence :

For every Waggon, or other fuch Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheel* of the Breadth of Nine Inches, or upwards, on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings ; and drawn by Five or Six Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and drawn by Four, or a lefs Number of Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling :

For every Waggon, or other fuch Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, as aforefaid, and upwards, and under Nine Inches, drawn by Five or Six Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence; and drawn by Four, or a lefs Number of Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Waggon or other fuch Four-wheeled Carriage, with any of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Shillings :

For every Cart or other Two-whee!ed Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth ofNine Inches as aforefaid, drawn by Four or more Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling ; and drawn by Three Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence ; and drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Di aught, the Sum of Six pence :

For every Cart or other i’wo-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, as aforefaid, drawn by Four Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling ; and drawn by Three Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Tea-pence ; and drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horfe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Five-pence :

For every Cart, or ocher Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches as aforefaid, drawn by Three Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence ; and drawn by One Horfe or.,Bead of Draught, the Sum of Six pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Five-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for a greater or lefs vNumber:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for a greater or lefs Number :

ILoc. Ss* Per.}	io	U	And

qo6

Doubl; Toll on Sunday..

Toils to be taken in 13nnitrd for pallli g only into or from any P.irt of tiiatOiftiict.

Tolls only to be paid once for paft

47° GEORGfll III. SeflVi. Cap.$u

And that on each and every Sunday during the Continuance of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, in cale they lhail think it necelfaty, to demand ami take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, at the Turnpikes or Toll Gatts. now erefted or hereafter to be erefted in purfuance of the faid recited Act or this Aft, by fuel) Perjon or Perfons to be nominated and appointed as aioiefaid, before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame refpeftively, double the feveral Tolls herein-before direfted to be taken on any other Day of the Week.

And the feveral Tolls by this Aft granted (hall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and fhall be and are hereby veiled in the faid rJ rullees •, and (hall be levied and recovered, in fuch and the fame Manner as the feveral Tolls granted and made payable by the laid recited Aft are thereby direfted to be levied and recovered, and may be aflignedin fuch Manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the following Tolls, and no greater, (hall be taken for Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages palling through any Turnpike Gate to be erefted within the Divifion or Dilhift of Bamford aforefaid, in going only from or to, or returning only from or to any Houles, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Mines, (Quarries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Ed ate of Robert Bamford, Efquire, or in which he hath any Intered, whether the fame Hull be in the Occupation of the faid Robert Bamford, or of any Perfon holding of or under him, or under Detnife from any Perfon whofe Ellate he now hath, lltuate and being within the Divifions or Diltiifts of Bamford aforefaid and Birtle cum Bamford, in the Paridi of Middleton in the faid County, or either of them j (that is to fay),

For every Waggon, or other fuch Four wheeled Carriage, drawn by any Number of Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Three or more Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny, and drawn by One or Two Horfes or Bealls of Draught the Sum of One Penny :

For every Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of Iefs Breadth than Six Inches as aforefaid, drawn by Three Horles or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence, and drawn by Two Horfes or Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence, and drawn by One Horfe or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Coach, Chail'e, Curricle, Chair, or other fuch like Car-riage, Hearfe, or Litter, diawn by Two or more Horfes, the Sum of Four-pence, and drawn by One Horfe, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny : And

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score j and lo in proportion for a greater or lefs Number.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon who fhall have paid the refpeftive [Toll for palling through any Turnpike

...	■	„	or

9o;

47p GEORGII III. 9eff.2. Cap. 51.

or Gate to be continued or erefted by virtue of this or the faid recited Act, lhall be fubjeit or liable to pay any Toll for returning through fuch Turnpike or Gate before Twelve of the Clock in the Night of the lame Day, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage in refpeft of which he lhall have paid fuch Toll, or with the fame Horfes or Cattle which ihall have drawn any Carriage for which the Toll has been paid at fuch Gate that Day, if returning with another Carriage of the fame Defcription as that for which the Toll has been paid, but lhall return Toll-free on producing a Note or Ticket to the Colledtor of the Tolls at fuch refpedtive Turnpike, denoting Payment ol fuch Toil, which Note or Ticket the Colledtor of the faid Tolls is hereby empowered and required to deliver gratis on Receipt of iuch Toll; and that no Perfon who refides at the Time betwixt the Turnpike to be continued or erected next to Barnbrook Bridge aforefaid, and the Turnpike to be continued or erected the neateft to the faid Buildings at Mitcbel Hey Barn aforefaid, and within theDiltance of Half a Mile of any ol the faid Turnpikes or Gates to be continued or eredted on the faid Roads who fliall have paid the refpective Tolls for palling through fuch Turnpike or Gate lituate within the Diltance aforefaid of his or her Relidence lhall be fubjedt or liable to pay any Toll for a Second Time of palling and returning through fuch Turnpike or Gate before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the fame Day, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage in refpedt of which furh Toll fliall hare been paid (except as herein-after is excepted and provided)^ but nothing in this Claufe contained lhall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to exempt any fuch Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage from Payment of the refpective Tolls for palling a Third Time the fame Day through fuch Turnpike or Gate in the fame Direction in which they went the lirft Time that Day ; hut the faid refpedtive Tolls lhall be demanded and paid for each palling (after the Second Time of fuch palling) with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage, through fuch Turnpike or Gate in the fame Way or Diredtion which iuch Horfes, Cattle, orjCarriage wenc the firlt Time that Day: Provided neverthelcfs, that nothing in this Claufe contained lhall extend, or be held or conllrued to extend to exempt any fuch Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage when going empty or unladen for, or palLng laden with any Kind of Coal or Stone,- or any Kind cf Mines or Minerals whatfoever, from the Payment of the refpedtive Tolls once for each and every palling and repairing, but fuch Horfes,

Cattle, or Carriage, when fo employed, lhall pay the faid refpective Tolls for each Time they lhall pafs through the fame Gate in the fame Direction which they did the Firlt Time that Day, and lhall be allowed to return each Time gratis, if before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the fame Day, but not otherwife.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe all or any of the Tolls Enabling ariftng by virtue of this Act lhall be demifed or let to farm to any Perfon Truttees r® orPerfons in any Manner whatfoever, and the Leffee or Leffees, Farmer froe'orfoti or Farmers thereof, lhall negledt orrefufe to perform the Terms and Con- Houfc», &c. ditions on which the fame lhall be fo demifed or let, either by taking wheiilct* greater or lefs Tolls, or in any other Way or Manner ; or in cafe the Rent or Rents agreed to -be paid by fuch Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Fanners, lhall be in Arrear by the Space of Fourteen Days next after any one of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid purfuant to the Agreement for demifing or letting thereof ; and in cafe the Toll Houfe or Toll . ,	Houles

908

Payment of a full T« 1 at one Gate to ,ree the next.

General E*-emptioni.

470 GEORG 11 111. SelT.2. Cap.$u

H^ufes fhall he in the Poffeflion of any fuch Leflee or Leffees, Farmer ot Fanners, orColleftor or Collectors, who fhall be difcharged or removed from his or their Office of Colleftor, or fhall happen to die, then and in any of thofe Cafes the faid f rtf flees, or their Clerk or Treafurer, or any other 1'erfon authorized hy Writing under their Hands, fhall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter upon and take FofTelTion of any Toll Houfe or Toll Houfes, and the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out fuch Leflee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers of the Tolls arifing thereat refpeftively, or any Col-leftor or Collectors or o her Officer or Officers having the Poffeflion of the faid Toll Houfe or Toll Iloufes, Gates and Pretnifes, from the Poffeflion thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls ; and that thereupon it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees (if they (hall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contraft or Agreement (if any) for demifing or letting the faid Tolls to fuch Leflee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers, and the fame fhall be from that Time utterly void, to all Intents and Purpofes, (fave as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment up to that Time of the Rent or Rents thereby referved, or other Covenants or Agreements on the Leffee’s Part which fhall have been broken) as if fuch Denfife or Agreement had never been made ; and it fliall be lawful for the faid Truftees in every fuch Cafe to demife or let to farm the faid Tolls again to any Perfon or Perfons, or caufe them to be collected as if no former Demife, Con-trad, or Agreement had been made relative thereto, any Law, Cuitom, or Ufage to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no Perfon or Perfons who fhall have paid the full Toll for pafiing through any Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erefted acrofs the faid Roads, or on the Side rhereof, fliall be liable to the Payment of another Toll for afterwards parting the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage, through the Gate or Turnpike ereCted acrofs or on the Side of the faid Roads, the neared to that at which fuch Toll fhall have been paid, but fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall be exempt from Toll there, on producing a Note or Ticket denoting Payment of the Toll at fuch other Gate, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Tolls at fuch Gate is hereby authorized and required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll, if demanded.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That none of the Tolls by this Aft granted fhall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any # of the Roads in the Townfhips in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, or paflingfor that Purpofe, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Out* houfes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Carriage, Horfe, Cattle, or Beafl, employed in carrying or conveying, or going co carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manure (except Lime) employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands or for any other#Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands,

lilt!

ak<

»iffi *

lit 9

**’ r

*1,1# M 7 .

V

j i

rift *

j,4

M \*

&



it

|

lit *

47° GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 51.	9°9

or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being fhoed ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of religious Worfhip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who lhail die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes ■, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from viliting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated j or for any HoTfe, Beaft, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Majefty's Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps ot Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from (he Place appointed for and on the Days ot Exercife ; Provided always, that fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fud) Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Horfe, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Paffes, or lor any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage carrying or conveying anyPerfon or Pefions going to or returning from any Ejection of a Knight or Knights of the Si.ire to ierve in Parliament for the faid County Palatine of Lancajler, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eleftion (hall begin or be conduded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or" collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft gTarited,r-not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Half fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this and the faid recited I Aft; J* *	jit	ja

X.	And be it further enafted, That out of the firfl Tolls to be Applicatianof collefted and levied by virtue of this Aft, or out of the Monies to be -M°neT borrowed on the Credit thereof, tHe faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall and they are hereby required, in the firfl Place, to pay Hi Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Subi of Money borrowed for the Purpofe of defraying the Expence of obtaining this Aft, and afterwards all the faid Tolls and Monies fhall be applied in defraying the Cods and Expences relating lo the obtaining and paffing of this Aft, and of continuing, efefting, and providing Turnpikes,

Toll Houfes,and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of alceiing, widening, repairing, and*maintaining the laid Roads, and of executing the other Purpofes of this and the faid recited Aft, and in paying off and difcharging the Intereft and Principal in the firfl Place of all fuch Sum and Sums of Money which have been borrowed for the Ufe of the laid Road, upon the individual Security of any of the faid Truftees, or any other Perfon or Perfons, and are now owing, and in the nexc Place in [Loci Ss* Per.]	iol	paying

*

*»

9 T O

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap t,i.

Application of C^mpew-fation if a-mounting t©200).

paying the fntereft and Principal of all fuch Sums of Money as have been borrowed, and are now owing upon theCredit of the faid recited Ad, or which (hall be borrowed on the Credit of this or the faid recited Ad,

Directin? th? Repair of the new Road in C fes where

the oid Highways k-a • turned,

*nnd particular °e> fons were liable

in v epaii the old Highway by Tenure or otncnv.fe.

XI.	And whereas certain Parts of the faid Roads, by the faid recited Ad intended to be amended, have already been, and other Part'- here-after may be diverted and rendered nearer and more commodious to the Public, and Doubts have arifen, and hereafter may arfe, whethe. any particular Perfon or Perfons liable to repair the old Highway or Road fo deviated from, by Statute Duty- or by reafon of che Tenure of their Lands, orotherwife, ought folely to repair the whole of the kme diverted or new line of Road, or only to contribute in fome Proportion towards the Repair thereof jointly with the Inhabitants of the Parilh, Tcwnlhip, Hamlet, Divifion or Diftrid refpedivtly, wherein the faid new Line of Road lies ; for obviating which Doubts, and preventing Difputes in future, |be it further enadtd, That the Perfon or Perfons who was, were, or {hall be liable as aforefaid, to the Repair of fuch old Highway or Road, which hath been or (hall be fo diverted or turned, fhall refpedively be and continue in the fame Manner liable to the Repair of fuch new Road, cr fo much thereof as fhall be equal to the Burthen and Expence of the Repair of fuch old Highway or Road, from which they, he, or Ihe, have been, or (hall be in anywife exonerated, by the diverting of_ fuch Road ; and that the Inhabitants of every fuch Parilh, Town (hip,* Hamlet, Divifion, or Diftrid refpedively, wherein the faid new Line of Road (hall lie, fhall be liable to the Repair of the Remainder of Inch new Line of Road, and that if the feveral Parties interefted cannot agree therein, the fame fhall be viewed by Two Juftices of the Peace, ading within the Diftiid where fuch Road lies, and fhall be fettled, adjufted, and determined by them in fuch Manner as they fhall think juft ;md rea- -fonable, and from and after fuch Determination of the faid Juftices, the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh, Townfhip, Hamlet, Divifion, or biftrid, and the Perfon or Perfons liable to repair a certain Part of fuch new Road as aforefaid, refpectively neglecting to repair the faid new Road, according to fuch Adjuftment as aforefaid, fhall bear all Charges and Expences of ' Indictments and Profecutions, which lhall be brought againft them refpectively for not repairing their apportioned Part of the fame.

•I

#

Ilf

XII.	And be it enaded,' That, if any Money fhall be paid, or “ agreed or awarded to be paid, for the .Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of! the Powers of this or the faid Ad, for the Purpoies thereof, which fhall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Husband, Guardian, Com. mittee, or other Truftee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Femes Covert, or other Ceftuique Truft or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatsoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte theTruf-tees for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, ’4	to



I

gn

47* G E O R G11 III. SefT. 2. Cap.tf.

to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, afledting the fame Lands, Tenements,

• or Hereditaments, or aftefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the lame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes j or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredtion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo pur-chafed, taken, or ufed as atorefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fh-II be exifting undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by order of the faid Court upon Apprtcatio i thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or 1 hree Pounds per Centum. Reduced Bank Annuites; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the PeTon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits' of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo diredted to be purchafed by virtue of this AS in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difa-bilitv or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lhall exceed or be equal to the Sumof Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy,to be fignified inWriting under their refpedtive Hands) be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before diredled, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trultees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by F,ve or more of the (aid Trurtees for executing the faid Act and this A cl (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before diredted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without

Application where Com. penfation uoes not exceed aool. nor leu than

iji.

913	47*	G	E	ORGII III. Self. 2. Cap. 51.

out obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation

of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Money is left than 20I.

I n cafe oF not making out Titles j

cr if Perfons cannot he found, Pur-chafe Mo 1 ey to he paid into the Bank :

Suhjert to the Order of the C^urt of Chanctry on Motion or Petition.

XIV.	Provided alfo* and be it further enafted, That where fuch

Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next betore mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame Ihall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who wrould for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for thePurpofes of this Act, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be. paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeckivtly.	yj	0 P 4

XV.	And be it further enafled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money Ihall be awarded for thePurchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid Ad or this Adi, (hall, refufe to accept the fame, or Ihall not be able to make a good Title to the Pretnifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Caie it ihall be lawful, for the faid Truftees, or any, Five or more ot them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of. Money fo av.aidtd as atorefaid, to be paid, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties inte-refted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,^deferibing tbeni] fubjedt to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of. the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedlive Iiflate or Dilates, Title or Inteieft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums ot Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt pr Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are.received, to fuch Peifon or Perfons as ihall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

routed"* XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Title*. Queflion fhall aril'e touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the'Court of Chancery, in pcu/uance of this Act, for the Purthafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or #of any Eftate, Right, pr 4,ltersfl in any Lands, Tenements, or Here-

<	3	3- Wjk aa fc	ditamentj

9*3

4-7° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2, Cap. 51.

ditlrr.ents, to be purchafeJ in purfuance cf this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafei with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or latcreft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofltfiion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the-Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and lntereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlels it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeifion was a wrongful Poffeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or lntereft therein.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid Aft or this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of th's '.ft i: Hull and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes front Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Aft or this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XVIII.	And be it enafted, That all Perfons who by Law are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fnall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads by the faid Afts or either of them directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, (hall frill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County Palatine oiLancafttr, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parifhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifti or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid t > the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer ; and in order thereunto it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be exprefted in Lch Summons (within Ten Days after the Serving of fuch Summons) of the Names cf the teveral Perfons who within fuch Parifli or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to

[Loe. cf? Per. J	io T	do

The Court of Chancery may order l eafon-aUc Expmcec cf Purchafe# to be paid by the Tr«f. reef.

Perfons chargcab e to Statute Work to continue fo.

Juftices to determine Differences touching Statute WcrK.

914	47*	GEORG!I III. Seff. 2. Gap.51.

do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in iieu of or as a Compofuion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid ; which Lifts of Names (ball be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as is, are, or may b» directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-Time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint ; and the faid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and diieft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as" aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid juftices (hall direft ; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Aft authorized or direfted to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall negleft: or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaulc of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be (ubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repair of the publickHighways-, and if any Perfon who fliall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to Work on any Part of the faid Roads , all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the faid Roads , and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifties or Places (hall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fliall knowingly or wilfully give in fall's or imperfect Lifts, every fuchSurveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence iorfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Publick A3. NIX. And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecialty pleaded.

4

XX.And

47* GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. $ i.	915

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Term granted by the faid Term ami recited AO (hall be and is hereby declared to be repealed ; and that the faid recitecj Aft (except fo much thereof as is hereby varied, altered, or repealed) and this Aft, (hall commence on the Day of the palling of this Aft, and (hall continue and be in full Force and Effeft for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, . Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.



	fft	
Ak		1 jiaiiKdO- bns
		a JStUl M siif
		
		rfawl ob oj
		
		ocA to jsWT
ft tSpt ,	paA'w V	
	[* qodiij	. : ■ j jdt'T
		! Art H to
	riod’l to dldfi	iil bjia fiejdul inolroH to noi tO j  • : *3(npo tlsjft iw O’ ’dgiisiCI
		Sit
		
		0 w ynt, no
		jj si(j fo vnc
		ibul ni
		
ftlo'-I L>->23 to.	i mu3 (oc yi	
• . 0:	ifjrrtrt ti ad	bnA XI4
bm	bildn‘1 s stf	oj *r>jl« Nit
. ;.v W e»smt	wgbal 11*. yd rioul es ' .LaLsaicj	

*













.

.

B	■

-	•	•	i'9**	-...j

IB* ’.«■:•	n- <••, IJX1

■

I- -HW .

»***» >*■* t* :- **• ».»	tV	•

r jjpij ^ t	".	*.	■'

t;?•— t■- — • -	■	— • •	*





V'/l I- ; I Vvi C ’	!!

IV \	.	n •

<c C EtL C'\ It U'	‘	:	‘

ft x "t ■ <j





J>r.r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

- ;	I*i7	NT 1?	. r .

GEORGII III. REGIS.

..... >«u .* r 1 V : ... • hoeijuA	~

Seff 2.	.

“J '	a'	'	• - ■* •	-	>•	■. ..ifioft v.^4

•	•	'	‘	>	:	..	r	-, 1 ;.

**i|H|HMHMfi!H***»**«**«***4|(***#********i|f******«****|E^5|h***

V	....

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts, pafted in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Ijle of Ely, and other Places in the faid Acts mentioned.

[ift Augujl 1807.]

HERE AS an Aft was pafled in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeitv King George the Third intituled, An Adi for amending tke Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris jG> < and March to Wifbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gate in the He of Ely, and from Wifbech aforefaid through Outwell, to Downturn Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the fev. ral Adis for repairing the faid Road between Wifbech and March .• And whereas another Aft was paffed in the feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi to amend an Adi made in the Fifth Tear of His prefent Majefty; for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry through 7 g. Chatteris and March, to Wifbech Saipt Peters, and from thence to lid Gote, in the I fie of Ely, and from Wifbech aforefaid through Outwell to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and for repealing the fevcral Acts for repairing the faid Road betxetn Wifbech and March, andalfo for charging certain Lands in WiWerfea, and cn Wifbech South [Loc.tfiV.]	jo	Z	Side,

9i3

i6G-3.

A&s of 5th 7th, and a6th

O. 3.

continued*

Truftres fjr rxecnt ng Ihe faid Act* to execute this Act.

Truftees not to vote when particularly mtertiled.

Truftees may fue and be

fued in the

47* G E 0 R G11 III. SelT.2. Cap. 52.

Side, towards the Repairs of the Walderfea and South Side Banks, which before thepajfmg of the faid Adi were liable to fuch Repairs: And wherea* another Ad was palled in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi to enlarge the Term and Powcs of Two Acls made in the Fifth and Seventh Tears of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wifbch Saint Peters, in the I fie of tlv, and other Places in the faid Ads mentioned: And whereas the Truitees appointed in or by virtue of the laid feveral Ads have proceeded to put the fame in Execu. tion, for which Purpofe they have borrowed confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, wnich ftill remain due and cannot be repaid ; nor can the faid Roads be properly amended, impro-ved and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Ads is continued, fome of the Powers and Provifions of the faid Ads altered, enlarged, and amended, and the Tolls increafed ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with ihe Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ads paired in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provifions, Penalties, Refervations, and Claufes therein contained (except fuch as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) (hall be and continue in full Force for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effeduaily to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enafted, but fubjed neverthelefs to the Amendment, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhali commence and take effed upon the palling of th’13 Ad ; and this Ad, and the Additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, (halt be and are hereby declared to be lubject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the faid firmer Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the faid former Ads and this Act, and of ail lntereft due and to grow due for the fame refpedively.

IT. And be ic further enaded. That the Truftees named in or appointed in purfuance of the faid recited Ads or any of them, fhali be and are hereby appointed Truftees for putting in Execution this Ad; and that the General Meetings of the faid Truftees (hall in future be held annually at the Town of Wisbech Saint Peters aforefaid ; and that the faid 1 ruf-tees (hall be and are hereby empowered to adjourn themfelves, from Time to Time, to fuch Time and Place, within the Limits of the faid Roads, as they (hall think proper ; and in cafe no particular Adjournments (hall be made by the faid Truftees, then that all the Meetings of the faid Truftees (except the faid General Meetings) (hall from Time to Time be held according to the Diredions of the faid recited Ads ; Provided always, that no Truftee (hall vote at any of the faid Meetings on any Queftion wherein he (hall be particularly concerned or interelked.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk ; and that no Adion 1a	to

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.52.	919

to be brought or commenced by or againft the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, by virtue or on account of the faid recited Acts or this furerorcitik. Aft, or any of them, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, fliall abate or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Treafurer or Clerks, or by the Ad of fuch Treafurer or Clerk, without the ConLnt of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ; but the Treafurer or Clerk for theTime being to the faid Truftees (hall always be deemed the Plaintiff c1erk an(J or Defendant in fuch Action as the Cafe may be : Provided always, that Treafurer to every fuch Treafurer or Clerk, in whofe Name any Action or Suit fliall be commenced, prrfecuted, or defended, in purfuance of the faid recited Ads or of this Ad, fliall always be reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies to arife' by virtue of the faid Ads and this Ad, all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any fuch Proceeding he fliall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reafon of his having been fo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforefaid.

IV.	And whereas by the faid Ad of the Fifth Year of the R gn of of "rllur™ His prelent Majefty, the'Number of Tolls to be taken in one and the cueii, fame Day, for the palling of Cattle and Carriages through the fevcral Turnpikes within the refpedive Divifions of Roads therein mentioned and dtfcribed, was limited and reltrained : And wherea6 fuch Limitations and Reftridions, fo far as the fame relate to the Paffage of any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, are, by the faid recited Ad of the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jefly, repealed: And whereas it is in and by the faid laft-memioned Ad provided, enaded, and declared, that no Perfon or Perfons who fhould have paid the Tolls thereby and by the faid Ad, palled in the Fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, granted, for pafling with any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, not drawing, through any Gate or Turnpike fet up by virtue thereof, or of the faid former Ad, between Wijbech Saint Peters and Tid Gote, fhould be fubject and liable to pay more than One Half-penny for any further or other Toll on the fame Day, at any other Gate or Turnpike fet up between the faid laft-mentioned Places, for pafling with the lame Horfe, Mare, Gelding,

Afs, or Mule, but lhould be permitted to pafs through fuch Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes, upon Payment of an additional Sum of One Halfpenny, upon producing a Note or Ticket of his, her, or their having paid the Tolls by the laid Ads of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of his prefent Majefty, granted, at one of the faid Gates or Turnpikes berween the refpedive Places laft-mentioned, which Note or Ticket the Colledors were thereby required to give, gratis, on Receipt of the Tolls: And whereas all the before mentioned Limitations and Reftridions are found to be prejudicial to the faid Roads be it therefore further enaded. That all the Limitations and Reftridions granted by the faid Tceited Ads, lhail be and the fame are hereby repealed, and that fo much and fuch Parts of -the faid Ads, palfed in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, as require the Colledors to give a Note or Ticket, gratis, or. Receipt of any Tolls, fliall be and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed ; and that from and after the palling of this Ad, no Note or Ticket fliall be given by the Colledors of the Tolls at any of the Turnpikes, to pe>mit any Cattle or Carriages to pals or repafs, Tull-free, through any other of the Turnpikes now ertded acrofs the faid Roads, but that full Payment of fuch Tolls as are

by

947* GE^RG jfl IIL 'Scff.2. Cap. 52.

by the faid former Aft's or any of them, and this Aft, directed to be taken,-Ihall be demanded and taken at each and every Gate or Turnpike erected' or to be erected upon or on either Sides of the faid Roads, by fuch Per-, fon or Perfons as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, thall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, before any Horfe, Cattle,1 Bead, or Carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame; which faid Tolls, and every Part thereof, (hall and may be demanded* collected,: recovered, applied, and difpofed of in fuch Manner, and for fuch Ufes,» Intents, and Purpofes, as are directed by the faid former Acts or any> of them, with refpect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but' fubjeft nevertheless to the Provifions and Directions of this Ad: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued: to extend, to empower the faid Truftees or any of rhenn to increafe the Number of Turnpike Gates now erefted acrofs the faid refpedive Roads.	.	,	;

autocar?"* V. Provided always, and be it enafted,' That none of the Tolls hete-riagts gaffing by and by the faid recited Ads authorifed to be taken, for the palling wi'ib-c" and ° any Coach, Chariot, Chaife, Chair, or'other fuch Carriage, through Tid G u. the Gates or Turnpikes let up by virtue of ’this or the faid former Ads,' fnall be demanded or taken at more than one of the Gates or Turnpikes fet up between Wijbe.b Saint Peters and Tid Gate or between bViJbech Saint Peters and Tretton Bridge, but every Coach, Chariot, Chaife, Chair, or other fuch Carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs Toll free through fuch other Gate or Turnpike, between the faid .Places, upon a Note or Ticket being produced of the Payment of Toll, for fuch Coach, Chariot, Chaife, Chair, or other fuch Carriage, at any one' of the faid Gates or Turnpikes between the faid refpedive Places, which Note or Ticket the Colledors are hereby required to give giatis on Receipt of the Toll.

, ,.	VI. And be it further enaded. That over and above the Tolls granted

Toils. °r by the faid Ads of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prelent Majefty, the further Sum following (hall be paid at each of the Turnpikes ereded or to be ereded by virtue of the faid Ads or either of them at which any Toll is or (hall be payable by virtue thereof, to fuch Per-fon or Perfons as the faid Truftees, Of any Five or more of them, (hall appoint to receive the fame ; (that is to fay) the additional Sum of Three Pence for every Cart or Carriage paying or liable to pay Duty as a Taxed Cart, which faid Sum fhall be paid before any fuch Cart or Carriage as aforefaid (hall be permitted to pafs through the faid Turnpikes, and (had be demanded ana taken as a Toll, and (hall be and is hereby vefted in the Truftees for putting the faid former Ads and this Ad in Execution ; and the laid additional Toll hereby granted, (hail and m?y be demanded, recovered, levied, and afiigned, in Manner diieded bv and ur.der the Reftrictions contained in the laid Former Ads or any of them, with refped to the Tolls thereby granted, and (hali be applied lor the Purpofes therein and herein mentioned.

Tc.<on	VIE And be it further enaded, That the Sums now payable for the

o*.iiar.<i Tolls on Oxen and Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Sheep, and Lambs, £rt.fton*’ (hal 1, immediately after the palling of this Ad, be paid and payable at timie*» .iov» each and every of the Turnpikes ereded by virtue of the-paid Ads, t * through which 'fuch Oxep or neat Cat tip,- Calves, Swine, -Sheep, or vJ	Lambs

47* GEORGII III. SdT. 2, Cap.52.

Lambs (hall pafs: Provided neverthelefs, that the faidlruftees, or any Five or more of them, {hall and rrav, at any of their annua! Meeting?, leffen and reduce the Toils to be paid for Oxen and Neat Cattle, to any Sum or Sums of Money not lefs than one Half of the Sums now paid or payable.

VIII. And be it further enafled, That from and after the palling of this Act the feveral Exemptions from Toll mentioned and contained in the Paid fiift recited Aft, except fuch as relate to the Payment of Tolls more than once a Day, (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed; and that no Toll (hall be demanded or taken at any loll Gate for any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, folely employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying and conveying, on the fame Day, any Materials for repairing the laid Roads or any of them, or any other Road in the Parilhes, Hamlets, or Places in or through which the faid Roads or any of them do pafs, or in the Conveyance of any Lime, Dung, Soil, Manure, or Comped of any Kind, for the manuring of any Land, or in the ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or for any Ilotfe Cattle, Beall, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only not fold or intended for Sale, but paffing to be (lacked or laid upon the Lands or Grounds of the Owner or O a nets thereof, or in the Conveyance of any Hemp or Flax intended to be (lacked or laid up in the faid Parilhes, Hamlets, or Places, from the Lands on which fuch Hemp or Flax (hall have been grown, to the Place where it (hall be wretted, watered, or fpread, and from thence to the Place where the fame is intended to be fo Hacked or laid up as afore-faid, or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, employed in drawing any Plough, Harrow, or Implement of Hulbandry for the repairing thereof; or for any Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pafture, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Place for the walhing of Sheep, or foranyplorfe going to be or returning from being (hoed; or of the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands in any of the faid Parilhes, Hamlets, or Places in or through which the faid Roads (hall pafs, or their Servants going to or from their faid refpettive Lands, on the Bufmefs only of looking after fuch Lands, or the Stock or Crop upon the fame; or for any Waggons returning empty from any of the Fairs or Markets in TViJbecb Saint Peters afurefaid, on the fame Day on which fuch Fair or Market (hall be held ; or for any Horfe or other Bead haling or drawing any Boat, Barge or other Veffei, or any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Earth, Wood, or other Materials, for the making, maintaining, or repairing any Bank, or other Work of the Corporation of Bedford Level, or for any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage employed as afoiefaid ; or for any Horfe or other Bead employed in haling or drawing any Machine for deepening, roding, or cleanfing any River or Drain adjoining or near to any of the faid Roads, or for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, ridden by any Member, or by any Officer or Servant of the laid Corporation, when a&uajly employed in the Bufmefs of the faid Corporation; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed by the Commiffioners of Sewers for the Hundrrd ot Wijbccb and Pans adjacent, their Officers or Agents, as [Loc. Uf Per.']	u	A	~	well

921

With Power tor the Tr if. tees to reduce tile fame as to Oxen and Neat C-ttt.’e.

Form-r Ex-empnons from Tolls repealed.

O her Exemption granted.

47* GEORG 11 III. SefT. 2, Cap.$ 2.

well for the faid Purpofes as for the bearing, harrowing, cleanfing, and fcouring out any of their Rivers^or Drains within their Jurifdiftion, or from any Perfon refiding in any of the faid Parilhes, Hamlets, or Places, going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ■, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that fhall die and be buried in the Parifh where any fueh Perfon or PerfonS fhall refide ; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Miniderial Duty, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, oF whatfoever Defcription, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His Majedy's Podmafler General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Ex-preffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Paffes to their Place or Places of Settlement, or returning therefrom; or for any Horfe, Cattle, Bead or Carriage, carrying or conveying any Perfon cr Perfons going to or returning from any Eleftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the Countii s of Cambridge and Norfolk, or either of them, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleftion, or on the Two Days immediately before or on the Two Days immediately after fuch EleftiSn dial! begin or be concluded ; and that no Toll fhall be demanded Or taken for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Perfon or Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunic V Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons fhad be dreffed in the Uniform of their rcfpeftive Corps, and have their Arms Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforeiaid; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner, claim and tade the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; one Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft, and fhall and may be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as any other Penalty may by the faid former Acts or any of them be levied and recovered.

IX. And be it further enafted. That all and every the Powers and Authorities in the faid Aft palled in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hfs prefent Majedy, enabling the faid Trudees to divert, turn, or alter the Couri'e or Lath of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, fhall and may be ufed and exercifeJ tfor the Purpofe of widening any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, which it fhall or may be found necef-fary or expedient to widen ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Trudees, cr any Five or more of them, to Contraft and agree with the Owners of, or Perfons intereded in, any Lands or Hereditaments which may be wanted for the Purpofe of widening the laid Roads foe the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lofs

9*3

47° GE ORGII III. Se(T. i. Cap. 52.

or Damage fuch Owners or Perfons may fuftain by widening of any P-irt or Parts of fuch Roads, in fuch and the fame Manner, and under fuchand the fame Regulations and Reffriftions, as by the Paid lad-mentioned Ad the Paid Ttudees are authorized to purchafe or ufe Lands lor diverting, turning, or altering the Courfe or Path of the faid Roads.

X.	And whereas Part of the faid Road, extending along a certain Bank *75t«7to* called Wijbech Southfide Bark, is narrow and inconvenient for the Paffage pUrth»ie and cf Carriages $ and in order to make the fame of a proper Width, and ‘^'a‘1nown commodious for the Public, it is expedient that certain Mdfuages, Tene- Building ca ments, and Buildings Handing upon and adjoining near to the faid

Bank, mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule hereto annexed, Ihould B»nk\or be taken down, and the Sites thereof, and certain Land occupied there- wid«ninstb« with or adjoining thereto, in the faid Schedule alfo mentioned and def- Koad' cribed, fhould be laid into the faid Road ; be it therefore further enacted That the faid TruHees, or any Five or more of them, (hall have fuH Power and Authority to purchafe, pull down, remove, take, and make ufe of the IVeffuages and Buildings, Tenements, Land, and Hereditaments, deferibed in the faid Schedule, for the Purpofe of opening and widening the faid Road ; and that the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them as aforefaid, may make or caufe to be made the faid Improvement, in fuch Direftion and of fuch Dimenfions not exceeding Forty Feet in WTidth, and in fucli Manner as to them, or any Five or more of tlum, lhall appear molt proper and convenient.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either Mifn imers of the Premifes mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule hereunto annexed theExroatfon or any of the Perfons in whole Poffefiion or Occupation the fame or any of the Act. Part thereof are or is Hated or deferibed to be, or the Owner or Owners

thereof, fliali happen to be mifnamed or inaccurately deferibed, fuch Mifnomer or inaccurate Dcfcription fhal! not prevent or retard the TruHees in the Execution of this Aft ; but the fame Premifes, and every Part thereof, lhall and may be ufed, fold, conveyed, difpofed of, and applied to and tor the Purpcfes of this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame or any Part thereof were more particularly deferibed or named j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithHanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it lhall be lawful for any Bodies Coporatiom, Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, EcclefiaHical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate ot Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special Linds, &c. or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees, Executors, Adminiilrators, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other TruHees whatfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heiis and Succelfors, but alfo for and on Behalf of any infants, Wards, Femes

Covert, Cefiuique Trulls, Lunatics, Idiots, or other incapacitated Perfons, and to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who are or lhall be feifed or poffcffed of or interefled in any of the Meffuages,

Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Schedule, to contract and agree with the faid TruHees, for the Satisfaction to be made to or for any Lofs or Damage fuch Owners or Perfons may fuHain by widening, diverting, or turning the Courfe of fuch Road through the Ground on which the Meffuages and Buildings mentioned in the faid Schedule now Hand, or in or through any Land therein alfo

mentioned

924-	47*	GE0RG1I	III. Self. 2. Cap.$2.

mentioned and defcribed, and to fell and convey unto them, or an? Five or more of them, all or any of fuch MefTuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofes nforefaid ; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which fhall be fo made, (hall be valid to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding; and all fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclefiaffical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Admini-ftra ors. Guardians, Committees, Trufte.s, Femes Covert, Cefluque Trufts, and all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue of this Aft.

meV°n-Mle	XIII. And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Corporation or Per-

orV.com?'11 f°n> upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the pence in cafe Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon, caunot agree or r^e Pnnc'Pal Officer of fuch Corporation, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pofiefiion of the MefTuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments defcribed in the faid Schedule, fhall, for the Space of Ten Days next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negleft or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Ab-fence fhall be prevented from treating, then and in 'every fuch Cafe the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, fhall caufe fuch Damage and Reccmpence to be enquired into and afcertained by a Jury ot Twelve indifferent Men of the JJlc of Ely •, and in order thereto the faid Ttuftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from 'lime to Time as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before fuch Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon and Perfons whom-foever, who (hall be thought neceffary or proper to be examined concerning the Premifes, which Oath any one of the faid Truflees prefent is hereby empowered to adminifler j and they fhall, by ordering a View Or otherwife, ufe all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury fhall have enquired of, afcertained, and affeffed fuch Damage and Recompence they the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, fhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury, to be paid to the feveral Owners and other Perfons intereffed in the faid MefTuages, Buildings, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquifition of fuch Jury ; which faid Verdift, or Inquifition and Judgement, Order or Determination thereupon, fhall be final, binding, and condufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Peifons whomfoever claiming or to claim in Poffeffion, Reverfion, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well abfentas prefent, Infants,Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, Cefluique Trufts, and Perfons under any other Difabdity whatfoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Ecclefiaftital and Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever ; and all and every fuch Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and Perfons intereffed in fuch Mtffuages, Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments, fhall upon Payment, or T.nder of the Money fo afleffed as aforefaid, be thereby from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purpofes, divefted of all Right, Title, Claim, Intercft, or Property, of, in, and to Tmy how to the fame; and for fummoning and returning fuch Juries, the faid b«lummonflit. Truflees, or any Five or more of them, are hertby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Chief Bailiff of the Royal Franchife

of

925

47° GEORGII 111. Scil,2. Caf.52.

o( Ely, the Liberty of the Bilhop of E!y, commanding him to impannel furnmon, and return Twenty-four indifferent Per forts out of the Laid Ifle, qualified to iefve upon Juries, to appear before the laid Ttuflees, or any live or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or V\ arrants ihall be appointed ; and the faid Chief Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and aie hereby required to impanntil, lummon, and re* turn fuch Number of Perfons accordingly; and out of the Perfonsfo fummoned, impannelled, and returned, c.v eut of fuch of them as fhall appear upon tuch Summons, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (ball and they are hereby empowered and required to fwear or caufe to be fworn Twelve to be drawn by Ballot out of the laid Twenty four, and in Default of a fufEcient Number of Perfons fo impan-nelled, the laid Chief Bailiff or his Deputy (hall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend- that Se'V'ce, who {hall be l'worn in like Manner, until the Number of Twelve be completed, which Twelve Ihall be the Jury for the Purpole6 aforciaid; and all Perfons concerned fhall have their lawful Challenges agaiull any of the Lid Jurymen when they come to be fworn ; and the faid Truftees, or anv Five or mere of them, afting in the Premifes, (hall have Power from Time to Time to impole any reaibn-able Fine or Fines on the faid Chief Bailiff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premiles, and on any of the Perfons that Ihall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and ihall not appear, or that fhall refufe to-be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fworn (hall Telufe to give or fhall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and on any of'the Perl'ms who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury fhall refufe or neglect to appear, or appealing fhall refufe-to be-fworn and give Evidence, and from lime to Time to recover, levy, and apply the Fines, in the fame Manner as anv Fine tr Fines, Penalty or Forfeiture, is by the faid Acts or this Act authorized and directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, fo that no fuch Fme fhall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds oa any one Peifon for one Offence.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That all and every Sum and Sums of Money fo affeffed as aforefaid, is and are hereby charged upon the Monies which have bttn or fhall be raifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this A£l, and fhall be paid thereout by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of tnem, or their Treafurer, according to the Directions hereinafter contained, either into the Bank of England, or (as the Cafe may be) to the Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto or their Agents ; and if fuch Perfons or their Agents cannot be met with, or upon Tender of fuch Money fhall refufe to receive the fame, then and upon Payment thereof, or in cafe upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treafurer to the laid Ttuflees, for the Ufe of the refpeftive Perfons entitled thereto, and Notice thereof in Writing, frgned by any Three or more of the laid iruilees or their Treafurer, given to fuch Perfons, or left at theirtefpec-tive ufual Places ot Abode, fuch Mefluager, Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments fhall by the faid Truftees, their Surveyors or Workmen, be laid into and made Part of the faid Road, and Ihall, to ail Intents and Purpofcs, become and be a common Highway, and lor ever afterwards be deemed Part of the faid Road, and fhall be repaired and kept in repair in luch Manner as the old Road fo widened, altered, or turned [Ler. is* Per.]	n	B	was

HOW

is to be rajfti and paid.

926 '	47° GEORG 11 HI. SelT.2. Cdp.^i,

was and ought to have been kept in Repair ; and after the faid Road fhail have betn (o widened, improved, and made complete, the Land not wanted for making the faid Improvements, and the Lan i conflituting the former Road, or fuch Part thereof as fhail be ufelefs or unneceffary f>r the Purpofes of a publick or common Highway, fhail be vefled in, and fhail and may be fold by the faid Truffees, or any Five or more of them ,	for the befl Price that can be gotten for the fame ; and the Money urifing

by fitch Sale, fhail be applied to the Repai s of the faid Road, and other the Purpofes of this Aft; and the Conveyance to be made of iuch Land being executed by the mid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, and inrolfed by the Clerk of the Peace for the faid IJle of Ely (for the Inrol-ment whereof fuch Clerk of the Peace (hall not demand or receive any further or other Gratuity than the Sum of Two-pence per Folio) fhail be . good and etfeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

Owners of XV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Offer of Land ufe/"1* f*le ^urc^a^e °f anY °ld Road, or of any Land not wanted for the for maiinga Purpofes of this Aft, fhail be firfl made to the Owner of the adjoining thtfi 1° Land which fha.l be cut or ufed for the Putpole of widening, turning, oner of tiie or improving the laid Road ; and in cafe fuch Owner (ball be deftrous of becoming the Purchafer of fuch old Road or Land not wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft, and cannot agree with the faid Truffees for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the fame, and fuch Owner fhail be flill deftrous of becoming the Purchafer thereof, then and in fuch Cafe the Value thereof fhail be fettled and afeertained by a Jury, in fuch and trie like Manner as the Price for any Buildings and Land to be taken in purfuance of this Aft, is direfted to be fettled and afeertained in and by this Aft, and fuch Owner fhail be deemed the Pur-chafer thereof at the Sum to be afeertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in cafe fuch Owner fhail refufe to pay fuch Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treafurer to the faid Truflees, and f ender of the Conveyance of fuch old Road or Land not wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft, the fame fhail and may be recovered by the faid Truflees by Aftion of Debt, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJlcr ; and in cafe anv fuch Owner fhail not agree or fhail refufe to purchafe any fuch old Hoad, it fhail and may be lawful to and for any Ptrfon or Peifons (not interefled in the Premifes) to make an Affidavit, to be fworn before a Mafler Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefly's Juflices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where fuch old Road or Land not wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft (hall lie. Hating that fuch Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the faid Truflees, and that fuch Owner has not agreed, or has refufed to purchafe fuch old Road or Land as laft aforefaid (as the Cafe may be); and fuch Affidavit fhail, in all Courts whatfoever, be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refuled by fuch Owner : Provided neverchelefs, that if the Land of Two or more Perfons fhail be taken for the Purp'1-fes of this Aft, each and every fuch Owner (hall be entitled to the firfl Offer of fo much of the old Road as is become unneceffary, and as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land relpeftively in Manner aforefaid: Provided alfo, that if fuch Owner or Owners refpec-tively fhail be willing and confe»t to take fuch old Road in exchange for

?27

47® GEORG II III.' Scff.2i Cap.

any Buildings or Land taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, it flia'l and may be law fulto and for thefaidTruftees,and they are hereby required to adure rhe fame tofuch Perfon or Perfons, by entering the fame in their Boi ks, and delivering to him, her, or them, a Copy ot the Entry thereof, fiyned by anv Five or more of the laid Truftces, which Copy (hall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in anv Suit in Law or Equity : Provided always, that no Perfon (hall act as aTrufteein any Caie relating to the contrafting for or purchafmg of any of the Paid Mtffuage.% Buildings, Tenements, l ands, and Hereditaments, wherein he lhali be particularly concerned or interefted.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That in all Cafes where a Vetdift (hall be given for more Monies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Intereft, or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Meffuages, Buildings, Tenements, Land, or Hereditaments, or for any fuch Lofs or Damage, than what (hall have been previoufly agreed to or offered by ct on Behalf of the Paid Truftces, or any Five or more of them, before the fummoning and returning of the faid Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or Lois or Damage as alorefaid, or (or lefs Money than (hall be offered to be accepced or taken on Behalf of the faid Truftees, as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road or Land, not wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft as alorefaid, that then and in every fuch Cafe rhe Cofts and Charges of fummoning fuch Jury, and of taking fuch Inqueft, (hall be defrayed by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money already raifed or to be raifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts and this Acl; but if any Verdift or Affeffment (hall be given or made for no more or a lefs Sum than had been previoufly offered by or on Behalf of the (aid lruftees, or any Five or mere of rhem, before the fummoning and returning of rhe laid Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or Damage as aforefaid, or for the :ame or any more Money than (hall have been offered, to be accepted or taken as the purchafe Money for any fuch old Road or Land as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning fuch Jury and taking fuch Inquefts, (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees (hall have had fuch Con-troverfy or Difpute ; which faid Cofts and Expences (hall be afeertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace, not interefted in the Matter in queftion, and within whole Jurifdiftion fuch Controverfy or Difpute (hall arife (who is hereby authoriled and required to examine and fettle the fame) and thall and may be deducted out of the Money fo afltffed and adjudged, as fo mi ch Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon cr Perfons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies lhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sums fo afl'effed and adjudged or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid on Demand after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Treafurer or Cle k to the faid Truftei s, by fuch Ways and Means as are by the faid recited Acts, or either of them, provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred : Provided always, that in ail Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons (hail, by realon ot Abfence, have teen prevented fretn treating with the faid Truftees,

Tn’flee* in-

tuefted, Hot to enter info Contract for the r owl Premiers*

Bv wlio-n the E xpcrces of the Itiryare to be paid.

928

4 7° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 52.

tees, fach Cods and Charges (hall be borne and paid by the faid Truf' tees in Manner aforefaid.

P orl'cation o ' C- mpen fa-noney amounting to 200!.

XVII.	And be it farther enabled, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue ot the Powers of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Peifon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in the (aid recited Ads or this Ad particularly mentioned, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac-countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the Truftecs for executing the faid Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Dire don and with the Approbation of the (aid Court to be fignified by an Older made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchale of the Land Tax or in the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or luch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hall authorife to be paid affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith -to the fame or the like Ules, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fnall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and invef-ted, under the like Diredion and Approbation or the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpoles, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance or Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable ot taking effed ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall • be made, the faid Monies fliall, by order of the faid Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fliall be ordered by the faid Court to be Ibid for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, .fliall.from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Peifon or Perfons who wou'd for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application	XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacled. That if any -Money

than 1 oof	agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

and exceeding taments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belong-,tl-	ing	to	any	Corporation,	or	to	any Perfon or Perfons under Difability

or Incapacity as aforefaid, dial! be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option o! the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his,

6	her.

9-9

47° G E O R G11 III. Sett. 2. Cap. $2.

her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cnte of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their relpedlive Hands, be paid into the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforeliaid, in order to be applied in the Manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or other wife the lame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perkins makmg fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the 'lruttets tor executing the faid recited Acts and this Act, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in o'der that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends ariling thereon, may be applied in any Meaner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafebe applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

.. XIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where fuch Mo- *■£**£* nty fa agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (ball be ,haa 20I.

Icfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ule of the Perfon or i'erfons who would for the l ime being have been entitled to the Rests and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofis of the faid Ads and this Adi, in fuch Manner as the faid Trullees or any Five or more of them, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or therr Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit ,of fuch Ferfon or Perions fo entitled refpeftively.

XX.	And be it further en idled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to in c*/v ue _not whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded fi.r the Purcbafe of out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of ‘	’

the laid_recited Adis or tilts Act, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or (hill not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaction of the faid T.uftees.: or in cafe the Perfon or l’erlons to whom any fuch	,,o

Sum or Sums of Money thall be lo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, caii^be™ or if the Petfon or Ptrfous entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Here- tcund, dbameius, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it F C all and may be law ittl to and for the 'aid Trultees, or any Five or more m , to be cf them, to order the laid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as afore- rn mitoths i. id, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Ptivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, ro be placed to his A'ccount to the Credit of the Parties interested in the faid Lards, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defer ibing th:nf\ lubject to the Subject to tt:e Order, Coniroul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery; which Or.tcrpi'tU* fain Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Per I ns making Claim chancery to fuch Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, i:i a luminary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court (hall feetn meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the public!; Funds, and tc order Diltributiori thereof, or Payment of ihe Dividends thereof, according to the refpectire Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, cf the Perfon or Per-(ens making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch ot ;tr Order in the remifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and re»fouab!e; and the Li'lhter or Cafhiers of the Bank ci England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or [_Loc. £•? Per.]	11 C	Sum

93°

Reflecting •ii Touted

Couit of Chancery to direct the Payment of Dxpences.

peifon? chargeable to Statute Work to continue fc.

Jnflices to determine

Differences touching •Statute Work.

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.52.

Sams of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipt! for furh Sum or Stints of Money, mentioning and fpecitying for what nd for whofe U!e the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as ihall pay any Sum or Sums ot Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That where any Queflion Ihall arife touching the Title o' any Perl, n to any Money to be paid in'o the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gene* ral of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Interell in any Lands, Tenements, or Here-ttitainents to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interell of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who Ihall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons or under the Poffeflion offucb Perfon or Perfons, Ihall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary ihall be fhewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Interell of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unkfs it Ihall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Ellate or Interell therein.

t

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Dilability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, the purchafe Money for the fame Ihall be required to be paid into the faid Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid Afts or this Aft, it Ihall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expenccs of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the laid Afts or this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court Ihall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, who Ihall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpcfes as the faid Court Ihall direft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid Afts as relate to the Peiformance of Statute Labor on the faid Roads, Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that all Perfons who by Law are or Ihall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fltall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, Ihall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the laid IJle of Ely or County of Norfolk, within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Trultees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, by Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work Ihall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the

dJ	5	refpeftive

93i

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. &.

refpedHve Pariflies, Hamlets, or Places in which the faid Roads do lie and "ho what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh, Hamlet, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it fhall and may.be lawful to and for fuch Jullices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh, Hamlet, or Place, to bring in before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons, within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons, Lifts of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh, Hamlet, or Place, ate by Law lubjedf and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compenfation for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with 1 earns or Draughts, or odierwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedlive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names {hall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridtions, as is, are. or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Jufticrs fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads, as the faid Juftices fhall think reafon-able, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch '1 imes (not being Hay-Time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as ihe faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to l ime order, direft, and appoint ; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo ord r and direCf the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fufjedl and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a C. mpofnion for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the laid Juftices fhall think proper, to the laid Truftees or their lreafuier, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall diredt; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of ihe Goods and Chattels of the refpective Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Adis authorized or diredled to be recovered •, and each and every Perfon who fhall negledl or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid after Notice in Writing given to cr left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ulual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Bealts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubject or liable to by any W or Statute in Force or Effedt for the Repair of ihe publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be lent with any,Team or Draught to work on the laid Reads, fhall be founci idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fliali be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjedt and liable to the refpedlive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as it he had negiedted or refuled to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the (aid Reads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of ; ~ .	th

932	47°	GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 52.

the highways For any of the faid Pariffies, Hamlets, or Places, fhall refuie or wilful y negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or thill knowingly an wiiiultv give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor lo offending (hall I r every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. '	6

Tn it - m y XXIV. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to i sane	■3nd for tlie laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, at their firft

VVorkl	Meeting to be held after the palling of this Act, and at their General

Annual Meetings afterwards, but not otherwife, to compound and agree with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or anv of the Parilhes, Hamlets, or Places in which the faid Roads are firuate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or otherwife, as the faid Truftees fhall think reafonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the •laid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads, which Com-pofition Monies fhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Pariffi, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, on or befuie the Twenty-liinth Day of September in each and every Year.

For rrrver.t-. XXV. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, ftfthcRuadsJ without fuffident Caufe, leave any Waggon, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, or any Plough or Implement of Ilufbandry (except pnly ciuring fuch reafonable Time as fuch Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage fhall be loading or unloading) upon or on either Side of the faid Roads, he, file, or they fo offending in either of the Cafes aforefaid, fhall, on Conviction before any one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the I/ie of Ely oi County of Norfolk, within vvhofe jurifdidion fuch Offence or Offences fhall b- committed, on the Evidence of one or more credible Witiiefs or Witncffes forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Plough, or Implement of Ilufbantiry fo le't; and the laid Juftices for the faid Ifle of Ely and County of Norfolk, or any of them within their refpe&ive JurifdiCtions, are and is hereby required to take Cognizance of fuch feveral Offences, and to proceed to Conviction accordingly ; and on Non-payment of fuch Penalty, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and bale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, in fuch Manner as Diftrefles and Sales for Forfeitures and Penalties are by the faid former Ads or any of them authorized and direded to be made; and in cafe fufficie.nt Diltrcfs (bail not be found, or fuch Penalties fliali not be forthwith paid, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houfeof Correction for the b id Ifle or County, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and all reafonable Charges fhall be looner paid.

t- ,rfr XXVI. And whereas Part of the faid Roads which are made upon n-VnVoh " e (he Ba ki of the River Nine or Nen, and of the River running through H'«iY’7he *he Pari (lies of Otittuell, StowBardolph, and Down bam, have of late Years impound, been confiderably damaged and rendered dangerous and unfafe, by Perfons driving Catrle down die Banks of the faid Rivers to water, and alfo by Cattl (Laying ro the faid Rivers to drink ; be it therefore enacted. That from and after the palling of this Act, if any Horfe, Cow, Beaft

or

933

47° GEORGII III. SeR: 2. Cap. 52.

or other Cattle, (hall at any Timebe driven ot be found ftraying down the Banks of the faid Rivers, or otherwife trefpaffing on or damaging the Banks of the faid Rivers, upon or adjoining to which any Part ot the faid Roads are fituated, it thall be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more ot them, to feize and impound fuch Horfe, Cow, Beaff, or other Cattle, in the common Pound of the Parith or Place wheTe the fame thall be driven or be found ftraying, trefpalling, or doing Damage as aforefaid, or in fuch other Phce as the faid Truftees thall appoint, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof thall for each Horfe, Cow, Beaft, or other Cattle impounded, pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings to the Treafurer for the Time being of the faid Truftees, towards the Purpofes of this Aft, and alfo the Sum of One Shilling to the Perfon impounding the fame, beftdes the reafonable Charges and Expencrs of impounding and keeping the fame ; and in cafe the laid Sums, Charges, and Expsnces (hall not be paid within Seven Days after fuch impounding, it thall be lawful for the Pound Keeper, or fuch other Perfon as fhall be appointed by the faid Truftees for that Purpofe giving Seven Days previous Notice of the intended Sale to the Owner or Owners of fuch Horfe, Cow, Beaft, or other Cattle, or if the Owner or Owners thereof cannot be found, within Three Days after advertifing the fame in fome publick Newfpnpers ufually circulated in the Jle cf Ely and County of Norfolk, to fell or caufe the fame to be fold; and the Money ariftng from fuch Sale, after deaufting the faid Sums, and the Charges and Expences aforefaid, and of fuch Notice and Sale, (hall be paid to the faid Treafurer, to be by him paid to the Perfon whofe Property the Horfe, Cow, Bead,or other Cattle fo fold, fliall appear to have been or belonged.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That fo much and fuch Parts of continuing the faid recited Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent	r»

Majefty, as relate to Downbam Bridge, and the Exemptions from Toll ut Downturn thereby granted to the Inhabitants of Downham aforefaid, and the Pay- frora Ton at ments in lieu thereof, (hall be and the fame are hereby continued, for and Bodge.1"1 during the Term b\ this Aft granted.

XXVm. And whereas many Difputes have arifen with refpeft to the R sgu’ating Exemptions meant to be allowed by the faid recited Afts to the Inhabi- ^1'ejjutu.re tants of the faid Pariffi of Downbam ; In order therefore to prevent and to^iU^bit-* obviate ail fuch Difputes in future, be it fuither enafted, That the Inha- ar-t£0* bitants of the Pariffi of Downbam aforefaid (who for the Time being (hall occupy any MeiTuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, and in refpeft thereof, be alfefled to and pay towards the Rates and Affcifments made for the Repairs of the Highways in the faid Pariffi) their own Servants, Cattle and Carriages, and other Carriages carrying their own Goods only, upon Payment during the continuance of this Aft, of the Yearly Sum of Ten pounds, by the faid Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of his prefent Majefty directed to be paid by the Bridge-Reeves of Downbam Bridge to the faid Truftees, (hall and may at all Times pafs and repals through the lurnpike Gates within the faid Pariffi of Downbam, without paying any Toll lor palling and repaffing through the fame: Provided always, that no Perfon but a refident Houfeholder, a (felled as aforefaid, ihall rLer, is? Per.	it D	hereafter

934-

Inhabitants of Downturn not to bo exempt from Statute Duty

Claufe rejecting Mr. Ibbott's and 'Mr. Barley’s Securities.

47°GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.52.

Tiereafter be confidered or conftrued anlnhabitant of the faid Parilh entitled to the Privilege aforefaid, nor (hall the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Exemptions aforefaid be permitted to carry the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of any other Perfon or Perfons, not being a refident Houfeholder or refident Houfeholders, in the faid Parifh alfelfed as aforefaid, Toll-free through the faid Turnpike Gates; but fuch Perfon or Perions, fo carrying the fame, (hall be liable to pay the cultomaiy Tolls in the lame Manner as if they were carried by any Perfon or Perfons, not entitled to the Privilege or Exemption aforefaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of the Exemption aforefaid, not bting entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings One Moiety whereof (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof (ball be applied in fuch Manner as other Forfeitures and Penalties are by the faid recited Afts, or any of them, directed to be applied ; and the faid lad-mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties (hall be recovered and recoverable in fuch Manner as the faid other Forfeitures and Penalties are by the faid recited A£t of the Fifth Year of His prefenc Majedy directed ?o be recovered.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in the faid recited Ads, or any of rhem, or this Act contained, fhatt extend or be condrued to extend to exempt the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate in the faid Parilh oiDawn-ham, from Performance of Statute Work or Payment of Compofuion Money in lieu thereof.

XXX.	And whereas Eduard Adams and John Adams, late of March aforefaid, Gentlemen, both now deceafed, did fome Time fince lend and advance Three feveral Principal Sums of One hundred Pounds upon the Credit of the faid recited Acts, and the fame were fecured with Jntertd by Three feveral Indentures of Afiignment of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, which faid feveral Indentures of Affignment were marked or numbered to, it, and 12, and were rafpeftively dated on dr about the Tenth Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix : And whereas the faid feveral Indentures of Afiignment, and the feveral Sums of Money thereby fecured, are,by virtue of divers mefne Alignments and Afts in the Law, now vetted in John Ibbot, of March aforefaid, Efquire, and Daniel Barley of the lame Place, Gentleman, in equal undivided Moieties, as appears by the Entries of the faid original and mefrie Alignments in rhe Books belonging to the faid Truftees : And whereas the faid Three feveral Principal Sums of One hundred Pounds now remain due and owing, v/ith an Arrear of lnrerett, to them the faid John Ibbot and Daniel Barley in equal Moieties ps aforefaid but the faid Three fereral original Afiignments are loft or mifiaid ; be it therefore enacted. That the laid John Ibbot! and Daniel Barley, their Executors, Adminiltraton, and Aligns, (lull and may have fuch and the like Remedies for recover ing and enforcing Payment of the (aid Three feveral Principal Sums of 'One hundred Pounds, and the Inter eft due and to grow due for the iaine, .and fuch and the like Powers of aligning and transferring the laid Tolls

• and Duties, and the Principal Monies and Interest fecured by the faid 'Three feveral original Indentures cf Alignments, as they or either of them

might

935

47* GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. $2.

might or could have in cafe the faid original Alignments were in their or either of their Cullody or Pofllflion ; and that the faid John Ibbotl and Daniel Barley, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, (hall indemnify and lave haTmlefs the faid Truftees and every of them, their and every of their Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, and the Revenue of the faid Roads, of and from all and all Manner of Loffes, Charges, Claims, and Demands which can or may happen to them or any of them, by reafon of the Payment to them the faid John Ibbott and Daniel Barley, their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns of the faid Three fe-veral principal Sums of One hundred Pounds, or the Intereif of the fame or any Part thereof, without producing and delivering up the faid original Alignments, or any Transfer or Alignment made cr to be made of the Securities thereby granted.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Confervators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and fuch of the Owners for the Time being of certain Lands in Walderfea as have contributed to the Repairs of the Bank from Hamlyn’s Gull to Tower Houfe, and the Commilicners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech and Parts adjacent, fhall feverally, from and after the Expiration of the faid former Afts, and dming the Continuance of this Ad raife and pay the refpective Sums of Money following ; (videlicet) the faid Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, fhall pay or caufe to be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds; and the Owners for the Time being of fuch Lands in Walderfea, as have contr buted to the Repairs of the faid Bank, the Sum of Thirty Pounds; which ref-peftive Sums of Money fhall by the faid Truftees be applied towards the Support and Mai.ntainance of the faid Bank from Hamlyn’s Gull to Tower Houfe aforefaid, and to no other Purpofe whatfoever; and that the Com-miflioners of Sewers for the Time being lor the Hundred of Wisbech, and Parts adjacent, fhall annually raife and pay the Sum of Thirty Pounds, to be applied by the faid Truftees from Time to Time in fupporting the Bank cal ed The Soutbjide Bank ; and that the faid feveral and refpective Annual Sums of Money, hereby directed to be paid by the faid Governor, Bail ffs, and Commonalty, the Owners of the faid Lands in IValder fea, and the faid Coinmiflioners of Sewers respectively, fhall be in lieu and inftead of the Payments by the faid former Acts, or any of them, direfted to be made by them, and be ratfed, paid, and recoverable at fuch Times, and applied in fuch Manner, are mentioned in the laid Aft of the Seventh ear cf Hi ; prelent Majefty, concerning the feveral and refpeftive Annual Sums of Money thereby directed to be paid by them r fpeftively : Provided always, and be it further enafted, that nothing in the faid recited Ach, cr any of them, or this Aft contained, fhall extend or be conitrued to extend to exempt the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate on the South Side of Wisbech River, or in Walderfea, from Perrormance of Statute Work, or Payment of Compolition Money in lieu thereof.

XXXII.	And whereas by the faid Aft paffed in the Twenty-fixth Year cf His prefcnt Majeity's Reign, it is enacted. That the faid Truitees Ihould and might, and they were bv the laid now reciting Act reauired Yearly and every 1 ear, after the Expiration ot Five Years from the palling of the faid la lb-mentioned Act, by and out of the Tolis, to deduct and fet

apart

Certain Coi* trunnions to be made to-w:rds the Repairs of the Wilder** fea and Southfide Banks.

For paying off innuaLf 150I. of the principal Monies due on Mortgage.

47* GEORGII III. SciT.2.	Cap.42.

apart the Annual Sum of One hundred end twenty-five Pounds at leaft to be applied for and towards Payment of the Principal Monies borrowed under the laid Aft, in fuch Manner as in the faid now reciting Aft is mentioned : And whereas it is expedient that fo much of the laid laft-mentioned Aft as relates to the paying olf the faid Sum of One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds annually, in part of the faid Principal Monies, fhould be repealed, and that fuch Sum of Money as will be a I'ufficient Compofnion to pay for Three Shares of Fifty Founds each in every Year, during the continuance of this Aft, of the Principal Money no.;v due on the Credit of the Tolls, (hould be fet apart for that Purpole, and be applied in the Manner herein-after directed ; be it therefoie further enafted, That fo much of the faid laft-mentioned Aft as requires the faid Truftees to deduft and fet apart the annual Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds, for the Purpofes of paying off luch Principal Money as aforefaid, fhall be and the lame is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the Expiration of the firft Year from the palling of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby required, to pay out of the Monies to be collected by virtue of this and the faid recited Afts fuch Sum and Sums of Money as may be agreed to be accepted by any Perlon or Perfons, being Creditors on the faid Tolls, as a Com-pofirion and Satisfaction of his, her, or their Share of Fifty Pounds; according to the Stipulation after-mentioned j (that is to fay) the faid Truftees ihall Twenty-one Days at ieaft before the General Meeting in each and every' Year, caufe publick Notice to be given in fonie one or more Newfpaper or Newfpapers circulated in the Counties of Cambridge, Norfolk, and Lincoln, that a Compofition will be paid for Three Shares of Fifty Pounds each to fuch Creditor or Creditors of the faid Tolls, as fhall Be willing to accept the fmallelt Compofition for his, her, or their Share or Shares, and requiring fuch Creditors to iranftnit Propofais in Writing fealed up to the Truftees at the faid Meeting, fpecifying therein the lowelt Rate per Centum which fuch Creditor or Creditors will accept and take for each and every Share of Fifty Pounds, not exceeding Three which he, (he, or they may have due and owing on the faid l olls (which faid Propofais (hall as Icon after the Hour of Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day of the faid Meet Ihg as convenient, be publickly opened by the Clerk to the Truftees at the laid Meeting); and the Creditor or Creditors, wnofe Propofais (hail fpecify the loweft Rate per Centum which he, Ihe, or they will accept and take for all or any of the faid Shares of Fifty Pounds intended to be paid off, (hall have the Preference, and be paid fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he, lhe, or they may be willing to accept for the fame, by the Trealurer to the faid Truftees, at the Expiration of one Calendar Month next after fuch1 Meeting, with all Intereft then due for the fame; and if Two or more of the faid Creditors (hall deliver in Propofais at the fame Meeting, for accepting a Compofition for any foeh £>iiare or Shares at an equal Rate per Centum, then and in fuch Cafe,if (halt be forthwith determined by Lot, to be fairly drawn by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, to which of the faid Creditors Preference (hall be given in Payment of fuch Compcfitlon or Compofitions, and the Creditor or Creditors having the calling Lot fhall be paid his, her, or their Compofnion, at the Time and in manner herein-before mentioned ; but if there (hall not be any Propofais delivered in at the faid Annual Meetings, or any of them, by any of the Creditors for accepting any fuch Compofition as aforefaid, "for hig her, or their Share or Shares,

937

47® GEORGII IM. Ecu. i. Cup.yp.

to the Amount of One hundred and fifty Pounds,; at a lefs Rato th'.n the full Amount of the Principal Monies due to him,- her, or them, gp. the faid lolls, then and in fuch Cale, but tiot -oditurwiic, the Mode, by Lottery preferibed in the faid Atf of the 1 wenty-iixib i t ar < f his j>re-fent Majefty’s Keign lhall be adopted by the laid ! riilfees, tor paying the Suin of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds recording to the Directions of the faid Iafl-mentioned Aft, or luch Pait thereof lor which noPropolals (hall be made as aforeiaid.

XXXIII And whereas by the faid ACt of the Twenty-fixth Yr?r of the Reign of ITis prefent Majellv, after reciting, that by the laid Ad. of the Fifih Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeity, it was enabled, That William Grant and Sarah his Wife fhould by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, grant and demife certain preferiptive Payments or Toll-, taken by them for the Paflage ot Horfes, Cattle, and Carriages, through a Bar or Toll Gate fet up at Chatteris Ferry, adjoining to or communicating with the Road intended to be repaired by the faid Ad, and alfo the Toll Houfe and Toll Gate belonging to them, and the Scite, Ground, and Soil of the lame, with the Appurtenances, to the faid Truftees, at the yearly Rent, and fubjed to the Agreement in the faid Ad fpecified ; and alfo reciting, that Thomas Grant Fanner, was then entitled to the faid Tolls, Duties, Toll Houfe and Toll Gate, Scitr, Ground, and Soil thereof, with the Appurtenances, fubjed to theaforeiaid Leafe, and had agreed to de-mife the lame, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, for the Purpofes of the now reciting Ad, upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, it is enaded. That it Ihould be lawful for the faid Thomas Grant, and he was thereby required at any Time after the palling ot the now reciting Act to deraile the aforefaid Tolls'and Premifes to the Truftees during the Continuance of the now reciting Ad, upon the Terms and Conditions therein exprelled: And whereas the faid Thomas Grant is now entitled to the faid Tolls and Premifes, fubjed to a certain Leafe granted thereof in purfuance of the faid fall recited Ad, and has agreed to demife, affign and make over the fame, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, for the Purpoles of this prefi nt Ad, upon the Terms and Cond'uions hereinafter mentioned : Be it therefore further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Thomas Grant, or his Heirs, and he and they is and are hereby requited at any Time after the palling of this Ad, by Indenture under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to grant, demife, leafe, allign, or make over the faid Tolls, Toll Houfe, Toll Gate, and Scite, Soil, Ground, and Premifes, with the Appurtenances, to the faid Tiuf-tees, to be held and enjoyed by them from and after the Expiration of the Hid recited Ad of the Twentv-fixth Year of His prefent Maielty, for and during the Continuance of this prefent Ad, at and under the yearly F-ent of One hundred and fixty Pounds, payable in like Manner, and under the like Covenants, Provifoes, and Agreements, as are mentioned and contained in the faid recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeity, of and concerning the Leafe or Demife thereby directed to be granted by the laid William Grant and Sarah his Wife.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and palling of this Act, together with lawful Intereit for all Money which lhall be advanced from Time to lime for that Putpofe, lhall be paid out of any Money already raifed by \_Loc. lit Per.']	n	E	virtue

F'-r renewal of ti e L< afe

from Mr. Grant of Crrittw 9 ferry.

For paying tic Exp** net % of the Ad*

93§

Publick Act.

Commencement and Contimi incc of this Act

♦

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 52.

virtue of the faid recited Acts, or out of the firlt Monies which (hall be raifed or borrowed upon the Credit of the faid recited Acts and this Act in preference to all ocher Payments v.hatfoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be deemed and taken to be a Pu hek Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid recited Acts (fub-ject to the Alterations, Add tions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act, {hall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the faid recited Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

sdj	be	L'tsY	Tl-	’	-	"T

.Jbafi «t,‘! IQ /ini'., /!■	■	'	•	J-	•	'*’*	'■

isnjju.8 k> 'iv.q

srit	1o tp l it 3tf) O'	
	>d miiT/lonoi -yd)	n, {■ .. •••*'. j
gain	bn.Y but fj&butl	
	Jisdofl W'x. {• ni	, . v, ;.i - t q
irnii	flvi doL uifel. dh* nh tq xn	
	7/ , uru/r-	t - 111. ,f1 /1! j. 10 -
arij	gmiiiobj^ybvj;) ,bj,.Y	
	Amtell ■■nurfJ isij 1#; ;ji	Mi- 1. rJ .tdieofs
,,r		
hi . .j		- *.l, to ?
		,,u '"cC jinan

■' :nM<tvk bn: \

The

*■

47° GEORGII III. Self. 2.( Cap. 52.	939

'	• • :	Jhil tdi 1; j 10 ^JjA lutnoi lafil aril lo suJiiv

a nit bo*	ls;oai bit.1 stij lo liboiO axil noqu Lwoiroci to bsliti

sin^I i>. 10 lie oi siAjarobrq id

The SCHEDULE to which this Aci refers.

' ‘«i •'	-	r	-	rLio	i _	,«	il#	»d

•	•	■	I	!

On and adjoining to the Bank called Wifbech Southfide Bank:

: j'“	..' ; -	.	-	.	;	,...	*	rv	.	*

A Stable or Hovel near the South Side Bar, (landing on Land bea longing to Dame Ma'y Eire, in the Occupation of James Delew.

Two Cottages or Tenements, and Gardens adjoining, leverally belonging to the faid Dame Mary Eyre and the Reverend Anthony Reynolds,

Clerk, in Tenure of V\ idow Scorah and others.

A Mefluage, Barn, Out-buildings, and Farm Yard adjoining, the Property of the faid Dame Mary Eyre, in the Occupation of Peter Beck.

A Cottage or Tenement, and Garden thereto belonging, the Property of John Johnfon and Mary his Wife, or one of them, in Tenure of Thomas Newman or his Undertenant.

A Stable or Hovel, and Land adjoining, ■ the Property of Samuel Roope, and in his own Occupation.

A Barn, Hovel, and Farm Yard belonging to the Truflees of the late Mrs. Elizabeth Wright’s Charity, in the Occupation of William Beales.

A Mefluage or Farm Houfe, Barn, Buildings, and Yard adjoining the Property of the faid Dame Mary Eyre, in Tenure of Robert Newlham.

A Cottage or Tenement, the Property of the (aid John JohYon and Mary his Wife, or one of them, in Tenure of William Beales.

A Mefluage or Farm Houfe, Barn, Yard, and Garden adjoining, the Property of Charles Metcalfe, in Tenure of the Widow Barker.

A Mefluage, Cottage or Farm Houle, Barn, Buildings, and Yard adjoining, the Property of the Reverend Bartholomew Edwards, in Tenure of Charles Chequer.

A Cottage or Tenement, Outbuildings, and Yard or Garden adjoining, late the Property of Alexander Wilkin fen, in Tenure of William Scoular.

A Mefluage or Farm Houfe, Cottage, Barns, Stables, and other Buildings, Yards, and Garuen thereto adjoining, late the Property of George Compiene, and now of Robert Reynold! •, andir. the Occupation of the faid George Compigne and Robert Reynoldfon, or one of them, their or one ot th-ir Undertenants or Undertenant.

Such Parts of Three feveral Cottages or Tenements, with Hovels or Buddings, Yards or Gardens thereto adjoining, now in the levcral Occupations of JohnPtaifon, Robert Ilett, and the Widow ioewitt, or their Undertenants, as are the Property ot the faid John Pearion, and of John Swinton, and the Widow Hew.t;, refpectively*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Exce.lent Majefty. 1807.

;	3	:	->1



ha&*X





■

-

. *t Vv!i.:'i ill .1. <!!]

i.'.J (5fli,!

.ill



uiUflsi US .iii ... ■ AT.iu. ,.i	s	.	;

. i iti , ’ i/i Lna rs (• I . 'o .'fy

, '	V	C*	-	•.	*

■

:	1 •	i	•	;:t	I	»■*	-	"•■•••/;	A

• »' J>-S	i‘-	'	Cl	o'	.'Iaj&

i n. .. . :i .	.T	•.	•	•	•

.

m^'Q*	-Sdi	ati.i;	»/|oj	laa-	ayiyai	<vf	£>£	u.£

ori/.^tfi-rr; ' *y1Tv‘\f' fr‘ iV.; !	7'	*.:

.Ww "j > Ui'VirMjtoi^'yitJ” » '}•»«mt-ii

VtV:4^^ '*i W *'rli • -if. •* ••	<»;•

[ ^06 5	iWi'	) .

V	'<	m4Y.‘	1»:	'A	/is	j+.iifi	v ^ /

m *“ It *> t »i	<(.im	1	)	f | •

,ntw ! »»	j	‘lW	* ■ «/• K *•'• ><»■•.< tr ot . * *,•**	•	•T.fjM;

iav'A' <«»A	1	*«<	»''r» f:il/i< . tv i I	> ’* **

;■ m	.ft;	:;-l	i.rft	!i	r!	«.	/.	»

■ -	-

i<3	:	4».	■’ ur	it;	1- 't/

^	*.! »l	3<1»	i	J	01 5»‘‘.	t ff.A • TI'.T ic 5B1 -T *<•'

,	.	;	r<	S	• f 03	*'f /r • '/toH :bf. **yt

,	&rf	bSf.&UTOi or.* -	•

j t. -y » .••■;	.	•	•	~	..	’

** -ssIjw ,n*q9fl .3:	i>P* , '■-■■■■'.. ,S3-if .tji’jnwn* »!T*pTrj

.

«WlJ	1*	^ V

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SeflT 2.

•««•***************************#w*********************

Cap. 53.

An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two A As, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Roads from Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth in the fame County.

[1 ViAuguJl 1807.]

W'HERE AS an Aft was paffed in the Third Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adij or amending and widening 3 G 3 c jW the Reads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the fame County ’ And whereas jjG-j, c.114; an Aft was puffed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His laid Majrfty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft made in the Tnird Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for amending and widen ng the Roads from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the C 'Unty of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the fame County : And whereas the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid Afts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpofe they have borrowed confideraole Sums ot Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by thefaid Afts, which (fill remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term cranted and continued bv the-faid Afts is revived and further con-[£».&?*-.]	11	F	' turned.

942

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 53.

tinued, and fome of the Powers and Provifnm thereof altered, amended, and enlarged ; and it is neceffary that the Tolls granted by the faid laft mentioned Adt fhould be inertafed : May it thereforepleafe your Majefty that it m^y • he-NjaQrd; 'and be it enadted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lo-d> Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament aflembled, and by Tire raid Arts the Autl&rity of the fame. That the faid Adis pafll-d in the Fouith and tinuedhCCn" Twenty4»fih Years of the Reign of His faid prelcnt Majefty ; and all and every the Gtaulcs, Power., Auth-rrities, PtoviGons, Regulations, Renal-ties, Fo'fcitures, Matters, and Things therein icfpedlively contained, and which where in force immediately before the Expi ation of the faid Term (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo except fo much and 4ueh Part or Parts thereof as are by this Adi repealed) fhail be and the fame are hereby declared to be revived and in full Force and Effect^ and fhail continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed fot an^during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and cftedtually, to aiJ’ JrttenttandPur^ofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the B idy of this Adi, but fubjedt nevcrthelefs to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (hall commence and take Effedt from the paffing of rhis Adi; and this Adi, and the Additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, fhail be fubjedt and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the faid ftdts, or on the Credit of ihe Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the feveral Gates or Turnpikes now ertbted or hereafter to be erected on the faid Roads, as alfo to the Payment of all Sums .	of Money which fhail hereafter be borrowed for the Purpofes of this Adt,

and of the Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpedtively-

Additirn .1 Tiuttees.

• A£i« alid, dcinni-he

t8 for

• IE And be ir further.enadted. That LivingJlon Bcotb Cterk, James Bull the- younger, Edward Ccode the younger, Ralph Allen Daniel, Francis Enys, John JFnys, George Croker Fox, George Croker Fox the younger, Robert iFire FSx, Robert iVcre Fox junior, George Fox, George Fox junior, Thomas iFdte F,ox, ^Edward Groat kin of Kelliou, Davies Giddy, John Gould the younger, John Francis Howell Clerk, Thomas Kevill, James Kevill Qleik, Charles Lemon, Stephen Luke, James Moor, Samuel Vincent Pryce, JohS\ Rogers Clerku-Hugh Rogers Clerk, Jo/fph Richards Clerk, John Richards Clerk, IVUliam Richards, Charles Rajhleigb, William Reynolds, Edward' IVUlsimSuukhoufe, John Stona the younger, John Trev an: on, Rurneli Bettejivort'o Trevanion, John Herle Txemayne, San.uel Trege'lles, Samuel Trigelles the younger, James Vivian Tippet, Charles Edward Tip-. pet, StsphenDJitcke, John Williams, John V/illtam junior, Michael Williams, Paul IViltam, and Wilhan: V/arrni, qualified in the Manner directed by the fatclftTit recited Act, fhail be uddc I to and joined with the Truftees appointed by or in.purfuance of the faid recited Acts, for putting the fame into Execution <, anc the Truftees herein nominated and their Succeffor* ato hereby empowered to adt in the Execution thereof, and of this Adt, awfully and eftedlually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been appointed Truftees by-the faid recited Acts, j:	i	*

r/IUfc Aodl.be it further enabled and declared. That all Adts, Matters, aod’Thihgs, .which, fince-the Expiration of the Term of the faid recited Adts* have been done by the Truftees for executing the faid Ads, or anji of the®, or by any Colledtor of the Tolls, or ocher Officer or Perlbn 14.	adling

943

47° GEORGII III. Seft.2. Cty.53.

aiding under them, touching or in anywife relating to the amending, widening, or repairing the laid Roads, or in the Exercife orfuppofed Exer-cifc of any ot the Powers or Provifions contained in the faid Ads, (hall be as good, valid, and effedual, to all Intents and Purpofcs, as if the Term of the faid recited Ads had not expired ; and that the faid Truftees, and alfo the feveral Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Per-fons employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having aded in the Colledion or Receipt of the faid Tolls, or otherwife relating to the faid Roads, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purpofcs, as thev would have been if the faid Ads had remained in full Force and Effed.

IV.	And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the faid Ads have been found infufficienc; be it therefore enaded, That from and after the Third Monday next after the paffing of this Ad, the faid Tolls (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that inftead thereof there (hall be demanded and taken, before any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage (hall be permirttd to pafs through any Gate or Turnpike now ereded or hereafter to be ereded on the faid Roads, or on any Part thereof, fuch Tolls as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them fhall from Time to Time appoint, no: exceeding the feveral and refpedive Sums herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay),

For every Iiorfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, (except Oxen),

drawing any Carriage, tfie Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny •

For every Chaife, Gig, or other Carriage of the like Drfcription, drawn by a fTgle Horfe, the Sum of Sixpence ; and if drawn by Two Horfes Nine-pence:	,

For every Yoke of Oxen drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, laden or unladen j and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-ptrce Halfpenny per Score ; and fo in Proportion tor any greater cr left Number.

Which faid feveral and refpective Tolls hereby granted (hall be and the fame are hereby vefted in the Truftees for executing the faid Acts and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof ftiall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, afligned, leflened, varied, and dilpoled of, in fuch and the fame Manner, and by fuch and the fame Ways and M ans, and with Lch. Powers, Provifions, Remedies, and Reftridions, as are contained in the faid Ads refpeding the Tolls thereby or by either of them authorized to be taken.

V.	A-’d be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees (hall and may and they are he ebv authorized and empowered to caufe to be demanded and taken at all and every the faid Gates and Turnpikes, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the preceding Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next fucceediog Sunday Night) Double the Tolls which (hall for the Time being be authorized

to

For repealing former T' lls and granting new ones.

ToUs,

Truftees emr powered to take a Sunday's TolU

944

Truftee* to ▼ary the Toils.

Tickets at certain Gate* tot>e exempt at other*.

Carri?ges having Wheels, the Fellies whereof (hail deviate more than Half an Inch from a Flat Surface (hall not he drawn w.th a greater Number of Kojfes than are allowed by the General A& to Carriages having Wh els lets than Six Inches broad.

47° GEORGII III. SeT 2. Cap.53.

to be collefted on any other Day, under or by virtue of the faid Afts or of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to reduce, vary, or alter all or any or either of the fcveral Tolls atorefaid, as they (hall think proper and fee Occafion, and to railethe lame again, provided they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls granted by this Act, and pro-vided fuch Reduction be with the Confent of Five-Sixth Parts in Value of the fcveral Perfons who Ihall have advanced any Money on the Credit of fuch Tolls.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That a Ticket at Terrill’s Gate (hall exempt bom Toll Cattle and Carriages parting through Comfort, Pengreep, and IVater Gate, on the fame Day; and io lilcewife a Ticket at IVater Gate Ihall exempt from Toll Cattle and Carriages palling through Terrill’s, Comfort, and Pengreep Gate ; and alfo a Ticket at Comfort Gate Ihall exempt from Toll Cattle and Carriages palling through IVater Gate, Merrill’s Gate, and Pengreep Gate on the lame Day ; and lo hkcwilc a Ticket at Pengreep Gate Ihall exempt from Toll'Caule and Carnages parting through Terrill’s Gate, IVater Gate, and Comfort Gate, on the lame Day; and that Horfcs or Mules, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages having parted every or any Toll Gate erected or to be erected, upon the laid Ro*d, and returning laden with other Goods or PalTengers in the fame Day, Ihall pay Toll again.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Twenfy-

ninth Day of September next after the parting of this Aft, no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage (except fuch as (hall be entitled to the Benefit of the Exemptions hereinafter contained) having any Wheel the Tire upon the Sole or Bottom of the Felly whereof, or having any Drag, or Thing ufed as a Drag, the Sole or Bottom whereof Ihall de viate refpeftively more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, or although it Ihould not deviate more than Half an Inch therefrom (hall not rife as nearly as may be with an equal and regular Gradation from the Edges thereof to the Centre, Ihall pal's or be drawn on any of the faid Roads with a greater Number of Horfes than are allowed to Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other fuch Carriages refpeftively, having the Soieor Bottom of tfie Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lef- Breadth than Six Inches, by an Aft parted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majerty, intituled. An API to explain, amend, and reduce into One API of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Pari of Great Britain called England, and for other Pur-pofes ; and the Owner and Driver of every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (hall, from and after the faid Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the parting of this Aft, for every Offence againft the Provifions aforefaid, be refpeftively tubjeft to the feveral Penalties impofed by the faid Aft on the Owner or Driver refpeftively of Carriages drawn by more than the Number of Horfcs therein limited to fuch Cani3gcs refpeftively ; which faid Penalties (hall and may be recovered in the lame Manner and under the fame Reftriftions and Limitations as the Penalties impofed by the faid Aft may be recovered.

ir; And

47° GE0RG1I III. Seff.2. Cap. 53:	9+5

IX.	And be it further enafted, That no Tell fhall be demanded or Exemption*, received for any Hoile, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Caniage going for, or teturning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any Road or Highway, or in the Carriage of any Dung, Mould, Soil, Salt,

Sand, or Cun poll of any Kind for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground ; nor fhall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle that fhail be ufed or employed in the ploughing, fowing, tilling, cr cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going tor or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Out-houfes, Yards, or on the Premifcs of the Owner cr Owners thereof; nor for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Hufbandry ; cr for any Hoife or other Bead or Cattle drawing or cairying the fame, in order for the repairing thereof, or ul'ng the fame in Hufbandry; ot for any Horfe or ether Beafl or Cattle going to or returning from Wa-er or Paflure, or going to be or returning from being fhced or farried, which fhall not in fo going or returning pafs upon any of the faid Roads for more than the Space of Two Milrs ; cr for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatfoever Dercription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefics under the Authority of His Majcfly’s Pi.ftmafter Geneial, either when employed in conveying, fetching, cr guarding the lame, or in returning bark frcin conveying the fame■, cr for the Horlcs of Soldiers on their March cr on Duty, or Carriages, or H >rfes or other Beafls employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of f ich Soldiers ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or GJding fumifhed by or for ar.y Ptrfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or leturning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Ekercif^ provided fuch Pcrfonsare in the Uniform of their refprefive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpetiively at the Time cf claiming fuch Exempt on , or for any Carriage, H irfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance cf Vagrants , travelling with hgal Pufies; nor fhall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Paiilh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth lie, who fhall pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpective Parilh Church,

Chapei, or other Place of religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Chr '-Jimas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who (hall attend the Funeral of any Pctfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning f om vifiting any fick Perfon, cr upon other his parochial or miniftcria! Duty on a Sunday, or on Ckrijlmas Day, Good Friday, or on any other Day on which Divine S:rvicc is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor (ball any Toll be demanded cr taken for or in refpedl of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any Paflenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Beilin, Chariot,

Calafb, or Chair, going to or returning from any Eledion of a Knighc or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Cornwall, on the Day or Days of fuch Eledion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledion (hall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon lhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaia, not being entitled to the fame, or (ball make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the faid Toils, or any Part thereof, lhall be [Hoc. (*? Per.~\	ix	G	evaded.

Collect era of Tolls, &c. to l>e competent Witneffes.

Mortgagees taking Foflef-fJon of Gates to account with the other Mortgagees.

TrnfUes may fueandPefue^ iu the Name of thtir Cltik or Treafurer.

Directing the Application of the Money paid for Com-penfatlcn for Lands, ice. when amounting to or ex-cteding aool.

47® GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap. sp

evaded, every fuch Perfon fhall, fer every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedin'! Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety (liall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Abb and of this Abf.

X.	And be it funher enabled, That in cafe any Difpure, Suit, or Litigation fhall srife touching or in any wife relating to the Toils by the fa d recited Ablor this i\bt authorized to be collected, or any of them, the Pcrfon or Perlbns appointed to collebt the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons siting by or uuiler the Authority of the laid Truflees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Diipute, Suit, or Litigation, by rtafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to coilebt the faid l olls, or ailing under the Authority of the hid Truftees.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Creditor (hall recover or get PofLfiion of any of .the Toll Gates, and TollsJ to be collected by virtue of the laid former Acts or this Acr, he fhall oe deemed a Truftec for the Benefit of Himfelf and all the R<-ftof the Creditors in equal Degree, and dial! account for and pay all the Monies he fhall fo receive among all the Creditors, or to fuch of them as are willing to receive the fame, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money advanced by them refpectively upon the Credit of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truffees may fue and be fued in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or againft the faid Truftees, or any of them, by virtoe rr on account of the faid Acts or of this Acr, in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer, fhall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk or Treafuier, or by the Act of fuel: Clerk or Treafurer, without the Cmlcnt of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of then), but the Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being to the faid Truftees fhall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Action, as the Cate fhall be : Provided always, that every fuch Clerk or Treafurer in wbofc Name any Action or Suit fhall be commenced, profecutecl, or defended, in purfuance of the faid Acts or of this Act, fhall always be reimburfed and paid out of the Monies to arile by virtue of the faid Acts and this Act, ail fuch Cults, Charges, Damages, and Elxpences, as by the Event or any fuch Proceedings he fhall be put unto or become chargeable with by reaibn of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Money fhall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed. taken, cr ufeci, by virtue of the Powers of the faid Acts, or either of them, and this Act, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any D.fability or Incapacity, as in the Lid firfl recited Act particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhrll, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Genera! of tlie High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex -parte tbeTruflcrs for executing the faid Acts and this Acr, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a

Petition

947

47° GEORG!I III. Seff.2. Cap. 53.

Peti:ion to be preferred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfort* who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dilcharge of any Dcbr or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing feulcd therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, the fame lhall be laid out and invefted under the like Direction and Approbation of the Lid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled, to, for, and upon fuch and the like TJles, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchaled, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ftood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the laid Money lhall by order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime and until the laid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by rhe faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities lhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Tirr.e being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land?, Test men s, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchaftd, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money When left

fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur- than *°°hand chafed, taken, or uftd for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging ex:ced‘ns lo1* to any Corporation, or to’ artv Perfon or Perfons under any Difabilicy or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafe? the fame fliall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, or Hereditament, to purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Wridngunder their refpective Hands, be paid imo the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before di-reded, or otherwise the fame fiiall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends ariling thereon may be applied in any Manner herdn-before di-reded, fo far a? the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Ditedion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where fuch Money, When left fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, lhall be lefs tlui1»»*•

than



Ivi cafe of not making out Titles j

or if Perfons

cannot be found, pur-chafe Money to he paid into the Bank }

fubject to the Order ot the Court of Chancei y on Motion or Petition.

47° Gf?ORGfl lit. Self.2. Cap.S3-

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ul'td ot the Perlon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of the Paid Acts and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Trultees, or any f ive or more of them, (hall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of fuch Perlon or Pfeifons lo entitled refpeftively.

XVI.	And be it further crafted. That in ca'e the Perfon or Perfons to

whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaied by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfadi mof the faid Truliecs, or any Five or more of them, or in cafe luch Perlon or Perfons to whom luch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or ciifcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Monry fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ot the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intererted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [deferibing them] fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery , which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to luch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Prcc eding, or otherwife as to the fame Court fhr.il feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Fund', and to order Diftributicn thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Jntertft, of the Perlon or Pc<f ,ns making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reaf mable ; and the Cafhirr or Cafhiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ul'e the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

. Upon ary	XVII. And be it further enabled, That where any Queftion fhall arife

Title to\°e	touching the Title of any Peifon to any Money to be paid into the Bank

Money Co to °f England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General !onsU?ea?n" ^ ^ourt Chancery, in purfuance of the faid Afts, or either of VofTeffion t" them, or this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Heretic deemed	dilaments, to be purchaLd in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Ar.-

the Money.	nuities to be purchaied with fuch Monies, or to the Dividends or Intereft of

any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon ot Perfons who fhall have been inPoflcf-fionof the Lands. Tenements,or Hereditaments, at theTimeoffuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed anti taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments*

949

47ftGEORGII III. Sell. 2. Ca^.53.

diraments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the S tisfaftion ot the (aid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of fuch Bank Annuities to be purchafed with luch Money, and alio the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpo ed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Pcffelfion was a wrongful PoflTeflion, and that feme other Perfon or Perfons was or \ycre lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein,

XVIII.	Piovided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Thefmerrea Reafon' of any Disability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Cor- fonaeir Ex-portion entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be piirchafed by the faid Truftees under the Authority of the laid Acts or p.Td'by the' this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame, (hall be required to be paid Truftcet. into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ules in purfuance

of thiS Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Puahafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this or the faid Afts, or fo much of fuch Expences as the laid Court (hall deem reafonable, together wich the neceflary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch O der, to be paid by the faid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, wl;o (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch PurpoFs, as the faid Court (hall direct.

XIX.	And be it enafted. That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall perr -s be liable to do Statute Work, or are or (hall be chargeable towards re- ch.r.cible pairing and amending the Roads by the faid Acts or either of them \v0ik to'con-direfted to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, hail tiauc to. dill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore ; and it (lull and J at c s 10 may be lawful to and for any Two or mare Julliccs of the Peace for the j*

faid County of Ciriftpall, and they are hereby required and empowered, to.ithinc sta. upon Application made to them by the faid Truftee', or by their Clerk luteWotk. or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Parc or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refprft ve Parilhes or Piaces in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion or the Monty received the Sui'veyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Comcofition tor fuen Statute Wotk as afore-faid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurcr; and in order thereunto it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways f:r every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftce*, at fome Place to be exprefted in fuch Summons (within Ten Davs atrer the ferving of fuch Summons}, ot the Names of the feveral Perfons who, within fuch Parilh or Plate, are by La* fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or tea the Payment of any Money in lieu cf or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, dift.nguifliing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or othervife, ar.d alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid ; which Litis cf Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under Imh Regulations and Reflriftions as is, are, or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repairs o( thepubhek Highways; and out of luch Lifts the faid Juftices fh.ilt and may allot, appoint, and [Ltc. isfJPer.^	11 H	order

95<>	47°Georg11 hi. seir. 2. Cap.5i.

order fuch and to many of the Pe-I'ons who Ihall appear to be fubje£l and )i >bie t do Statute Work as aforefaid, to do lucl) Number of Days Statute Work in eve y Year upon the laid Roads, as the laid Juftices (hall think reafoncble, ami the fame (ball be done on fuch Days, and at fuch Times (not being Hav-Time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the laid Roads as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, (hall from Time to Time order, dirrd, and appoint; and the laid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and clired the Perlons who by fuch Lilts (hall appear to be fubjed;, and liable to the Pa.ment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Vtork as aforciaid, to pay Inch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices It all think proper to the laid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or limes a they the laid Juftices fhall dired; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diltrefs and S ite of the Goods and Ghatte’s of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in Fite Manner as any Penalty is by the faid lirft recited Ad author’zed or direded to be recovered; and each and every Perlon who (hall r.ewltd or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, ^ftcr Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or ufual Piace or Places of Abode, for that Purpofr, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts!, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as luch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and EfFed for the Repair of the pubhek High* ways; and if any Perlon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fnall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall b- lubjed and liable to the refpedive forfeitures and Payments af jrefaid, as if he had negleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part ot the faid Roads ; all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the Lid Truftees, and applied towards amending the laid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Places (hall refule or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfed Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For removing XX. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon (hall ride upon

Annoyan.es, any Footway adjoin’ng to the faid Roads, or (hall drive any Horfe, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or (hall caufe any Damage to be done to any fuch Foccway; or if any Perfon (hall hale or draw, or caule to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the Lid Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwife than upon wheeled Carriages, ur (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or Stone, which fhall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the faid Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perlon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the Lid Roads ihall fuffer the fame to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge-Backings, or Copfe, on either Side thereof; or if any Perlon driving any Coach, Chaife,

i z	Waggon,

951

4.70 GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 53.

Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage, upon the faid Roads, (hall not keep his Carriage on the lefc or near Side of the laid Roads; or if any Perfon (hall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perlon or Perfons from palling him, her, or them upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall make or affift in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires, or (had let fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket,

Serpent, or Firework whatfoever, on any Parc or Parts of the faid Roads, or within Forty Yards of the fame; or if any Perfon (hall, without fuffi-cient Caufe, leave any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (longer than may be necelTary for loading or unloading the fame), in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the faid Roads, either with or without any Horfe or Bead of Draught harneffed or yoked thereto, or (hall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung,

Manure, Soil, Rubbith, or other Matter, or Thing whatfoever, on any Part of the faid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Perluns travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending fh ill, for every fuch Offence refpeftivcly, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That all the Cods, Charges, and For paying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Act,

and all and every fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be advanced, botroved, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Intered to grow due thereon, fhall be paid out of the fird Money which fhali arife or be received by virtue of the faid Afts or of this Aft, in Preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and PublickAet, taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as

fuch by all Judges, Judices, and others, without being fpccially pleaded.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Afts (hall be and the T*rm*nd fame are hereby declared to be revived, and that this Aft (hall com- Act* mence upon the palling thereof, and (hall, together with the faid Afts, continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the further Term

of Twenty-orie Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON:	Printed	by	George	Eyre	and	Andrew	Strahan*

Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy. 1807.

■

.

-	'I	.V

a ■ ■	•	t	>	t.	■	.	.t	•

! m(}

' J , , _ , _ . -

• ' •'< t	j «<	i	,	,	jj . .jjj

• o	ui	i^yqi '•■«>« ? Y».n mri: ?9g. J) agthiip

r. . {!•/.	-jHj	r'.	,r:	j,,

(	;'•(	M/lt'Kt	-1	-i	- ' ” isTnt/HA Ui\ il iw

,	-	-tv.r:af<J yrtr, 10	. V	s	y *

. ■-	I'ijo	)	■	C

• —------------------- « w

J. - ill . vu.. ■ _ [. TR 31/ •-1	:

		yji'f  ,i ■ -M i .	••» if *»
		• i	j. . xr.i
•ivA •		■:'J :■ 0 3. !	■ • ,,
		i	

'X . .	,

bnr. r “

- i>?un

.. f.	*i	T-J'-"-.	.	’A<j	-d	fi	1	*

1	•	.	-*i	f	;

\ v J ,! W >

• » .

i

-

<;V' •■'*="	•	"	■ ...

I •	'H	:

• -	/	:	■	s-

• . r... ;.I T

iiij t.

(imiAHiv ..	.	'...	In.-;	r	iv. -	•',;r

. i	'	;i	I	•>.	'	•"	■■('	■	'	■

Ai>i

\ f

' • •: '• 1

...» r fy *■'

4 t>whh*4

[) ♦)' tyrifn tw* - *

4 H h" * fi lit t*mi *

. vi ? i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SeiT 2.

t***********************************************

Cap. 54.

An A& for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an A£, of the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Rvyjion, in the Counties of Cambridge and Ejjex.	[ift	Augujl 1807.J

WHEREAS an Aft was p.iffed in the Thirty-third Year of the

Reign of His p efcnt Majefty, intituled. An Ad for repairing 33°-3 the Reads from tie Town of Cambridge, to a Place called Long Leys, andfrom tbcfaid Town of Camb’idge to Royfton, intheCounties of Cambridge aitafF. flex: -And whereas great Progrefs hathbeen made in repairingand improving the faid Road', and feveral con fi Jet able Sums of Money have been borrowed, and aie now due and owing on the Credit of the fame, and of tire Tolls authorift-d to be taken thereon ; but the faid Roads cannot be effcftualiy amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money fo borrowed be paid eff, unlefs the Term of the faid Aft be continued, and fome of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the TolL incirated: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfemblec, and by \Loc. b5 Per.^	11 I	the

1. u*.

I

95+

Former ^ further continued.

For difcon-tinuing the preh nr Toll*, and granting •sw ones.

To'h tc be taken.

47°GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 54.

the Authority of the fame. That the faid Ad palled in the Thirtv-third Year of His preterit Maj fty, and all .nd every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provifrons, Claufes, Matteis, and Things therein conrained (except fuch Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, lhall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this prefent A :t, (h .11 be put in Execution for the feverai Purpofes tliereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term hercin-afirr mentioned, as fully and effectually in ail Refpedts, and to all Intents and Hurp.fes, as it ihc fame were exprelsly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefent Act; and this Att, and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, fubject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now clue and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the faid R.>..d-, or which fhall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Cr-dir or on Account of the fame, by virtue of the faid recited Act and of this Act, and of all Intereft due and to become due for the fame refpectively.

II.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited Aft have bpen found ir.iufficien: for amending and keeping the faid Roads in good Repair; be it therefore finther enafted, That from and after the Second Monday next after the puffing of this Aft, the Tolls payable m and by the la.d recited Aft (hall ceaie, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls (hall be demanded and taken, before any Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Bead, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, C .rt, cr other C mage whatfotv.-r, be permitted to paf- through any Turnp ke or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, crafted, or to be eredted by virtue ot the fj d recited Aft or this Aft, upon and acrofs the laid Roads, or upon 01 acrois any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (That i» to fay),	'	'

Firtve-y Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaife, Chair, £urricle, Calaffi, Ciravan, Hcarfe, or other Inch Cariiage, drawn by Six blorles, the Sum ot Two Shillings and Sixpence:

Dr awn by F' ui HoiLs, the S.m ol Two Shillings:

D'awn by Two Horfes, the Sum of One Shil'ing :

F01 evety Ch.ifeor Chair, Wh (key, or other luch like Carriage, drawn by One Hone, Mate, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Waggon on the new Coi ll'iudton, videlicet, with Nine Inch Wheels, rolling a Suiface on each Side of Sixteen Inches, the Sum ol One Shilling:

Fur every Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, moving upon Rolltrt of the Breadth of Six een Inches on each S.dc thereof, the Sum oi One Shilling and I hre. -p. nee :

For every Waggon with Nine Inch Wheels, the Sum of Two Shillings: For every B.oad Wheel Cart (the Wheel being :of the Breadth of Six Inchts) clriwn by Two Eiories, the Sum of One Shilling:

Drawn r»y i lree Hoifcs, the Sum oi One Shilling and Twc-pcnce, ar.d draw n by Four Horfcs, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

For eveiv Waggon with Six Inch Wheels, drawn by Six or more HorfeS, ihe Sum of Two Shillings:

Drawn by Five Horfcs, the Sum of One Shilling arid Eight-pence, and dravn by Four llorfes, t r Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For e> e’y Narrow Wheel W aggon drawn by Four Holies, the Sum of Two Sniffings and Sixpence :

Drawn

955

47°GEORGII III. SelT.2. Cap. 54.

Draw,-1, by Three Horfes, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence, and drawn by Two H rl'es, tfce Sum of One Shilling and Nme-pencc :

For every Cart with Narrow Wheels, drawn by Three Hoi Its, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Two Horfes, the Sum of One Shilling and Tam-pcnce :

For every oihtr Cart drawn by One Horfe, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Hortc, Mule, or A Is, not drawing, the Sum of Iwo-pence;

For every Drove oi Oxen or nrat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eighr-pence per Score, and lo in Proportion tor any gteatcr or lefi Number:

For tuery Drove cf Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Limbs, the Sum of One Shilling ara Three-pence per Score, and lo in Proportion lor any greater or let Number:

Which faid refpeftive Tolls or Duties (hall be, and are hereby declared to Tolls veftedin be vrlted in the Truftees appointed fur the Purpoles of the faid recited Act Trufteei. and this Aft; a id ti at it (hull and may be lawful for the laid 1 ruflees, or any S ven or nit le of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpofe, from Time to Time, to direct and cauie the faid Tulls to be paid and colic ft d at the Gau s teefted or to be erefteu acrois or on the Sides of the faid Roaas, in lm.h Faits and Proportions as they (hall think proper ; and they the laid Trudee , or luch Pc non or Perlons as they (hall authorize and appoint for that kurpofc, lha',1 h-ve fuch and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remediestor apportioning, colltfting,dtmandmg, recovering levying, dTigning, transferiing, leafing, reducing,advanftng and compound ing for, the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made pay ble as are, in and by the faid recited Aft, given and expreffed with rcipeft to the Toll* thereby granted or made payable, fo that the fame do never exceed the Tolls hercin-before granted; and that the faid Tolls and Du ies hereby grarted and made payable, iball be paid, applied, and difpofed of, to and fur fuch Utcr, Intents, and Purp ifes, as are in the faid recited Aft and tins Aft directed and appointed in that Behalf.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the powertotrea faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, to remove any Gate or »nd remove Turnpike and Toll Houfe already erefttd, or hereafter to be ertfted, GaU1, upon or acrois the laid Roads, and may alio ereft, or caufe to be erefted,

any. other Gate or Turnpike, Toll Houfe or Toll Houfes, and other Buildings thereto, upon or acrois any Part or Parts ot the faid Ruads, or upon the Side or Sides thereof, acrois any Lane or Way leading into the fame, and to caufe fuch Tolls to be coJLfted and taken at luch lelpeftive Turnpikes as are by this Aft made payable Upon the faid Roads, fo that the fame do not extend to a double Charge, or fubjeft any Petfon to the Payment of a larger Toll than is herein-belore appointed to be paid for afterwards palling or repaying the fame Day through all or any of the Turnpikes already erefted, or herein authorized to be erefted acrofs the faid Roads, fo as luch Turnpikes be not erefted nearer than Three Miles of che Town of Cambridge.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the Second Monday Genera] Ex> rext alter the palling of this Aft, the Exemptions granted by the faid emptions. recited Aft (hall te repealed, and that no Toll fliall be demanded or

taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed

in

956

47° G E O R G11 III. Seff.2 Cap,

in carrying or conveying only, and going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empiy from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the lame Day, any Stores, Buck', Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the laid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Par fhts in which any Part of the laid Roads lie, or any Hav, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, bur p fling to be laid up or plactd in the Cut-houfes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carnages, or Horfes employed in cairying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or reiuining empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in car. ryingor conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or anv Mould, Dung, Lime, Marl, Suliage, Compoft, or other M mure employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, cr other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land; or for any Wag. gons. Wains Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from ca rying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Bricks L m , Stone, Plsfter, Timber, or other Materials to be tiled for building or repairing anv Church, Chapel, Houle, Out* houfe, Birn, Srable, or Hovel within the lame Parilh where luch Bricks, Lin e, Stonr, Phfl>r, Timber, or other Materials lhall be m..de, got, or cut tfown; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Failure ur watering Places, or for any Hoi les going to be, or return, ing 'r m heirg (hoed, or from a1 y l’erlon’going to or returning from his or hei piopei parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of reugiuus Worfhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine S'-rviie is ouiciet) by Aiithmi y to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Petfon hat fhail die and be buned in any of the fan, Pailhes, or from ai y Clergyman going to or returning trom vifiting any fick Pcrlon, cr upm -other his parochial qr minifterul Duty,-on 4 Sunday,_ or on any mhr Day on which Divine Service is o dcred by flu hqtlty to be celebrated, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of w auvfr Di icfiption, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails o* Le tei.sanu Expriflf s uhder the Authority of His Majdty’s Poftmafler Grnc-al, either when tmployed in conveying, guarding, Or fetching luch Math or ExprcflVs, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons attending upon Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Can urge attending them, with their A ms, t r Baggage; nor for any Horfes futnilhed by, or tor any Pcrfoni belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning ffom the Place appointed for, cr on the Days of Exercife, provided that luch Pcrfons be drefled in the Uniform of their reipcfhre Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpe&ivtiy at the Tin e of claiming luch Exemption; or for any Horfes, Carts, Waggons, ir other Carnages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams fern t>y legal Pafles ; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caialb,

• j ■	(	h.mr, or other Carriage, or any Horfe or other BealP cohveying any

Perlon 01 Perions to or from any Eli&ion of a Knight or, Knights of the Smre to lerve in Parliament for the Counties of Cambridge and EJJtn during the Time of fuch Eieftion or Elections, or on the Day before or

Day

957

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 54.

Day after fuch Eledion fhall begin or be concluded; and if any Pei fan or Perfons fhall, in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Ad granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Pcrfon fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof (hall go to the Informer, a d the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Act; and in all Cafes the Proof of Exemption fhall lie upon the Perfon claiming the fame.

V.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Truflees may caufe

Truften may

Footpaths, not exceeding Eight Feet in Breadth, to be made along the Sides of the faid Roads, in fuch Places as can conveniently admit of the fame ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall ride upon any fuch Way or Ways made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the faid Roads for the Ufe of Foot Paficngers, or lhall lead or drive any Horle or Horles, Cow or Cows, Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or Carriage, upon any fuch Way or Ways, or lhall wilfully or negligently injure or damage the fame, or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage fhall wilfully or carelefsly break or damage any of the Pofb, Rails, or Stones, which already are or hereafter may be ereded or put up for the Security of the faid Footpaths or Caufeways, or if any Perfon fhall plow over, or drag any Plough upon any Parc of the laid Roads to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Perfon fhall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which fhall be or lie upon any Part of the faid Roads, with any Inftrument, fo as to damage the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, without the Confent of the faid Truftees, ora ny Seven or more of them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, or if any Perfon fhall leave any Waggon, Wain,

Carr, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufbandry, either with or without any Horfe or Bead harneffed or yoked thereto, (without fomc reafonable Caufe to be allowed by the Juftice be-fore whom the Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall be fummoned or conveyed in order to his Convidion, or except wiih regard to fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during fuch reafonable Time as the fame fhall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near the Side of the faid Roads as conveniently may be), or fhall fpread any Skins or Linen or Cloaths to dry on any Hedge or Fence on the Side of the faid Roads, or fhall winnow any Corn or Seeds on any Part of the faid Roads, or fhall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bufhes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw,

Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbilh, or other Annoyance whaifocvcr, upon any Part of the faid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof or Annoyance of any Perfon or Perfons travelling thereon, every Perfon lo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety thereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpoles of this Ad. VI.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad Stature as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Roads, fhall Libour' be and the lame is hereby repealed ; and that all Perfons, who by Law

arc or lhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby direded to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, lhall ftill remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it (hall and may be lawful for any Two or :	[Lee.	W	Per.]	i1 K	more

47°GEORGII III. Sett. 2. Cap. $4.

moTe Juftices of ihe Peace For the faid Counties of Cambridge and EJJ'ex, or either of them, and they are hereby tequired and empowered, upon Application made to them by the laid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fliall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpedive Parilhes or Places in which the laid Roads lie; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every Inch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofuion for iuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fliall be by him or them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, ic fhall and may be lawful to and for fucii Juftices, from Time to Time, to fumnion the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lids before fuch Juftices at lome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the ferving of fuch Summon-'), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjeft to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compofition for Iuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwifc; and ail'o the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid, which Lilts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions as are or may bedircdetl by any Law or Statute in Force and Effcd for the Repairs of the Public Highways, and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fliall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fliall appear to be i'ubjcd and liable to do Statute Work as aforefaid, to do Iuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the laid Roads as the Lid Juftices fhall think reafonable; and the fame fliall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times, (not being Hay Time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors fliall, from Time to Time, order, dired, and appoint; and the Lid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and dired the Perfons who by fuch Lifts lhail appear to belubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compt futon for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fliall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their .Trea iurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices lhall dired ; and in default of Payment thereof, the fame lhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the faid recited Ad is authonfed or direded to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who (ha1! negled or refufe to do Iuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, mail for every Day of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Ilorfes, Beaft or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be lubjed: and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be Tubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effcd for the Repair of the Public Highways ; or if any Perfon who fliall come to work as a Labourer, or fliall befentwijh any Team or Draught to vvoik on the faid Roads, fliall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perlon who fhall be fo found idle or negligent

959

' 47" GEORGII III. Seff.a. Cap. 54.

as aforefaid; and in that Cafe, every fuch Pcrfon lhall he fubj d and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as it he had nrgleded or rcfufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part cf the faid Hoads; all which Forfeitures (hall be p id to the Treafurer to the laid Trultees f>r the 7 imtf being, and applied towaids amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the laid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Pariihes or Places (hall refufe or wilfully ntglcd to give in luch Lilts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfed Lifts, every fuch Surveyor, lo offending, (hall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That all Penalties crForfeitures by virtue Recovery an^ of the faid recited Act or this Act impofed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwile particularly directed) Inall he levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace, for either of the (aid Counties of Cambridge or Effix. in which the Offence fhall happen, (which Warrant fuch Jultice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confcllion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned upon Demand, to the Owner of luch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Ccfts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diltrels; and fm h Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not direded to be other-wile applied) (hall be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Trultees to be applied towards the Purpofes of the faid recited Act or tl is Ad, and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs lhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeiture* fhall not be paid forthwith, it fh.ll and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice and he is hereby aurhoriled and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or Houle cf Corredion, of the County where the Offence lhall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprizc for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor lei's than Tweniy-one Days, unlefsfuch Penalties and Forfeitures and all reafonabte Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be fooner fully paid and ia-tisfied.

Vin. And be it further enacted. That inall Cafes where any Convidion Form 0f c«a« fl)all be had for any Offence or Offences committed againll this Ad, the viftioa.

Form of Convidion fhall be in the Word* or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay,)

dE it remembered, That on this

Year of the Reign of

vided before me

J unices of the Peace for the County of (ae the Offence Jhallbe,) ana I the faid him (her or them) to forfeit and pay for 1

Day of	in	the

A. B. is con-One of His Majefty’s of having do adjudge

the fame, the Sum of

1 Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforefaid.

IX.	And

t)6o

Power to df. t?in unknown Perfon guilty ot Offences.

Leafes

vacated.

A pplication of Cnmprifa-tion, if amounting to sool.

4.70 G EO RG11 III. Scfl*.2. Cap. 54.

IX.	And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againft the faid recited Aft or this Aft may be tranfient Perfons, unknown to the Truftees, Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers under the faid recited Aft and this Aft, be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Truftees, Colleftors, Surveyors, and other Officers rel'peftively, to fciz; and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons guilty of any Offence againft the faid recited Aft or this Aft, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them before one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County where any fuch Offence or Offences thall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft for fo doing.

X.	Ana be it further enafted. That, from and after the Second Monday next after the pafling of this Aft, all Demifes, Leafes, and Agreements for Leafes of the Tolls granted by the faid recited Aft (hull ceafe and be void, and the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them (hall and may, land they are hereby required to make a fair and juft Compenlation and Satisfaction to the prefent Leffee or Leffees of the faid Tolls, for the l.ofs or Damage which he, fhe, or they (hall fuftain thereby ; and fuch Comprn-fttion and Satisfaction {hall and may be recovered by fuch Ltffec or Leffees from the Lid Truftees, in cafe of Rcfuf.il to make the lame on Demand made to their Clerk or Treafurer, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cale, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlmirjler.

XI.	And be it further ennfted, That if any Money fhall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Power* of the faid recited ACt and this Aft, tor the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftce, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other CYftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement,, or to any Perfon under any other Disability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the lame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pane the Truftees for executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Ord.r made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Pur-chafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affirftitig other Lands, Tenemenrs; or Hereditaments, (landing fettled thrrewith, to the fame or the like Ufcs, Intents, or Purpofes; or where finh Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchale of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which thall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon luch and the like Ul'es, Trults, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, ffobd fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch

Conveyance

47*GEOR(j II IIL Selt'2.	9^

Conveyance and Settlement, flii’.l be exiting, undetermined, and dap/ !e of taking Efted ; and In the mean Time, and until loch Purchafe ibali Ite made, the faid Money lhall, by Order of the laid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General it) his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Conlobbated, or I lute Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank. Annuities ; and in the mead Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities lhall be ordeted by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpolcs aforefaid, the Dividends and annpjl Produce of the faid Conlolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities lhall, from Time to l ime, be paid by Order of the laid Court to the Perfon or Perf ns who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchalcd by virtue of '.lie laid recited Ad, or this Ad, in cafe luch Purchafe or Settlemtnt were

made.

-

XII.	Provided always* and be it enaded, That if any Money fo Apr■> agreed or awarded to.be; paid for any, Lands, Tenements,,or Heredv UonC°ifku'1" laments purchased, taken, or ufed for the Purpoies aforelafd, and be- twin raol-longing to any Corporauon, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Dtfability or Incapacity as aforefaid, ihall.be lefs than the Sun} cf Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be,equal to the Sum ctTwenty Pounds, then, and in all luch Cafes, the fame lhall, at the Option ct the Perlbn or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments yx purchafed> taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, bq paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as afortfatd, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or other7 wife the fame lhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Ttufte-rs, to be nominated by the Perfon or Petlons making fuch Option, and approved of by any Seven or more of the	fa	d Trudies for	executing the

faid recited Aft, and this Ad,	(fuch Nomination	and Approfca- ...	:...

tion to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order mat fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends anfing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-befare directed, fo far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion and Approbation of the Court of Chan-cciy.	'

XIII.Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That where fuch Money fo agreed Application or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned lhall be lefs than Twenry of Cpmpcn- ’ Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes,	the	fame lhall be applied to the Ufe	l~*

of the Perfon or Perfons who would	for	the Time being	have been en-

titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchaled, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad, or this Ad, in luch Manner as the laid Truftees lhall think fit) or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money lhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Comnjittcts, to and for the Ule and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Ptrl’uns lo entitled rcfpedively

[Loc. & Per.]	11 I,

XIV. And

$62

In cafe of n»t making out Title.,

or if Perfoni cannot be found, Pur-chafe Money to be paid into the Bank|

fubject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any

Queftion fhall arife touching the Title to Money to i>e paid, the fee-ton who (hall be in PofTef-fion at the Time of fuch Purchafe, (hall be deemed entitled thereto, according to fuch Poflcf-<01*.

47*GEORGII III. Sefl. 2. Cap.§4*

XiV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for tbe Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed bv virtue of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Trultees 5 or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perlon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Heredita* ments, be rot known or difeovered, then and in every fuch C,fe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them), fubjeft to the Order, Gon-troul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons, making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or oiherwife as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to, order (he fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perlon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Calhier or Caihiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and ipecify. ing for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enafled, That where any Queftion fhall arife, touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fucli Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary lhall be fhewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alio the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and dif-pofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that lome other Perfon

or

47° GEORG 11 IIL Seff.2. Cajr.^.	963

or Pfrlon* was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Incereit therein.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That where by reafon of any Dilability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled •racrreifon-to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the “f Authority of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, the Purchafe Money to be paid by for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and Trufteei. to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, and th’s Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fball deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the fa'd recited Aft, and this Aft, who (hall, from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XVn. And be it further enafted, That all the Cods, Chrrges, and Ex- f°,TExpence* pences, incident to and attending the obtaining and p« fling of this Aft, aitneAct. together with lawful Intereft for the (ame, (hall be paid out of any Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treafurer, to the faid TruP.ees, or out of the firft Money to arife by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and this Aft.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aftfliallbedeemcd and taken Public Act. to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by aJJJudges, Juft ices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That, from and after the Second Monday Term of this next after the pafling of this Aft, the Term granted by the (aid recited

Aft (hall ceafe and determine, and that from thenceforth the laid recited Aft (fubjeft to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) (hall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent M,jelly, i S07.

.1 1 J

J Qc

111 II05I0‘i0%>

10 /in*.. .i.



^ ■,.. .	■	■	v	■

.

-j-fuiT

•;:» ."’ • . H •f'f	•	•» f>;*«* ,<D.' r '/ci*! &1VZ

fcs!-ijfl	>»•■;*- .»»»*} to.: '!;	sH, Vk','?;-**Mfc„.'u .a J;.. •	<1

veil -. -.»£:>	■ ;i «r- ijnssiicjiu..- »:.i "A .tfVSrrK .T <«&tcJ	. nj

v-mi 1/1 uT* -f-xw ’•'iti r 7\ shJj {mu f}J A fe uoST'ih*^ air {t^wjuod uA

bna ,'«i- .. JL>lo; t • | ojai I>:/5q s’. OJ bsifii'31	1.'.	ami-! id} vol

.	.	.	»	>	.! i.: bjiVjq

,f'.A l »: .i ui Vj j.t: .:.■■{ r i ,2j. J rail stb ui Lilli., si t>: ,*•a i£:! *ii; .■:•» U < * kl.Twl d . i.i Ji i: li t>t*i iia. S-oif «	■'* iid lo " i*l*3 .rii ia i.j tj

«i-A . '■) i«i- , i .' i liil sill to	ui	obmn i i ci

«.	u-fiij t»‘ ir'. rVfl : .«.•« Xltiil arfj	i.«." .^ilauva «-;•

tjj' /j-. i .	9*ii	1»>	hi.	ii.L-.	i-frt

«SC *i nl	C-'*W eftA t !J	" i'sHb.ft '!$

1. ...	.	..	• ..	n._l	■ .*. yr.uLil 3 *	.	,!i iIjl'1 y.'i

•fin i >

a » . c

'■ yh^iiffnul w 3d bo A. ,11VZ

. v ; jdv y il.iitfc hoeoi :. • i.-nni ^warorj

•* % ir.

.	*!: i.» .• ,U s,1j »:i laiemn v., •

........................  !	"	'••;	)	....1 .	.	j	i

- ■	^	.flA	cid:

r *	' • •; - •? j ■ r ,... • -r-: v* ;• a .nivz

s.'i ?.J 2li2 CtZ> ,r I i. S,''isrflcj £n -	.‘’	ti-J	fv	14

•	•	i	'	■	■	’T	.	.

t;rt jA

_ mf^A

•■ >	  ->-•	J	■

1	f-V * *■	jy ilklillv i

rt? .•

-:A fr(j

tv -	1	",

.

;o

H ' > -4 *• •

.iiAfrwjjvt^uId r .	...	,	r.-.'j.v. i	!'■:**..

'*	•}. ^•<*.♦‘1.4 '. li*!;. /I V!	rM':*.<»■	£.i

nr»'x;n,

S<(4

* '■ V V ' *



f,Vvl.4».	..





!{d iq ft 'V-

■tj-ni

vv

A v

■»>H fi

«l «*•



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

***M«*rMs»«**rM *************************************

Cap. 55.

An Adi to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of Hi$ prefent Majefty, for repairing and amending the Road from the prefent Turnpike Road, in the Parifli of Hurjleyf in the County cf Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.	[	i	ft Augufi 1807.]

HEREAS an Aft was palled ir. the Sixth Year of the Reign of 6G.j. c. 1$, His prefent Majtftv, intituled. An A cl for repairing and widening the Road front the prefent Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of Hurflry, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury, in the County cf Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River: And whereas an Aft: was paffed in % G the Twenty-feventh Year of His prelent Majefty, to continue the Term 17	3’	C

and alter and enlarge the Powers of the faid Aft ; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in tne faid Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in the fa;d County of Berks : And whereas tne Truftees appointed in or by xrr,fte-« have virtue of the laid Afts, have made great Procrefs in making and repair- proceeded in

UM -"ttfStSSS.



g66

Term enlarged.

Pew Truftees,

CTiufing Succors.

47s GEORGII III. Sdl*.2. Cap.$5.

ing the faid Roads, and have for that Purpofe borrowed a confiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted s which (till remains due, and eannot be paid off, and the (aid Roads effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted by the laid Ads be continued, and fome of the Powers of the faid Ads altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded •, and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afletnbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ads of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all the Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) fhall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term hcrein-after mentioned, as fully and effcdually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this prefent Ad, but fubjed neverthelefs to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which lhall commence and take effed upon the palling of this Ad ; and this Ad, and the additional Term hereby granted, lhall be and. are hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of all the refpedive Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the faid Ads; and alfo fuch other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid Ads or of this Ad, and of all littered now due and to grow due for the fame refpedively.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Perfons who, at the Time of palling this Ad, lhall be Truftees by virtue of, or of any of the Powers of the laid former Ads, or either of them, together with James Beft Clerk, George Barnard, Benjamin Barnard, Benjamin Bunbury, Anthony Bacon, David Chambers, Thomas Clark, Daniel Compton, John Hyde, Peter Green, Sir Robert Kingsmill Baronet, William Lance Clerk, Samuel Andrews Lloyd, Head Pot linger Clerk, George Pocock, George Rofe, Wanley Sawbridge, Richard Tull, George Vincent, and their Succcffors, to be eleded in Manner hercin-after mentioned, and qualified as the faid firft recited Ad direds j and every other Perfon, who lhall, at the Time of ading, be in the adual Occupation of an Eftate in Land, either Freehold, Copyhold, or Leafehold, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds, within any or either of the Parifhes through which the faid Roads lead, and who lhall pay or be liable to pay to the Owner or Owners thereof, a clear yearly Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds for the Rent or Occupation of the fame Etlace, (hall be and they are hereby declared to be Truftees for putting the faid former Ads and this Ad in Execution.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That when and as often as any Perfon who (hall, at the Time of palling this Ad, be a Truftee particularly named in or appointed under or by virtue of the fa;d former Ads or either of them, or any of the Perfons herein particularly named as Truitees, lhall die, or by Writing under his Hand, delivered to the Clerk of the faid Truftees, lhall refufe to ad, it fnall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Truftees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, at One of their Quarterly Meetings, to tied and appoint

4	One

g6;

470 GEORGIL III. Stefra. ^.55.

One other Perfon to be a Truftee in the Room of him fo dying or retufing to adl and all Peifons who (lull be fo elected and appointed., are hereby vetted with the fame Powers for putting the faid former Adfs and this Adi; in Execution, as the Perfons in whole Places he or they (ball be refpec-tively chofen was or were vetted with.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no Perfon (hall henceforward be capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of the faid former Adis or this Adt, until he (hall have taken and fublcnbcd the following Oath or Affirmation at fome Quarterly Meeting, before any Five or more Truftees, who are hereby empowered to adminitter the fame; videlicet:

*	T A. B. do fwear [er, being One of the People called Quakers, do

*	A folemnly affirmj That I am [^reciting the Qualification he claims as'Calied'itpon ‘ under or by virtue of the faid former Adts, or either of them, or this

*	Adt, as tbs Cafe may be] and that I will truly and faithfully execute the ‘ Trufls repofed in me by Three Acts paffed in the Sixth, Twemy-feventh,

*	and Forty-feventh Years of the Reign of His Majefty King George the

*	Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the prelcnt Turnpike

*	Road, in the Pariffi of Hurjley, in the County of Southampton, through

*	the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury in the County of

*	Berks, and other Roads in the faid Acts, or in fome or one of them

*	mentioned, according to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, without

*	Favour or Affedtion to any Perfon whomfoever.

‘ So help me GOD.’

And which Oath or Affirmation every Truftee (hall take at every Quarterly Meeting of Truftees, before he fhall prefume to adt as a Truftee at fuch Meeting, in cafe he is thereunto required by any other Truftee pre-fent; and if any Perfon, not being qualified asdiredted by the faid former Adis or one of them, or this Act, fhall adt as a Truftee in putting the faid former Adts and this Adt in Execution, or being fo qualified fhall, previous to his adting, if thereunto required as aforefaid, negledl or refufe to take fuch Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the fame Manner as in the faid former Acts mentioned and preferibed refpedt-ing Penalties on Perfons adting not being qualified.

V.	And whereas it is by the faid laft recited Adt enadted, that It (hall Quarterly not be lawful for the Truftees to hold more than Four publick Meetings Mcetu,s5, in every Year for putting the faid recited Adts into Execution, and that

fuch Meetings fhall be called Quarterly Meetings, withouc any Adjournment thereof, except for the Purpofe of letting the Toils, and fhall be held by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, alternately, at Andover, Crux Eafion, Newbury, and Eajt Iljley, the Fir ft of fuch Meetings to be held at fome Publick Houfe at Crux Eajion, upon the Firft Monday after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven * the Second at tome Publick Houfe in the Town of Newbury, upon the Firft Monday after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven; the Third at fome Publick Houfe at Eajl Iljley, on the Firft Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thouland feven hundred and eighty-feven ; and the Fourth

at

Penalty on afting not being qualified.

968	GEORGII	HI.	Seff.2.	Cap.	55.

at fome Publick Houfe at Andover, upon the Firft Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and eighty -eighr, and fo on in the like Progrefiion at the faid refpeftive Places during the Continuance of the faid laft recited Act: And whereas it hath been found inconvenient to have the Quarterly Meeting at Eaft Iljleyan the Firlt Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, and it would be more convenient that fuch Quarterly Meeting (hould be held at Newbury, and that the Quarterly Meeting, appointed by the faid laft recited Aft to be held at Newbury on the Firft Monday after the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, (hould be held at EaJtJIJJey, be ic therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftces, or any Five or more of them, to hold the Quarterly Meeting, appointed by the faid laft recited Aft, to be held on the Firft Monday after the Twenty-ninth. Day of September, at fome Publick Houfe at Eajl Ilfley inftead of Newbury, and the Quarterly Meeting, appointed by the faid laft recited Aft, to be held on theFiift Monday after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, at fome Publick Houfe in Newbury inftead of Eajl Iljley, in each and every Year during the Conntinuance of this Aft; any Thing in the faid lift recited Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

?e«eFarmer»	further enafted. That if the Perfon who (hall be the

or Tom in	Farmer or Renter of the Tolls by the faid former Afts authorized to be

Arrcar.	collefted, lhall not pay or caufe to be paid to the faid Truftces, or their

Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, the Rent which lie or they (ball have agreed to give for the fame, within the Space of Ten Days next after the feveral and refpeftive Days on which the fame (hall become due and payable, it (hall be lawful for any Five or more of the faid Truftees, although not afiembled at a Meeting, to nominate and appoint fome fit Perfon to colleft and rective the Tolls arifing at the Toll Gate of which fuch Perfon (ball be the Farmer or Renter, until the next Meeting of the faid Truftees, which Perlbn fo to be nominated and appointed (ball have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the fame Manner, in ail Refpefts, as if he had been appointed a Colleftor at a Meeting held by virtue of the faid former Afts or either of them; and if any fuch Farmer or Renter, or other Perfon who (hall inhabit the fame, (h ill refufe to deliver up the Poflcffion of the Houfe, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he enjoyed in right of his being fuch F’armer or Renter as aforefai', for the Space of Two Days nexc after Notice of fuch Appointment (ball be given to him or left at his Houfe, then it (hall be lawful for any Julliceof the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein fuch Turnpike (hall be fituate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Conftablc or other Peace Officer, with fuch Affiftance as (hall be neceffiuy, to enter fuch Toll Houfe and Premifes in the Day-'imr, and to remove the Perfons who fhall be found therein, together wi.h their Goods, out of fuch Houfe and Premife', and to put the new appointed Officer into the Puffiffion thereof, and then and from thenceforth the Contrail or l.eafe, by which the faid Toll (hall be renred or holden, lhall become null and void to all (r.tents and Pimpt fes whatfoever, and the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have been depofited in the. Hands of the laid Truftees, or their Treafurer cr Treafurers, fur better freoring the regular Payment of the fall Rent, and all Ji.tereft which fhall be then due thereon, fhall become forfe'ted to the faid Truftees, and be bv them applied to the feveral Pubpnfes of the laid former Afts and this Aft.

VII. And

47" GEOndll III. Self. 2. 6Jp. 55-	9^9

TII. A'wi be it further enabled, That all and every the Juflices of the I*, ace, b fore whom anv Perfon or P.- tons 111n I be conv.Cted ol any Of* fence a the fa'-d former Adis or this Art, null and may caule the C nvibti n io be diawn up according to the hallowing Form or Word', as the Cafif lhaii happen,or in ar.y other Form of Words to the fame Effect;

(yv deficit):

‘ D E it remembered, That on the	Day	of	in	the	of	Con.

*	x>	Year of the Reign of His Majefty

*	is. convifhd b.-f re me	One	of	His

*	M. jelly’s Jot'.ices of the Peace for the	[_fpec'fi‘nS	t^3t

‘ Off nee, and ike Time and P ace iobtn and where the fame was commuted,

*	a the Cafe Jhall be.'] Gi.cn under ruy Hand and Seal the Day and

*	Year aiorciai..’

Y’UL And be ic enadled, That no Toll fhall he demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wa ns, Carts, Cairiages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carding rr conveying, h ving been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Stores, Biicks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or oPe Materials for repairing . f the (aid Roads, or any of the Road' in the Tuwi fh ps or P-r (hes in which any Part of luch Roads do lie, or Hav,

S	law, ir Com in the Straw only, not fold or di poled of, hot p fling to be laid up c.r ] laced in the Out-houfts, nr on the L nds ot the O-vnejs or Occu^i isthereojf, ir for any Corn, Grain, or G ill, carrying to or lomar.y C r M l:, b -iniy in any of the Hamlet', To»nfhi|*, or Pa ts througn _w n ch he) id Roads or any Part thcreor fha.i lead; or for-n. Horfes-, Cac.le. <.r Caringcs, returning unladen afttr hav.ng carried an. Inch Cora,Gras., or Giill, luch Corn, Grain, or Grid, befg for private Ule oni•, aad.ioi tor Sale; or for any Waggons, Wains,

C-rf, Carriages, or HyRs employed inciriying or convtymg, or going empty lotarry or convey, or returning irom carrying or conveying, having been employed only in qairying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements ot Htibindry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure, cmpioied in Hifba.d v for manuring or improving Lands, or for any ether 1 liini! cia, loycd in the Management ot any Farm or Lands in any ot the laid Jail-mentioned Tov. nflnps or Panfhes ; or for any Horfes or Caule going t > or returning fr m Pailure or watering Places, or going to be or r turning ;r ir, being (hoed or far tied , or from ar.y Perfon going to or returning frr,pi jus .proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Woifhip toicrjted by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on winch Divine Scrvi e is ordered by Authuiiry to be celebrated, or amending ihe Funeral of any Perfon that (hall die and be buried in any ot flic laid Parilhes ; ci from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifmng any Pick Pcil .n, or upon other his parochial or minifterial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on w hich Divine Service is O'dered by Authority to be celebrated; or fur any Haifes, Cattle, or Carriages of wnatever Defcriptton, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails ot Lencis an i Exprcfi. s under the Authority of His Majclly’s Poftmafter General, either when tmployed in conveying, fetching, or guarding luch Mails or Exprcfles, or in return'ng back from conveying cue fame ; or for any Horlks, Carts, or Waggons amending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them, with their [L«. (s’ Per.J	"	n	N	Arms,

970

Tmftees may

Hie and be filed in the Kune of tiulr Clei k or Treasurer.

AH icntion ffC.M IVl.ll-t on vi-Keie t hc. diijg

«oo 1.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2	Qaf.55.

Arms, or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnlfbed by cr for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning Com the Place of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their reiptdife Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, ar.d Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fucn Corps rtfpedively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid; or for any Horfcs, Cart«, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal P.ifl'is; or for any Horfe, Catde, or Beaft drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caialh, Chair, or Paffenger on Horfeback, going to or returning from any El.dion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid Counties of Southampton and Berks, or either of them, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledion Iball begin or be concluded; and it any Perfon or P<*[fons fhall, in any fraudulent or coilufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Ad granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, a >d the other Moiety ihaii be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Ads and this Ad,

IX.	And be it further ensfted, That the faid Truffees may fue and be fued for or concernmg any Tiling to be done by virtue or in puifuance of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, in the Name of their Citric orTrea-furer fur the Time being ; and that no Adion or Suit to be brought c r commenced by the Diredion of or againfl: the faid TruffeeSj in the Name of thei' Cle k or Trealuter, fhall abaie or be ■difeontinued by the Death or Retm vj! of any fuch Clerk or Treafurer, nor by the Ad of fuch Cleric or Lea rner, Without the Confent of the Truffees, or any Five cr more cf them, b t tha: the Clerk or Treafurer for the Tune being to the faid Truffees, fha.l be,deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Adion.

X.	And be it further enaded, That if any Money fhall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-chjfed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, for the Purpofe thereof, which Hull belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any other Dif-ability or Incapacity, as in the faid recited Ads particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity ot the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truffees for executing the faid recited Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that luch Money (hall be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or H reditamenrs in the Furchafe of the Land Tax, or Difchirge of any De or or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the laid C’ou't lhall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or IF rediraments ftam.ing fettled therewith, to the fame or the hke Lies, Intents, or Pufi-

6	pofts,

47° GEGRGII HI. Seff.5. Cap. 55-	97*

pofrs; ji where fuch Money »0>all not be fo applied, then the Umf fhnj be L d out aiKi iovdifd under the like Dueclion and Approb- t on id the lai ! Court in thV[Ju cha:e of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredtamenrs, vk.iith fir.all be conveyed and Ictded to, for, and upon tuch and the like L'l-s, 1 ruiti, I tents, and Purpofes, and jn the fame Manner as th Lanas,

Tenements, and Me e.titan-,ents which lha'1 be fo purchTed, taken, or ufed a a "oreLid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of nuking fuch Conveyance and Settlement, (hall be exifting, undetermined, a no capable of taking Effect; .nd in the mean Time, and until Inch Pur-chafc . all be made, the fa:d Money (lull, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Lid Accountant General in Ins Ma rc, in the Purchgfe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidattd, or Three Poundsper (Jentttm R.duced Bank Annuities; and in the inr.,n Time, and until the (aid Bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the Lid Court to be Lid for the Purports aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the Lid Conf.Dated or Reduced. Bank Annuities (hall, from Time to Time, be p id by O der of th: laid Court to the Pcrfon or Pcrf ns who would for the Time being have bten entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby diicfted to be pur^hafed, in cafe fuch Purchuic or Settlement were made.

XI.	Provided alway', and be it further erased. That if any Money fo Application

agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- 1 e_ laments purcnaled, taken, or ufed for the Furpcfe aforefaid, and be- doesPnot*U°n lorgng to any Corporation, or to any Ftrfon or Perlons unJer D f- «ceea ,ool. ability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two	t*l,m

hundred P und , and (hall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then,

and m all fuch C.f s, the fame (hall, at the Option of the PeiTon or Pei funs for the Lime being entitled to the Rents and Prr fits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments L purchafed, taken, or uied, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardia s. Committee or Committees, in cale of Inf.ncy or Li ta.y, to he fignified in Writing under their refpeuivc Hand1, be paid i ito the Bank, in the Name and with the P i-vicy of the ;ai Accountant-General of the High Courc of Chancery, and be placed tr his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner haein-bcLre dnecied, or othcrwife the lame (ball be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trufiees, to be nomina'e ! by tire Perfon or Pcrfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the laid Trullees (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hand*, of the no: i ating a i ! appi: ving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividend i anfng thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-b.for: d reeled, lu far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII.	Provided alfc, and be it further enaded. That where fuch Money fo Application agreed or awaded to be paid as next brf>re mentioned (hall be lei's than 'j^* Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (nail be applied to thaiiwi! " the Ule of the Pei Ion or Perfons who would for die Time being have

been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purcnaled, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this Act, in luch Manner as the laid Truftees (hall think, fit j or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their

Guardian

972

111 cafe of not nisking out i i.iec;

dr ?f Perfons cannot i>e 1 uv.d. P.ir-chate M ney to be j>aid i »o rlie Bank i

jfuSect to the Order of tlie Court of Cha t try on

Mo 51 -» of Peddcij.

47°GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap. 55.

Go.rdian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the lift and Benefit cf fuch Perfon or Ptfl'uns iu entitled refpcctively.

XIII.	And be it further enaflrd, That in cafe the Perftn or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be run chafed by v;rtue of the faid Acls and this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (ha-1 net be able to make a good Title to the Prepiifes, to the SatLraciiori of the fud Trullees, or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe fuch Pcrfcn or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perlon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it flia'l and may be lawful to and for the laid Trullres, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aft relaid to be paid into the Bar.k < f Engird, in the Name and with the Privity of the At couniant-Gentr.d of the Court of Chancery, ro be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Pam-s interefled in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [d'fcribing ibc».~|, lubjeft to the Order, Contmul, ar.d Dtfpofition of the laid Court of Chancery ; which laid Court of Chancery, cn the Application of any Perlon or Perfons, making Cla m to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion,or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a‘lifmma y Way of Proceeding, or olherwife as to the fame Court fhall Idem nicer, to order the lame to be laid out and it.veiled in the Pubi c Funds, and to order Diftributicn thereof, or Payment of the Dividends theriof, r.ccort ing to the refpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or I itcieft of tne Ptrfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch otin-r Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall feem juft and reafunable; and the Cafliir or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall ece.ve luch Sum or Sums of Monty, is and are hereby required to give a Riceipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipecifying fur what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (had pay any fuch Sum cr Sums of M- ney into the Bank as afore laid.

Where anv

Queltuit (hat Mr tCJ (ouch ng «' t Tins o Monet t » «>e p .i h Per Ibn w h «h 11 b~ n P • cf» ft >n ot the

I Ml IS, &C.

a "-e

THlie of H»ch cii It,hull be <1 ctncJ eori led

Ct.CiC.0.

XIV.	P ovided always, and be it enafled, That where any Qutfticr. (hall ante, touching the Title cf any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bmk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of ihe Accountant G -nrral of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Acr, for the Purihafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or cf any Ellatr, Right, or Interrft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pu>chafed, in j urfui.iice of the f.id recited Ads and this Ad, cr to any Bank Annuities to be purchaftd with ary fuch Morey, cr the Dividends or l itereft of anv fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in PolTcflion ot fuch Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments a: the I ime of fuch Purchafe, and ail Perlons d liming under fucii Peifon or Pctf.ns, or under the P>fi rfiion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hd! be deemed and taken to hare tern hiwuliy entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to l . ch Pofieffion, until the comrary (hail i'e ftjewn to the Satisfaction ot the laid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Inte eft of the Bmk Annul :.-sto.be purchased with fuch Money, and alto the.Capita) of fuch flunk Annuities, final! be pa d, apphed, 2nd disputed cf accordingly,- uniefs it Tail be marie appear to the faid Court, m	.	that

$73

47° GEORGII III. Sclt.2. 'Cap. 5$;

that fuch Poflcflion was a wrongful Pofftffion, and that jome other Pijifun or Ptrlon* was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Land-, 1 cncmeiits, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftute or laccrelt therein.

XV.	Provided alfb, and be it en.ifted| That.where by re fon of anv Ti-e Court vt Dilability or Incapacity of the Ptrfon or Pcrfofis, or Corporation entitled

to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to, be purenafed under the ai g*. et„e, Authoiity ot the laid recited Ads and this Aft, the Purchafe Money ‘ for the fame (ball be required to be paid into the Court oWiilultoery, and Xruttcc.'. to be applied in the Purchafe tf other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purluance of the faid n cited Afts and this A ft, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of ail Purchafes from Time to 1 ime to be made in purfuance of the faid Afts and this Aft, or fo Siuc > of fuch Expences as the faid Court Ifcall deem rcafonable, td,be pard by the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, out cf the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, W'ho fliall, from Ti re to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money lor luch'Purpoles'-ss the faid Court fhall direct.

XVI.	And be it further ertafted, That all Pet fons who b,- Law are or rvrfm* l'fd4 (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lh^'1 be d|srac.ible towards ku“* repairing and amending the faid Road or any Pint tn-rror, lhall (till

remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, according rd the Pro-vifions of the faid firft recited Aft-, and it lhall and may be la*ful for any Two or mure Jufticcs of the Peace for the County in which the laid Road (hull be fituate, anu they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to rhem by the Lid Truftees, cr any Five or more of them, or by tbtir Treufurer, Clerk, rr Surveyor, yearly, to adjudge and oetermine what Fart or Portion cf the Statute Work fnaii every Year be dune upon the faid Road by the L.hab tarns of the rtfpeftive Panilies, Tuwnlhips, or Places in which the faid Road cloth lie, and alfo whut P (portion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch (Lrifb, Tcwnfhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fliall Jje by h m, her, or them paid to the Lid Traders, or to the r Trealurer or Treafurtrs -, and in order ihercunto, it fliall be lawful for fuch jultice?, from Time to Time, to lummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh, Townfhip. or Place, to bri g in Lills fcef re iucli Juftices at fome Place to be exprefled in fuch Summons, (within Ten Days after thrferving of fuch Summons), of the Names ot the leverat Per-foi s who within luch Parilh, Townflup, or Place, are by Law lubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of ;ny Money in lieu of, or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Woik, bift-nguiftung the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or other-wife, and a'fo t e Amount of the refpeclive Sums to be paid; which Lilts of Names f.ull be made in fuch Manner, and irtidcr luch Regulations and Keftriftions as are or may bedirefted by any Law cr Statute in Force or hffcft fur the Repairs of the publick Highways, and out cf futh Lilts the faid Jultices fliall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch am fo many of the Perlor.s who fliall appear fubj -ft and liable to Statute ^ ork as aforefaid, to do luch Number of Days Sta'utc Work in ev?ry [Loc. & iVr.J	11 0	Y’enr

i r_ „	At

4 i	*	"

974-	4-7°	GEORG!I III. SefT. 2. Cap.$5.

Yetjr upon th&faid Road as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable; and the ’ une fliall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times, (not being hi ne or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the laid TruUcts, or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall, from Time to Time, order, dn ft, or aopoint; and the faid Truftees (hall and may alio order and dirtftthe r Tons who by fuch Lifts fnall appear tube lubjeft and liable to the ment of any Money in lieu of or as a Contpufition for Stature Weik ,-s aforefaid, to pav fuch Proportion thereof as the laid Juftices (hall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Tunes as the faid Juftices (hall direft; and in Default of Payment there -r, the fame [hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpcftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Aft or this Aft authorized or directed' to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hail negleft or refule to do fuch Statute Work as atoreiaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, lhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Hones, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fub-jeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effeft for the Repair of thePublkk Highways •, and if any Perfon who fliall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Tearn or Draught to work on the laid Road, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and diimT; the Perlon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe, every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forte cures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refuted to come, rr fuch Team or Draughc had not been lent to work on any Fait cf the faid Road; all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the laid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road •, and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifnes, Townfhips, or Places lhall refule or wilfully negleft to give in luch Lifts as aforefaid, or fliall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfeft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For paying	XVII. And be it further enafted, That all the Charges and Expences

of'this Act 5	lining anc* pftkng this Aft, lhall be paid out of any Monies already

raifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or out of the firft Monies to aril'e by vi tue of the faid Afts and this Aft, in preference to all oiher • Payments whatfoever.

Publick Act. XVIII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fliall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Continuance XIX. And be it further enafted. That the faid Afts (fubjeft to the at this Act. Alterations and Amendments herein contained) fliall continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Reiidue now to come and

unexpired

%

♦	.	*'	"• "/ Jk u

,«S> ~	"	t	.	C’ * *

*	"\	->’.*r	r	'	<5

470 GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap.$$.

unexpired of the Term granted by the faid Afts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiians Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefly. 1807,

s* ,



‘

*	:	-f/f

- . *''* •* « '“ ■;'• ,'w- 4._	*	**£.

1 - * .. »' "> -• *

, , v -.. -<-» .3wT,m ”•	<•'■	m	js»	*	*	i

%t ‘ j •

# . . < -

—	7

* J	.	,	*

f.



* \

i. •	•



«rt> ♦ *«-	-	(i	-	4	y

:-n* * i	^

/Vw .	»<

H O «*	..•• ■<»**	a*

VV -





frw ,	•■	•	•	(b	- H	tMi r ;

■^jK' ;1

■

frl"* '"■•• 1	■	-	-M	-tP.	t	>1-.

.

“>	••><	.	*■	jn	af.

V .

ST ,*«r

T # •

* * ;

-► -J ,	...	HJJfilft

K* •	.,	»■>

H^jP *******

.	•	|j,.	^



•	,	>:/•	?	w	-1'	%	.	.	..

■■	:>•	.	V.'	'



■«•!*	.	■	/:	*	5L	.	.-rewgl'!

*♦ *t £>‘:	"	.	f	'STjl	*

•	.	<w..?	..	.	’sn.	-	*	•..	*	i	■

■ 9	-%'	C	♦

•>*	•'	.	;V	\	*	■••■•	t*	v,» A.

* . • : ■*. ... • . *; +* * •••• • ••



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

Seff. 2.

^yaHNt*«^»**»»*ili**************»********* *************

Cap. 5 6.

An A6t for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of Two Adts, of the Fifth

and Twenty-ilxth Years of His prefent Majefty,

fo far as the fame relate to the Road leading from

the River at Swathling, through Botley> to the

Turnpike Road at Sherril Heathy in the County

of Southampton.	[ift Augufi 1807.J

WHEREAS an Ad was palled in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 G-of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “An Ad for repairing and “ widening the Road leading from a Street called The Hun-'< dred, at Romjey, through Cbilwcrtb, to the River at Swathling, in the “ County of Southampton, and for connecting the fame with the Road “ leading from the City of Winchejler, through Hurfiey to Chandlers “ Ford, and from Hurjley aforefaid to the Turnpike Road at Romfey " aforefaid ; and alfo for repairing and widening the Road leading from “ the River at Swathling aforefaid, through Botley to the Turnpike “ Road at Shirriil Heath, in the faid County of SouthamptonAnd 26 G whereas an Ad was pafied in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Ma-jefty’s Reign, intituled, “ An Ad to continue the Term and Powers of an Ad made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the repairing, and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Shirriil Heath, in the County of SouthamptonAnd whereas great Progrels hath been made in the Execution of the faid Ad, fo far as the lame relates to the faid Road from the River at Swathling through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Shirriil Heath, and confiderable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the laid Road ; which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Road be eftedually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term and Powers of the faid Ads, fo far as che fame relates to the faid laft-mentiuned Road, arc further continued ■, May it therefore pleafe Your iLcc. & Per.]	11	P	Majefty,

918

Sa>d A£b forther cor. • tin ued.

General Exemptions.

47* GEORGII III. Serf!2. Cap. 56.

Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-Lmbled, and by the Authority of the lame. That the laid recited Adis, palled in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all the Powers, Provifions, Matters, and Things therein contained, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Road trom the River at Swatbiing through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sblrrill Heath (excepc fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo except fuch as are by this Aft varied, altered, or repealed), fhall be and the fame are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully arid effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft ; and this Aft, and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby made fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or hereafter to grow due, and to be borrowed on the Credit of the faid Afts, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Road from the River at S-ooatbling through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sbirrill Heath, together with the Intereft due and to grow due thereon refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted, That no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from Carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townlhips or Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manure employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or leiurning from Pafture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religin s Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the funeral of any Perfon that fhall die and he buried in any of the Parifhes in which the faid Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick. Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Miniflerial Duty on a Sunday-, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated or for any Horfes, Cat'ie, or Carriages of whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority 01 His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, r, ching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning ba k ■:< m conveying the fame; or for any Elorles, Carts, or Waggons atrer.di.ig any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carnage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; cr for any Horfe,. Mare, or Gelding furmfhed by or for any Perlons belonging to any

Corps

979

47° G E ORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 56.

Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of P.xercife; provided fuch Periods are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeff ively at the Time of claiming luch Exemption as afore-faid; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Paffes; or tor any Horfe, Cattle, or Beaft, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, Chair, or Paffenger on Horfeback, going to or returning from any Ele&ion of a Knight of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Soutb-ampton, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; and it any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied co the Purpofes of the faid Ads and this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who by Law are or Perfonsliabl* fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be chargeable towards to Statute repairing and amending the faid Road leading from the River at Swatb- '?’ork l. ling, through Botley to the Turnpike Road at Sbirrill Heath, or any Part w,th Repair* thereof, fhall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore j and of the Road, it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juflices of the Peace for the County in which the faid Road fhall be fituate, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treafurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpective Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places in which the faid Road doth lie 5 and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh, Townfhip, or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perlons who within luch Parifh, Townfnip, or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Wo,!, for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu ot or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftin-guifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the relpe&ive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftriclions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effedt for the Repairs of che publick Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubjedt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Stature Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame lliall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft), and in fuch Pans of the faid

Road,

q8o

47c GEORG 11 III. Sefl'.2. Cap, 56.

Road, as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fliall from l ime to Time order, direft, or appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjt 61 and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Com-pofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the 1 .id Juftices (hall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices fhall direft, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame lhall and may be recovered by Diftiefs andSale of the Goods and Chattels of the relpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Aft or this Act authorized or direfted to be recoveied; and each and every Perfon who lhall negleft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Vv 1 iting given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Piace or Places of Abode for that Purpofe by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effeft for the Repair of the publick Highways ; and if any Perfon who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the laid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle and negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Road; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes, Tcwnftups, or Places, fhall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfeft Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if any Money fhall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, and this Aft, for thePurpofes thereof, which lhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick or Pi 1 ion or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid fit ft recited Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Mone / (hail, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faiu Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court

fhall

Application of Compensation where amounting 10 £ 200.

47* GEORGII Hi; SefT.2. Cap. 56.	981

ftiill authorize to be paid affe&ing the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the lame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpol'es, or where fuch Money (ball not be lo applied then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the laid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and	lt

fettled, to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpoles, and in the fame Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making Iuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting, undermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchale (hall be made, the Laid Money (hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the laid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Conlolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the laid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpoles aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities lhalL from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the l ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchaled, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Money fo Application

agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchaf- where Corned, taken, or ufed for the Purpoles aforefaid, and belonging to any Cor-	th'an" '*

poration or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as p*2DO"ard aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceeds exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame £• zc-(hall at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled

to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountanc General of the High Courc of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwile the fame fhall be paid at the like Option to Two Trutlees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees (Iuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in • order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore direded, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where fuch Money Aplication fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next btfore mentioned fhall be lefs wlien th.e than Twenty Pounds, then and in all Iuch Cafes the fame ihall be applied

to the Ule of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being t an“’ have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments fo purchafedj taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid Ad and

(£«. fcf Per.]	11 ^	this

982

In cafe of not making out Titles.

Where any Qjeltior, (hdl arile touching the Title tj the Money to be paid) the Perfons who (hall be in Poffeflion of the Lands (hall be deemed to be entitled thereunto uolefs &c.

47° GEORGII III. Sefi.2. Cap. $ 6.

this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons lb entitled refpeftively.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, fhall refule to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be lb awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcriltng them], fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpoficion of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Ertate or Effaces, Title, or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Cathiers of the Bank of England who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and lpecifying for what and for whole Ul'e the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purthaled in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Per-lons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch I-ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PoflefTion, until the contraiy fhall be fhown to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be

13	purchafed

9 83

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap. 56.

purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and dii'pofed of accordingly, unlefs it ihall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch PoffdEon was a wrongful Pof-feflion, and that lome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to _fome Eftate or Intercfl therein.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Dil'ability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the laid recited Aft and this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame Ihall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ules in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court Ihall deem real'onable, to be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Acts and this Aft, who fliall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court Ihall direft.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all the Colts and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing this Aft Ihall be paid out of the Money collefted and received or to be collefted and received by virtue of the faid Acts or this Aft, upon the faid Road from the River at Swathlirg through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft Ihall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and Ihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juitices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft Ihall commence upon the paffing thereof, and Ihall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the faid Afts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

The Court of Chancery may order reafonable Expences of Purchafes to be paid by Trullees.

For paying the Expen, ces of this Aft.

Publick Aft.

Term of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1807.



.	'•	‘I1	:	•	v	•

-iunn f	v	'	',<	■	:	'Ms	!‘s“	;	:/■	f

f«.l lieu ‘	'	.	o	•	**•'

' ' atom

■ i \Iii mil n	oo	«•	t	t-'i	v

Jthfid ■	*	,■	‘	‘	!• '	li.l

'TSfil

r, ■	*	v

■

V- 'O	.■	•.•	vi	t;	?	i ‘







ifAiu'. i1



•»;u« ioi

oj i- ' i.	1	*	.	.	Li	i,'”o	•: i . :•»**''-!	■	'•	nui.1)	%

.

'	•’	•	; .	-i1	''	•••'('

i,flA> baa

. . i.	.	.	.	^.	....

•. ,j3, rfi i	*o so iyh« •' ■ • •*•

fTf If hid . W '

I!:c:!.. , .'j v 1: lias fi ' . •	>>>«•	<.	- ? rtd:

•ii j " • filial *ul \





■

.!«#». i . :	.. i . ■	..	rue	:

•ftoiib (1; .

- - . 10. . - •' : • / ••• ; > ■ . ' ...

. ■ . : . . t t . ; .

.ill} 1	->i	v	:	1.	.."	1	■;	1-	.	_f.	j-

.: i 51

1.

tVl I.:

.i^.AUU-	vv.	• •

IT;	.

n •. j -

f) • I > ..t •

*5	,«\V.;	>»!

... i ?'

... ' 1 - • - - '...............................< . ? . ■ ••

-	A**'	'	•■-	   •-	>	:>	I

s'.v ;**.i	■	i	i	’■	■■	f	.-rg	s	.	i

.

«- - '-------------------------  ‘j	•	■■;>	>	-	v-■'**-	•	A	*	■	.	r	-	-	f.y.-i

.Jtfci Bf-.v.ir . rw!i . o*	•	'	>





» tj i • •	i	<J	-	k	J**	'

t 7.!: - r .	"	:	*/r	!'u.	r.

..... I	-	14	3A

.10 I02 . .. I!. ; 0113 i

•ro.’i u i i .1 ..., ;



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.

#•****»* *********** SMS’S**************** ****************

An Ad for veiling feveral Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties or Lincoln, Suffolk, and Effex, Parts of the fettled Edates of the Right Honourable Frederick WtHium Earl of Briffol, in Truftees, upon Truft to fell, and tor laying out the Monies ariling from fuch Sales in the Pur chafe of more convenient Eftates, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the Right Honourable George William Earl of Brijlo!, being feifed. in Fee Simple famongft other Manors ar.d Hereditaments in the Counties of Suffolk, Lincoln, and EJfe::') of the Manors of Great and Lilli: We:.don, theAdvowfon of theRe&ory of LillleTVendsn, and the Advowfon of theVifcafage of GreatWenden, and divers r'ai ms,Lands, and Hereditaments in Wcndon, in the 'aid County of EJex, and of divers Manors and Hereditaments in the laid County of Lincoln, duly made and publifhed his Iaft Will and Tcftament in Writing, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of 0feeler Ore thcufar.d fcven hundred and feventy-three, and fo aitefted as to pafs Real Eftates, and thereby he gave and cievifed all his Manors and Freehold Mefluugts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of S.f.ik, Lincoln, and Effex, to the Right Honourable George William Earl of Coventry, and Vere Lord Jerc, their Executors, Adminillrators, and A Signs, for the Term cl Five hundred Years, with-

[ I ft Auguft 1807.]

[Lee. fif Per.J

11 R

out

9$6

47nGEOR.GII III. Seit 2. Cap. s 7.

out Impeachment of Wafle, upon the Trufts after-me:iticncd, and fubjeel thereto, the laid Teftator deviled all his laid Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, and alfo his Copyholds of Inheritance in the laid Counties, or either of them, to his Brother the Honourable Augujhis John Hervey, afterwards the Right Honourable Augtjlus John Earl of Brijlol, for his Lire, without Impeachment of Wade, with Remainder to the mod Nobic Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, and tile Right Honourable George Buffiy Earl of Jerfey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Augujhis John Hervey, afterwards Earl of Brijlol, in Trull to preferve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to theFirll and other Sens of the faidAugufius John afterwardsEarl of Brijlol, in Tail Male fucceflively; with Remainder to the Teliator’s Brother, the Honourable and Right Reverend Frederick then Lord Bilhop of Derry in Ireland, and afterwards the Right Honourable Frederick Earl of Brijlol for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the laid Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton and George Buffey Earl of Jerfey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Frederick afterwards Earl of Brijlol, in Trull, to prefer ve'Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Teftator’s Nephew, John Augujhis Hervey, afterwards commonly called Lore/ Hcrve", elded Son of the faid Frederick aftei-wards Earl of Brijlol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite ; with Remainder to the faid Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, and George Buffey Earl of Jerfey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid John Augujius afterwards Lord Hervey, in Truft, to preferve the Contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the Firll and other Sons of the faid John Augujhis afterwards Lord Hervey, in Tail Male fucceflively ; with Remainder to the Teftator’s Nephew Frederick William Hervey, now the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Brijlol, Second Son of the faid Frederick then Lord Bilhop of Derry, afterwards Earl of Brijlol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite ; with Remainder to the faid Augujius Henry Duke of Grafton, and George Buffey Earl of Jerfey, and their Heirs, curing the Life of the faid Frederick William now Earl of Brijlol, in Trull, to preierve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Firll and other Sons of the faid Frederick William now Earl ot Brijlol, in Tail Male fucceflively ; with Remainder to thei’hird and other Sons of the laid Frederick afterwards Earl of Brijlol, in Tail Male fucceflively; with Remainder to the Teftatar’s Brother the Honoursbl&William Hervey, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the laid Augufius Henry Duke of Grafton, and G :rge Buffey EarlofJerfey, and their Heirs, during the Life of the hid Willi am Hervey, in 'Fruit, to preferve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Firll and other Sens of the faid William Hervey in Tail Made luc-ceflively ; with Remainder as to all and Angular the faid Teftator’s Manors, and Freehold and Copyhold Mefl’uages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, m the faid Counties of Suffolk and Lincoln, to the Teliator’s Uncle the Honourable Thomas Hervey, for his Lift, without Impeachment of Waite ; with Remainder to the laid Augujhis Henry Duke of Grafton and George Buffey Earl of Jerfey, and their Heirs, during the Life dt the faid Tlomits H.rvcy, in Truli, to preferve the Contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to WiHiam Hervey, Son of the faid Thomas Hcrve", lot his Life, without Impeachment of Walk ; with Remainder to the faid Augustus H-.nry Duke •of Grafton and George Buffey Earl of jerfey, and their Heirs, during the Life Or the faid William Hervey, the Son ol the faid Thomas Hervey, in Trull, to preferve Contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the Firll and other Sons of the faid William Hervey, the Son of the fiu'

Tbonus-

9q

4'° GEORG 11 III. Seflt 2.

Thomas Hervey, in Tail Male fuccelhvely '; with ReSfiiiiJtr to ’.lie Second and other Sans of the laid Thomas Hervey, in Tail Ma o luceefliveiy 5 with' Hemainder to the Teftator’s Uncle, the Honourable si;//«»» lier-vey, t»*r his Life, without Impeachment of Walt; ; with Remainder to ilie ink! Augustus Hairy Duke of Grafton, and Gergs Buijey Earl of Jerfey, and their Heir?, during the Life of the Liu IVUliam Hervey, the. Uncle, in Truft, to prelcrve the Contingent Remainders ; with Retn.iin.der to the l’irft and other Sons of the Lid William Hervey, the Uncle, in 'lad Male iuccD-lively ; with Remainder to the Teftator’s Coufin Henry Hervey Aston, the Son of the Teiiator’s late Uncle Hairy Hr icy, otherwife Aston, decealed, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite ; with Remainder to the laid Augustus Henri Duke of Grafton and George Buff'cy F.arl of Jerfey, and Weir Heirs, during'the Life of the fai l Henry Hervey Aston, in Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Teltator’s Coufin, Henry Hervey Ait. Son of the faid Henry Hervey Aston, for his Life, withe a; Impeachment of Wafte; with Remainder to the faid Augustus tlenr Duke of Grafton and George Bujfey Earl of Jerfey, and their I Lira, during the Life of the faid Hairy Hervey Aston the Son, in Truft to preferve the Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Firft and other Sons of the faid Hairy Hi racy Asia: the Son, in Tail Male fucceflively ; with Remainder to the Second and other Sons of the faid Henry Hervey Aston. the Father, in Tail Alale fuccetlirdy ; with Remainder to the Teftatcr’s Uncle, the Honourable and Reverend C/Airies Hervey, for his Life, without Im: eachment of Waft.: ; w ith Remainder to the faid Augustus Hairy Duke oi G aft on, and George 1hefty Karl of Jerfey, and their I loirs, during the Life of the fa d Charles Hervey. in Trait, to preferve Contingent Remainder,: ; with Remamdir to the First and other Sons of the fii AGlurles Have-, inTail Male fuccd..reh ; with Remainder to the leftator’s Coutir., Feitui Lime! Hervey, Sen cf the Te.rater’s late Unc'e, the Honourable Fel.cn Hervey, for his Life, without impeachment of Wafte ; with Remainder to the faid Ammtus Hairy Duke of Grafton and George Buffcy Karl of Jerfey, and their Heirs, daring the life of the laid fir liar. Lionel Hervey, in Trull to preferve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Firft and other Sons of the laid Felton Lionel Hervey, in Tail Male luc-celtively ; with Remainder to the right Heirs of the faid Teftator forever : And thefaid Teftator thereby* gave, deviled, and -bequeathed, all and lingular his laid Manors, Mefftiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the laid County of EJfex, from and after the Determination of the feveral thereinbefore limited Ellates and Bvereits in the fame, to the faid Felton Lionel Hervey, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte; with Remainder to die laid. Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton and George BuJJiy Earl oi Jerfey, and their lleirs, during the Life of the faid Felton Lior.tl Hervey, in '1 r-uft to preferve the Contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the Firft and other Sons cf ti.c faid Felton Lionel Hervey, in Tail Male fucetllivtiy ; with Remain, cr to the fame Perlon and lferions, and for the fame LRates and Interells, and under and fubject to the fame Trufts, Conditions, Pro-vifoet, end Limitations, as and to whom his Manors and Hereditaments, in the faid Counties of Si folk and Lincoln, in Default of It Vue Male cl His laid Three Bi others, were and flood fettled and limited by his faid Will, except as to theEilates thereof limited ro the laid Felton Lionel Have': and Ls lifue Male, which, as to his (the TeftatorVj laid Manors, Land'., and Hereditaments, in the laid County of Effete, were 10 take place immediately after Default oi lifue Male cf his faid Brothers: And he Lid Teftator. in

and

9S8

47* GEORG 11 HI. ScfT. 2. Cap, 57.

and by hi3 faid Will, willed and directed that it fliould be lawful for his faid Brother, the faid Augustus John afterwards Earl of Bristol, and all and every the Perfons aforefaid relpe<ftively, when in PoffeiLon of the faid Freehold Premifes, to limit or appoint any clear annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge not exceeding One thoufand Pounds a Y ear, to be ifiuing out of and charged upon all or any Part or Parts of his (the faid Teftatnr’s) laid Manors, Meffuages, and Hereditaments, in the faid Counties of Sirf/iU and Lincoln, unto or to the Ufe of any Woman or Women that he fliould marry and take to Wife, durng the Life or Lives of any lush Woman or Women refpeftively, for her or their Jointure or Jointures, fo as luch annual Sum or Rent Charge fliould refpeSivelybe without Prejudice to the fevtral Annuities or yearly Sums in and by his faid Will given and devifed out of the faid Premiles, and herein-after mentioned : And the faid Teftator dire&ed that the Will of the Right Honourable John Lord Hervey, his late Father, Ihould be fully performed, and did appoint, bequeath, and deviic that the feveral Legacies and Annuities therein and thereby given and bequeathed, which fliould remain unfatisfied at his (the Teftator’s) Death, Ihould be duly paid to the feveral Legatees and Annuitants therein named, and to thole Ends, Intents, and Purpofes the Teftator willed and declared, that the Term of Five hundred Y ears, therein-before devifed to the faid Earl of Coventry and Lord Fere, was fo tievifed to the n, upon Truft, that they the faid George William Earl of Coventry and Fere Lord Fere, their Executors, Adminillrators, and Ailigns, fliould, by and out of the Rents and Profits of the faid Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, or by Sale or Mortgage of fuch Part or Parts of his laid Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as to them fliould feem convenient, and Ihould be fufficient for that Purpofe, pay and difeharge all his (the Teftator’s) juft Debts, and the feveral other Annuities and Legacies aforefaid, and luch as are in the Teftator's Will after mentioned, namely, the Tefta'or gave to his Sifter Lady Mulgrave One thoufand Pounds: And the faid Teftator willed and declared, that the faid George William Earl of Coventry and Fere Lord Vere, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, fliould, after the Death of his faid Brother, the faid Frederick aferwards Earl of Bristol, raileand levy, by the Ways and Means aforc-menticned, or any of them, the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds for the Portions of all and every the Children of the Body of the faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, to be {hi red and divided aniongft them, in luch Parts and Proportions as the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol fliould, in Manner therein mentioned, direft or appoint ; and in Default of fuch Direction and Appointment, then the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds to be equally divided amongft the faid Children, Share and Share alike, to be paid at fuch Times, and with fuch Benefit of Sur-vivorlhip, as therein mentioned ; and upon further Truft, that the faid Earl ol Coventry and Lord Fere, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Aliigns Ihould, by and out of the Rents, Hides, and Profits of the Refldue of the fame Premifes, over and above what fliould be fufficient for Payment of the Teftator’s Debts and Legacies aforefaid, raife and pay the feveral Annuities or yearly Sums of Money after-mentioned, to the refpec-rive Legatees or Annuitants after-named, for their refpetftive Lives, (namely), to the faid Frederick afterwards Ear) of Bristol, an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds; to the Teftator’s faid Brother William Hervey, One Annuiiy of Three hundred Pounds; to the Right Honourable Lady Mary Fitzgerald, by the Name of his Sifter Lady Mary Fitzgerald, One Annuity of lhreehundred Pounds; to the Right Honourable Lady Emily Hervey, by the Name of his Siltor Lady Emily Hervey, One Annuity of

4C° GECUvG II III. SciL 2, tf&p. 5J.

One hundred Pounds; to the Right Honourable Lady C.,.-u/.v Hervey, by the Name cf his Silk. Lady Caroline liervey, One Annuity ot One hundred Pounds; and the Teftatcr’s Will was, that the Survivor oi his filters, Lady Emil/ Hcrvey and Lady Caroline Hervey, ih ul-i liu we and enjoy the Annuity tiiereby bequeathed to Uie deceaied Siiier, iroiu the lime of her Death, for the Life of her rise laid furviving Sifter; the Lid feveral Annuities to be paid, clear of Deductions, quarterly, on the Days therein mentioned ; and the Teftator willed, that the Lid Truftces of the faid Term, fhould permit the overplus Rents of the faid Premifes to be received by fuch Pcrfon and i’erfons refpectrvely, to whom the next and immediate Lltatein Reverfion or Remainder of and in the fame Premifes expectant upon the Determination of the fame Term fhould, for the lime being belong j and after reciting that his, the faid Teftator s late Grandfather, the Right Honourable John Earl of Briftol, had by his Will given and deviled all his Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to him the faid Teftator, George William Earl of Bristol, for hisLife, with Remainder to Truftees, to preierve Contingent Remainders, and after theTeflator’sDeceafe, to the Fi iff and other Sons of his Body, with the like Limitations to the faid Teftator’s laid Brother, the faid Augustus John afterwards Eai‘1 oi Bristol, the Lid Frederick afterwards alfoEarl of Bristol, and the Teftator’s faid Brother William Hcrvey, and their I flue Male, with divers Remainders over ; and that Part of the Eftate devifed by the Will of the Teftators laid Grandfather was fubjeot to and charged with feveral Mortgages, for fecuiing the Payment of divers very large Sums of Money ; and that the TeftaroPs late Father John Lord Hervey, to whom the Teftator was Executor and Refiduary Legatee, did, in the Life-time of his the Teftator’s Grandfather, by and with his own Money, pay and difc’narge Part of fuch Mor gages, and that other Part thereof had been difeharged by the Teftator lmce the Death of his Lid Father; and that the Teftator had taken Alignments, or other Conveyances, of all fuch Mortgages, fo paid off as aforeftiid, to feveral Perfons, in Truft, for the Teftator his Heirs, Executor-, and Adminiftrators ; he the Teftator did, by his laid Will, order and direct, that in cafe the other Parts of his Per-fonal Eftate andof his faid Real Lllutes therein-before devifed fliould not be fuf-ficient to pay his Debts and the feveral Legacies and Annuities before by him given and bequeathed, then the Deficiency (hould be raifed aid made good out of the Monies due on the faid Mortgages ; and the laid Teftator declared his Mind and Will to be, that after the faid Debts, Legacies, and Annuities, were fully fatisfied and paid, the Refidue of the Monies due upon the fame Mortgages fhould fink, and the faid Eftates be for ever difeharged therefrom, for the Benefit and Advantage of fuch Perfons as fliould be entitled to the Pofleffion of the fame Eftates under the Will of his faid Grandfather, or that his the faid Teftator’s own Will; and the faid Teftator gave and bequeathed all the Refidue of his perfonal Eftate and Effects, fub-jedt to the Payment of his Debts and the feveral Legacies and Annuities therein before mentioned, unto liis faid Brother, the laid Augustus John afterwards Earl of Brijlol, and appointed his faid 1 hree Brothers, the faid Augustus John afterwards Earl of Bristol, the faid Frederick Bifhop of Derry, aifo afterwards Earl of Bristol, and William Hervey, Executors of his faid Will ; and that the faid Teftator, George William Earl of Bristol, by a Codicil to his faid Will, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of October One thouLnd feven hundred andfeventy-three, and alfo duly artefted, fo as to pafs Real Eftates, after taking Notice of the faid Term of Five hundred Years created by his faid Will, by the faid Codicil declared, ordered, [loc. isf Per.'}	ii	S	and

99°	47*	G E ORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cv.p. 57.

and directed, that his laid Truftee's, of the faid Term, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, fhould by and out of the Rems, Ifiues, and Profits, of his faid Manors and Hereditaments, over and above the feve-ral Legacies and Annuities in and by his faid Will charged thereon, pay the Legacies therin mentioned; and fhould alfo pay to the Teftator’s Houfekeeper, Mary Bristow, if living with the Tefiator at i is Death, for her Life, an Annuity of Forty Pounds; to the Teftator’s Butler Alexander Robsrtfm, if living with the Testator at his Death, for his Life, an Annuity of Thirty Pounds ; and the. Tefiator thereby fubjected and charged all and lingular his faid Manors and Hereditaments with the Payment of the faid feveral Legacies and Annuities : And whereas, on the Eighteenth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, the faid Tcftatpr George IVAHam Earl of B> ijhtl dieu a Bachelor, and thereupon his Brother and Heir at Law, the laid Amimus "John, who then became Earl of Bift of alone duly ptoved the faid Will and Codicil of the faid George William Eatl of Brijhl, in the Prerogative Court of tile Archbifhop of Canterbury, and took Pofi'dlion of all his Perfona! Eftate and EffeQs, and thereout paid all the laid TefatoPs Debts and Legacies, except the faid Legacy or Sum of Ten th . -aid Pounds, direited to be paid to the Children of the faid Frederick Lard Bifhop of Derry, afterwards Earl of Brijlol, and except the feveral Annuities by the faid Wiil and Codicil given : And whereas on the Twenty-fecond Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the faid Auguius John Earl of Brill ol died, without leaving any ltfue of his Body, whereupon his Brother and Heir at Law, the faid Frederick Iiervey Lord Bilhop of Derry, became Earl of Brijlol: And whereas the faid Frederick Earl of Brijlol, on the Twenty-firft Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, duly proved the faid Will of the faid Tefiator George William late Earl of Brijlol in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bifliop of Canterbury, Power being referved of making the like Grant to the faid William Hcrvcy, the Brother of the fai l Tefiator, and the other Executor named in the faid Will: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date refpectively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, the laid Indenture of Releafe being of Six Parts, and made between the faid F ederick then Eari of Bri 'ol, of the firft Part; the faid John Augujlus Lord Iiervey, of the fe-cond Part ; Thomas Ryder Gentleman, of the Third Part ; Thomas Penny-Jlone Gentleman, of the fourth Part; the Right Honourable Wilmot Earl of Lifburne, and the Right Honourable Conjtantine Lord Mulgrstve, of the fifth Part ; and the Right Honourable John now Earl of Erne, then Lord Erne, and Sir Charles Davers Baronet, who is fince deceafed, of the fixth Part ; and by virtue of Three common Recoveries for the- Counties of Middlefex, Lincoln, and Suffolk, the feveral Manors of Barrow and Feltons in Barrow, Overhall and Neiherall in Shot ley, Bockinghall i:i AJh otherwile AJhbocking otherwife Becking AJh, the Manfion Houfe called lek-.jorth Lodge, hkworth Park, the Advowfon of the Church of Shot/cy, a Farm called J’eft ley Barrow Hall Farm, in Barrow, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in Barrow, a Farm in Sptoughton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in Sprougbion, and the Advowfon of the Rcftcry of Sproughton, and feyeral Metfuagts, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in AJhbocking, in the County of Suffolk, and divers Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Newton, Fleet, Wilford, ScndingTojiand 0	in

4/° GE0RG1I III. fcM 1	571

in Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, were. tcgrtker wuh tlic Caftle of Old Sleaford in the faid County of Lincoln, fnd other Minors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in he faid Gourdes or Stffol’ and Lincoln, and in the County of Midd .v, limited and -tried to the Wes frdl 'tvfng, (that is'to fay) ; as to and c ncemihg the i.„d Caftle, Manors, and Hereditaments, in the faid County of Lincoln, to the 5 fe and Intent that the hud John Augustus I,ird Hervey fhould receive and tak? thereout a clear annual Sum oryearly Rent ofTwo thoufamrPounds, during the joint natural Lives of him and the faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, with the ufual Powers of Diftrefs and Entry for fecuring the Pavmer.t of the fame annual Sum ; and to tlie further Intent that the Right Honourable Elizabeth Hervey, commonly called Lady Hervey, then the Wife of the laid John Augustus Lord Hervey, and now his Widow, if fhe furvived the faid John Augustus Lord Hervey, might and (hould, from and immediately after his Deceafe, out of the faid Hereditaments, in the faid County of Lincoln, have, receive, and take, yearly during her Life, for her Jointure, and in bar of Dower, but without Prejudice as therein mentioned, one clear annual Sum or yearly Rent of One thoufand two hundred Pounds,'to be yearly iffuing and payable out of the faid Hereditaments, and to be payable quarterly on the Days therein mentioned, clear of Taxes, with the like Powers of Diftrefs and Entry ; with Remainder to the faid John now Earl of Erne, then Lord Erne, and Sir Charles Dovers, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Af-figns, for a Term of One hundred Years upon Truft, for better fecuring the fame Rent Charges ; and as to, for, and concerning the faid Caftle, Manors, and Here i*aments in the faid County of Lincoln, charged as aforefaid, and fubject to the faid Term and alfo as to, for, and concerning the faid Manors and Hereditaments in the faid Counties of Suffolk and MUdlefex, to the Ufe of the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol, and his .Afligns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade ; with Remainder to the faid Wilrnot Earl of Lifts urns and Constantine Lord Mulgravc, and their Heirs, during the Life bf the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol in Truft, to preferve contingent Remainders ; with Remainder, as to the faid Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk (except the Manfion Houfe ai:d Park at Tekworth), to the Ufe and Intent that the Right Honourable Elizabeth Countefs of Bri/hl, then the Wife of the faid Frederick Earl of Brijhil, but ftnee dcceafed, if fire furvived the laid Frederick Earl of Bristol, might from and immediately after the Death of the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol, out of the faid Manors and Hereditaments,-in the faid County of Suffolk (oilier than and except the faid Manfion Houfe and Park of Ickwortb, and Appurtenances), have, receive, and take yearly during her Life, for her Jointure, and in bar or Dower, a clear annual Sum or yearly Rent of Two thoufand Pounds, to be iffuing out of the fame laft-mentioned Manors and Hereditaments, and payable quarterly, on the Days therein mentioned, with the ufual Powers of Diftrefs and Entry ; with Remainder to the faid John Earl of Erne and Sir Charles Davers, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years upon Truft, for better fecuring the faid laft-mentioned Rent-charge ; and as to the faid Manors and Hereditaments in the laid County of Stffclk, fubject and charged as aforelaid ; and the faid Manfion Houfe and Park in the faid County of Suffolk, and likewife the faid Caftle, Manors, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and MiJdlcfex, from and after the Death of the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol, to the Ufe of the laid John Augujlus Lord Hervey, for his

99*	4.?°GEORGII	III.	Seff.	2. Cap. 57.

Life, without Impeachment of Wafte; with Remainder to the fa id Wilmot Earl ofLJburne, and Conflantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid John Augustus Lord Hcrvey, in Truft t-> preferve contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the firit and other Sons of the faid John Augujhis Lord Hervey in Tail Male fuccefiively ; with Remainder to the faid Frederick William Hcrvey now Earl of Bridal, the l'econd Son of the laid Frederick then Earl of Bristol far his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte ; with Remainder to the faid Truftees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, In Truft, to preferve the contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the firft and other Sons of the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bnftol, in Tail Male, fuccefiively; with Remainder to the Third and other Sons of the faid Frederick then Earl of Brijlol, in Tail Male, fuccelfively ; with Remainder to the Ufeof the faid William Hcrvey, Brother of the laid Frederick Earl of Brijlol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte; with Remainder to the faid kVilmot Earl of UJburne and Conjlantine Lord Midgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid William Hervey, in Trull, to fupport contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the firll and other Sons of the faid William Hervey, in Tail Male, fuccefiively ; with Remainder to the faid William Hervey, the Son of the befoie-named Thomas Hervey deceafed, late Uncle of the faid Frederick Earl of Brijlol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte; with Remainder to the fold Wilmot Earl of Lifburne and Conjlantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid William Hervey. the Son in Truft, to preferve erntir gent Remainders ; with Remainder to the firft and other Sons of th ’ T named William Hervey, in Tail Male, fuccefiively ; with Remained'- to the before named Henry Uervey Ajlon, Son of the faid Henry Hcrvey otherwifi; Ajlon, late Uncle of the (aid Frederick Ear! of B istol, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite ; with Remainder tr the Life of the before named Henry Hervey Ajlon, Son of the faid laft-na i ad Henry Hervey Aflon, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte ; with Remainder to the faid Wiimot Earl of Lijburne, and Conflantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs during the Lives of the find Henry Hervey A/lon, and Henry Hervey Ajlon refpectively, and the Life of the Survivor of them in Truft, to preferve contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the firft and other Sons of the laid Henry Hervey Ajlon, the Son, in Tail Male fuccef-fively ; with Remainder to the fecond and other Sons of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon, the Lather in Tail Male fuccefiively ; with Remainder to the faid Charles Hervey for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Wilmot Earl of Lisburne, and Conflantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Charles Hervey, in Truft, to preferve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the firft and other Sons of the faid CbaAcs Hervey, in '1'ail Male fuccefiively ^ with Remainder to the faid Felton Lionel Hcrvey, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite ; with Remainder to the faid Wilmot Earl of Lisburne and Constantine Lord Mulgrave, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Felton Lionel Hervey, in Truft, to preferve the contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the-firft and other Sons of the find Felton Lionel Hervey„ in Tail Male fucctfiively ; with Remainder to the right Heirs of the faid George William late Earl ofBrijlol-, in which faid Indenture of Releafe is contained a Power enabling the laid Frederick Earl of Bristol to make a Jointure on any future Wife or Wives,

in

993

47* GEORG 11 III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 57.

In cafe he fhould furvire the faid Elizabeth Countefs of Brijlol; and trie like Power to the faid John Angujhu Lord Hervey, in cafe he Ihotdd furvive the faid Elizabeth Lady Hervey ; and alfo a Power to the laid John Augustus Lord Hervey to limit and appoint any of the faid Manors and Hereditaments in the faid County of Lincoln to any Peri'on or Perlbns, for any Term of Years, to commence from his Death, inTruft, to raiicany Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thoufand Pounds, for the Portion or Portions of his Child or Children, not being an eldeft or only Son ; in purfuance of which laft mentioned Power, the faid John Augustus Lord Hervey made an Appointment, under which Appointment the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds was railed by Mortgage of Several of the Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, in the faid Indenture contained, but not any Part of the Hereditaments by this Att authorized to be fold as herein-after mentioned ; and in the fame Indenture of Releafe is contained a Power to the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol, and John Augustus Lord Hervey, to borrow and take up at Intereft, on the Credit of all or any of the faid Callle, Manors, aud Hereditaments (except the faid Manfion Houfc and Park) any Sum not exceeding Ten thoufand Pounds, and to create a Term for le-curing the fame ; under which laft-mentioned Power the Sums of Three thoufand Pounds and Two thoufand Pounds were raifed, and a Term of Two thoufand Years, which was created in the fame Manors and Hereditaments comprized in the faid Indenture of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, (except as aforefaid), for fecuring the faid Three thoufand Pounds and Two thoufand Pounds, making together Five thoufand Pounds ; and which Mortgage is now vefted in Francis Gojling and William Gojling, of Fleet Street, London, Bankers : And in the lame Indenture of Releafe, of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, a Power is given to the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, and the faid IVilHam Hervey the Brother of the faid Frederick late Earl of Brijlol, IViliiam Hervey the Son of the faid Thonnit Hervey, Henry Hervey Aston the Father, Henry Hervey Aston the Son, Charles Hervey, and Felton Lionel Hervey, refptftivelv, when in Pei-feflion, to limit or appoint any Rent or annual Sum, not exceeding the clear yearly Sum of One thoufan 1 two hundred Pounds, to be ilfuing out of the faid Caftle, Manors, and Hereditaments (other than and except the faid capital Marficn Houle and Park at lekvuorto), to the Life of any Woman or Women whom he or they fhoula refpec-tively marry, for her or their Jointure or Jointures, and in Bar >i DoweT ; but neverthelefs fo that there be not by virtue of the faid Indenture, or the Powers therein contained, more than Two Jointures fubfifting and payable at one and the fame Time ; and in and by the fame Indenture of Releafe Power is given to the faid Wilmot Karl of Lif-burne and Conjlantine Lord Mttlgrave, with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol and John Augustus Lord Hervey, or the Survivor of them, to fell and dilpofe of, and to grant and convey in Exchange, the faid Cattle, Manors, and Hereditaments (other than the faid Manfion Houfe and Park at let worth'), and to invert the Monies to arife from fuch Sales in the Purchafe of other Lands; and the faid Lands fo to be purchafed, and the Lands to be taken in Exchange, to be conveyed ami fettled to the fame Ufes as the faid Caftle, Manors, and Bere-[Loo is? Per.]	u	T	ditaments.

994

47* GEORGIA III. Sell. 2. §ap.$7.

ditanients, were by the fame Indentures of Leafc and Releafe .conveyed, fettled, and affured to, for, and upon ; and in and by the fame In-denture of Releafe the faid F> ederick late Earl of Bristol and John Augustus Lord Hervey covenanted with the faid IVilmot Earl of Lisburne and Constantine Lord Mul”rave, their Heirs and Affigns, to bar the Eftates Tail in the Copyhold Lands and Tenements which were then-tofore the Eltate of the faid John Earl of Bristol, the Grandfather of tile faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, and to furrender the fame to the Ufe of the fame Perfon and Perfons, and for the fame Eftate and Eftates, as by virtue of the Limitations therein contained would be entitled to the Manors and Hereditaments in the faid County of Suffolk thereby limited, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Tenure would pe’-mit: And whereas the faid John Augustus Lord Heryey died on the Tenth Day of January One tftoufand feven hundred and ninety-#*, without leaving any Iifuc Male ol his Body, but leaving the faid Elizabeth Lady Herve) his Widow : And whereas,the faid Elizabeth Counted of Frisfpl the faid Wife of the faid Frederick Earl pf Bristol, died on the Nineteen!# Day of December One thoufand eight hundred : And whereas the faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, (who intermarried yvith Elizabeth Davers, Spinfter,', died on the Eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and three, without having married again, and left the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, his fecond and youngeft Son, his Heir Male, who thereupon became Earl of Bristol, and by virtue qf the Limitations contained in the faid Will of the faid George William late Earl of Brifiol, and in the faid Indenture of Releafe of the faid Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, became feifed as Tenant for Life, in Poftellion of and in the aforefaid Caftle, Manors, and Hereditaments, in the Hid Counties of EJfex, Suffolk, Lincoln, and Middlefex : Aijd whereas the laid IViUiam Hcrvey, the Brother of the faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, and one of the Executors of the iaidjTuftator George William Earl of Bristol, hath fince the D: ath of the Lid FrcderickE&rl of Bristol, duly proved the faid Will and Codicils of the faid Teftator George W'dliapi Earl of Brifiol, in the faid Prerogative Court of the Archbiftiop oiCaiitsr-bury. An ! whereas all the Debts and Legacies of the faid John Lord Hcrvey, who died in or about the Year One thoufand feven hundred and forty-three, have been long fince paid and fatisfied, and the Annuities by the faid 'John 1 ord Hcrvey’s faid Will given are determined by the Deaths of the Annuitants, except an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to each of the faid John Lord lleryey's Daughters, the faid Lady Caroline Hcrvey, and ihe faid l ady Emily Hcrvey, both of whom are living, ynd have not been married, payable until they fhould rtfpcdtiydy die or marry ; and except an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds payable to the laid Wfl-Ham Hervey, One of the younger Sons of the faid John Lord Hcrvey, during his Life who is alfo living ; and no Arrears on the fyid determined Annuities remain due: And whereas all the Debts of the laid Teftator George William Earl of Bristol have been long fince paid and fatisfied, and alfo all the Legacies lo given by him as aforefaid, except Annuity Legacies, and except the faid Sum of Tea thoufand Pounds by the faid Will of the faid Teftator George William Earl of Bristol, dire fled to be raifed and paid for the Children of the faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, have alfo teen long fince paid ; and as to the faid Annuities given by the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Teftator George William

: '	. Lari

47* GEORGII III. Sell; 2. Cap. 57.

Earl of Bristol, the fame are .determined by the Deaths of .the Annuitants, except the aforefaid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds, payable to ti^ faid WUliamHervey, the Brother of.the faid Tellator Gsurge William i.^rl cf Brijlcl; the aforefaid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to the Right Honourable Lady Alary Fitzgerald, the faid Deflators Siller ; the aforefaid Annuity of One hundred Pounds eacli to the faid Ttftators Sifters, the laid Lady Emily Her‘icy and Lady Caroline Hervey ; and no Arrears are remaining due on any of the determined Annuities la(t-mentioned: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of August One thoufand eight hundred and three, made between the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol and the Right Honourable Elizabeth Altana Countels of Bristol his W ile, of the one Part, and the Right Honourable Robert Banks Lord Hawkejbury and Sir Charles William Roufe Boughton Baronet, of the other Part; he the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol did grant and demife unto the faid Robert Banks Lord Hawkejbury and Sir Charles William Roufe Boughton, their Executors, Adminiilrafors, and Afiigns, all that the Caftle, and all and fingular the Manors and Hereditaments compriled in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement of the laid Twentieth Day of May One theufand feven hundred and eighty', and thereby limited 10 the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol, for his Life (except fuch of the faid Hereditaments as by virtue of the feveral Acts of Parliament for Redemption and Sale of the Land-Tax had been fold or agreed to be fold, and except fuch of the faid Hereditaments as had been given hi Exchange for other Hereditaments); and alfo all and fingular the Hereditaments which had been taken in Exchange, to hold unto the faid Robert Banks Lord Hawkejbury and Sir Charles William Roufe Boughton, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol fhould fo long live, upon Trull, during the joint Lives of the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol and Elizabeth Albana Countels of Bristol, out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Hereditaments and Premifes to levy and raife the clear annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and to pay and apply the fame to and for the feparate Ufe of the faid Elizabeth Altana Countels pf Bristol, by Way of Pin-Money : And in and by the faid Indenture of the Seventeenth Day of August One thoufand eight hundred and three, the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol did, by virtue of the Power given to him by the faid Will qf the faid George William late Earl of Bristol, Unfit and appoint to the Ufe of the faid Elizabeth A‘ ana Countels of Bristol, in cafe hie lhallfurvive the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, for her Life, an Annuity or clear yearly Rent-Charge of One thoufand Pounds, to be iffuing out of all and fingular the faid Manors and Hereditaments, bv the faid Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, devifed and limited in Ufe to the faid Frederick Willi.! >> now Earl of Bristol, for hi. Life as aforefaid (other than and except luch Parts of the faid Hereditaments as under the Acfs of Parliament for Redemption and Sale of the Land- fax had been fold, or agreed to be fold, for the Purpofe of redeeming the Land-Tax of the faid Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Will), to be paid Quarterly, on the Days therein mentioned, and with fuch Powers of Entry and Dij-trefsas therein mentioned ; and the faid yearly Rent-Chargeof Onethoufand Pounds, with the Rent Charge of One thoufand two hundred Pounds a-Year after-mentioned, to be in full for her Jointure, and in bar of Dower: And the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol, for better fecuring the due Payment of the faid annual Sum of One thoufand Pounds, did grant, limit, and appoint, unto the faid Rotert Banks Lord Hawkeleurv and Sir Charles

William

4.7* GEORG II III. Seff.a. Cap. 57.

William Roufe Boughtcn, their Executors, Adininiflrators and Afligns, the Manors and Hereditaments out of which the faid annual Rent-Charge of One thoufand Pounds was appointed to be ift'uing and payable for a Term of Three hundred Years : And by the fame Indenture, the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, in purfuance of the Power given to him in and by the faid Indenture of Releafe, of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, limited and appointed to the faid Elizabeth Albana Countefs of Bristol one Annuity or clear yearly Rent-Charge of One thoufand two hundred Pounds, to be iffuing out of the Manors and Hereditaments comprifed in the laid lad-mentioned Indenture, and of which the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol was Tenant for Life, as afore-faid, (other than and except as aforefaid, and except fuch of the Hereditaments as had been given in Exchange, and except the faid Manfion Houfe and Park at Ickwork), and alio out of all and Lingular the Hereditaments taken in Exchange : And by the faid Indenture of the Seventeenth Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and three, the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol, gave like Powers of Entry and Diitrefs to the faid Elizabeth Albana Countefs of Bristol, for better fecuring the faid Rent-Charge of One thoufand two hundred Pounds ; and he, the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol, for better fecuring the due Payment of the faid Rent-Charge, or annual Sum of One thoufand two hundred Pounds, did grant, limit, and appoint, unto the faid Robert Banks Lord Hawkejbury and Sir Charles William Roufe Houghton their Executors, Adminiflrators and Afligns, all and Lingular the Manors and Hereditaments out of winch the faid annual Sum or yearly Rent-Charge of One thoufand two hundred Pounds was therein-before appointed, for a Term of Two hundred and ninety-nine Years: And whereas the faid Frederick William now Earl of Bristol hath Lfue Three Sons, namely, the Right Honourable Frederick William Hervey, commonly called Lord Henry, his elded Son, and the Honourable George Hervey, and the Honourable William Hervey, hrs only younger Sons, and Two Daughters, all of whom are Infants : And whereas the faid William Hervey, who was the youngeft Brother of tile faid Teftator George William Earl of Bristol, is living, and a Bachelor: And whereas the faid Thomas Hervey, the Uncle of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, died longfince, without leaving any Ifl’ue other than the faid William Hervey his Son ; and tire faid William Hervey, died in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, without leaving,any Iffue: And whereas the faid William Hervey, the Uncle of the faid Teftator George William Earl of Bristol, died in the Month of January One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, without leaving any Iffue Male: And whereas the faid 'Henry Hervey Aston, the Son 'ff the faulTeftator’s Uncle Henry Hervey o ther-wife Aston, died, leaving the faid Henry Hervey Aston, his Son, and no other Iffue Male; and the faid laft-named Henry Hervey Aston died on the Twenty-third Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and ninety- eight, leaving Henry Charles Aston, his eideft'Son and Heir, and Arthur Ingram Aston, his only youngeft Son, who are both Infants : And whereas the !aidCharles Hervey, the Uncle of the faid Teftator George William Earl of Bristol, died feveril Years fince, without leavingany Iffue: And whereas the faid Felton Lionel Hervey died on the Ninth Day of September One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, leaving Felton Elzuill Bathurst Hervey Efquire his eldeft- Son anil Heir, who hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas theMan-fion Houfe railed Ickwortb Park Lodge, Part of the F.ftates entailed by the faid Indenture of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred

*	and

997



f

5

i

)s

*

*

«

id

SE.

4

fe

a

fa

lias :& !b w kti

M

*tn

or.

Ini

BT

ME

WJ

afci

kjiie

idv

Mb

eto

tin®

Jr*

Sw

mis

lists

•t

K*^

T*'

»•»

[s'1

igtS

*'

$t-

■>

I

k*

*

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. <7*/; 57.

and eighty, is, and for many Years hath been, the principal Refidcnce of tfie laid Frederick R'7//wffl"Earl of B> istol and his Anceftors: And whereas the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol is leiled in Fee Simple of one undivided Moiety of a Freehold Eftate in the faid County of Suffolk, confiding of ieveral Manors, Advowfons, Farms, and Lands, which are principally near and adjoining to each other, and are partly fituate near and adjoining to the faid Manfion Houle and Park at Ickworth aforefaid ; and the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol has a Profpeft of becoming the Purchafer of the other undivided Moiety of the fame Eftate ; and the faid laft-men-tioned h ftate is very convenient to be held with the faid Manfion I loufe and Park at Ickworth : And whereas the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol is defirous that certain Parts of the Hereditaments devifed by the fatd Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, and of the Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, which lie at a confiderable Diftance from the faid Manfion Houfe and Park of Ickwortb, and are detached, fhould be fold, and that the Money to arife by fuch Sale Ihould be applied in pur-chafina the Entirety of the aforefaid Fee-Simple Eftates whereof the fatd Frederick William Earl of Bristol is at prefent feifed in Fee of one undivided Moiety as aforefaid, or the Entirety of fome of them, or in purchafing fuch other Eftate' as fhall be deemed proper and convenient, in Manner herein-after exprdfed : But by reafon of the Limitations contained in the faid recited Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, and in the faid Indenture of Releafe and Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, in refpeft that there are not any Powers of Sale or Exchange in the faid Will, or' in the faid Settlement, which can now be exercifed, a Sale of any of fuch fettled Eftates as aforefaid, and the Purchafe of fuch other Eftates as before mentioned cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subject, the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol, on Behalf of himfelf and his faid infant Sons, doth moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all thofe the Manors of Great Tiie Pr.n.ift£ Wendon and Little Wendon, the impropriate Reftory of Great Wendon and herein Jcicrib-ail and lingular the Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tithes, and Hereditaments whatfoever, late of the faid Teftator George William Earl of Bristol in Great b^iud7 ° Wendon and Little Wendon, or either of them, in the faid County of Effex (except the Advowfon of the Reftory of Little Wendon, and the Advowfon of the Vicarage of Great Wendon), and alfo all thofe Meffuages or Tenements, with the Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Parilhes of Fleet Leafing-bam, Newton Scred'wgtcn Off ournby, and Wi/sford in the faid County of Lincoln, and all and lingular the Meffuages or Tenements in and near the Town of Sleaford, in the faid County of Lincoln, particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Aft, and ailo all thofe the Manors,or reputed Manors of Barrow and Feltons in Barrow, Bockir.ghall in AJh, otherwife Ajhbocking, Overhall, and Netberhall in Sbotley. and of Sproughton, in the laid County of Suffolk, the Advowfon of the Church, of Sbotley, the Ferry , called Sbotley Ferry, the Water Corn Mill in Sproughton, and all and fingu-lar the Meffuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Barrow, Ajhbocking,

Sbotley, and Sproughton, in the laid County of Suffolk, comprifed in the laid Will of the faid George William LztX of Bristol, and in the laid Settlement [_Loc. & Perfi	11 U	of



993

47’GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 5 7.

of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or in one of them ; and alfo all thcfe the feveral intermixed and other Lands fituate in Westlfy and HorningJheath, in the faid County of Suffolk, in the laid Schedule particularly mentioned; all which faid Manors, Mefluages, or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Advowfons, and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned, are more particularly defcribed in the Schedule to this Ad, and of which Hereditaments fome are Part of the Eftates drvifed by the faid in part recited Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, and others are Part of the Eflates comprifed in the faid Indenture of Settlement of the faid Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty; and all and fingular Houfes, Out-houfes, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Ways, Paths, Paflages, Eafements, Waters, Water-courfss, Courts Leet, Courts Baron, View of Frankpledge, Liberties, Privileges, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatfoever, to the faid Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premiles, fo more particularly defcribed or mentioned in the faid Schedule, or to any of them, or any Part thereof, belonging or in any wife appertaining, or to or with the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now, or at any l ime heretofore held, ufed, occupied, or enjoyed, or accv pted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof {ball, from and after the pafling of this Ad, be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the Right Honourable John Hairy Lord Templetown and Chir ks Rofe Ellis, of Claremont, in the County of Surrey, Efquire, their Heirs and Affigns, to the Ufe of them the faid John Henry Lord Templetown and Charles Rofe Ellis, their Lleirs and Afligns for ever, freed, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againfl all and fingular the Ufes, Ellates, Entails. Remainders,Limitations, Trufls, Charges,Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements in and by the faid Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, and the faid Indenture of Settlement of the faid Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, re-fpeclively limited, exprefled, or declared, of and concerning the fame Hereditaments and i'remifes refpedively, except the laid Annuities of Three hundred Pounds, to each of the faid John Lord Hervey’s Daughters, the faid Lady Caroline Hervey, and the faid Lady Emily Hervey, given by the Will of the faid John Lord Hervey; and alfo, except the faid Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to the faid Lady Mary Fitzgerald, and the faid Annuities of One hundred Pounds each to the faid Lady Caroline Hervey, and Lady Emily Hervey, given by the Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol; and likewife except the faid Term of Five hundred Years, fo created, in and by the faid Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, for railing the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds and Intereft for the Children of the faid Frederick late Earl of Bristol, and for railing and paying the faid excepted Annuities, and other Purpofes therein mentioned, as aforefaid ; and except the Trulls of the faid Term, fo far as they relate to the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, and Interefl, and to the railing and paying the faid excepted Annuities, excluftvely of the faid’other Purpofes); fubjeft, ns to the Lands and Hereditaments in Scredington and OJbournby, to certain Mortgages charged thereon, or on Part thereof, under Axis of Parliament for inctofing thofe Parilhes, and lubjeft to the faid Mortgages to the faid Francis G fling and William Gojling, for fecuringthe faid Two Sums of Turee thoufand Pounds and Two thoufand Pounds: But nevcrthelefs, upon the Trulls, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, herein-after exprefled and declared, that is to lay : Upon Trull that they the faid John Henry Lord 'Ycmpletoivn and Charles Rofe Ellis, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs

and

9 99

47" GEORG II III. Seit.2. Cap.57.

and Ailigns of fuch Survivor, do and (hall, as foon as conveniently may be (with the Approbation of the faid Frederick Wiliam Earl of Bristol, during his Life, to be tdtified by Writing under his Hand and Sea!, and alter his Death with the Approbation of the Perfon who, according to the Ufes limited by the faid Will and Indenture of Weleafe and Settlement, dated the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, would lor the Time being be beneficially entitled in Pofldlion to the hereby veiled Hereditaments and Premifcs for his Life, or for an Estate of Inheritance, if this Aft was not made, to be teltified by Writing under his Hand and Seal, (or if fuch Perfon ihail be an Infant, then with the Approbation of his Guardian or Guardians, to be tetrifled by Writing under his Hand and Seal, ot their Hands and Seals), make Sale and difpofe of all or any of the faid hereby veiled Hereditaments and Premifes, either together or in Parcels, and either by publick Auftion or private Contraft* unto any Perfon or Her Ions, at the bell Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of fuch Sale or Sales be reafonably obtained for the fame; and, upon Payment into the Bank or otherwife, in Manner herein-after mentioned, ot the Pur-chafe-Monev for which the faid Hereditaments and Premifes fo hereby made faleable, or ar.v Part thereof, lhall be fo fold, do and ihail convey and allure the fame Hereditaments and Premifes, or fuch of them as (hall be fold tor any Purchafe-Money which lhall be fo paid into the Bank cr otherwife, as herein-after is directed, unto and to the Ufe of the Purchafer or Pur-chafers of fuch Hereditaments, and his, her, or their Heirs and /Aligns, or as he or they lhall direft or appoint.

II.	And be it further enafted. That any Perfon or Perfons to whom the ’ f!wr'

faid John Henry Lord Templetown and Charles Rofe Ellis, or fhe Survivor he'.'-uii V \ of them, or the Heirs of fuch Survivor, fhall, by virtue of this Aft, make etiich' t _f any Sale or Sales of any of the Hereditaments and Premifes hereby veiled	Su:l:-

in Trull to be fold as aforefaid, fhall, if the faid John Henry Lord Temple-

town and Charles Rofe Ellis, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Alligns of fuch Survivor, (hall fo require, pay the Whole or any Part of his or their Purchafe-Money or Purchafe-Monies, in or towards fatisfving and difehatging the aforefaid principal Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, for the Children of the faid Frederick Earl of Bristol, and the aforefaid principal Sum cf Ten thoufand Pounds herein-before mentioned to have been railed by Mortgage under the herein-before referred to Appointment by the faid John Jagustus Lord Hervey, and the aforefaid principal Sums of Three thou-fand Pounds and Two thoufand Pounds, to which the faid Francis Gojling and William Gofling are intitled as Mortgagees as aforefaid; and fuch principal Sum or Sums as is or are charged, by any Aft or Acts of Inclofure, upon any of the Lands and Hereditaments entailed by the faid Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, and the laid Indenture of Rcleafe and Settlement bearing date the Twentieth Day May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, to the Perfon or Perfons who, for the Time being, (hall be entitled to the principal Sums or Sum fo hereby autho-rifed to be fatisfied and difeharged ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons who lhall be fo entitled to the fame principal Monies refpeftively, fhall be a fufficient Difclv ge and fufficient Difcharges to the Perfon or Perfons who ihail make any fuch Payment.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of The Money Money which ihail arife from any Sale or Sales made in purfuance of this no >Tj applied

3	to	be	p*id	into



IOCO

the Bank, and stfrei wards tav«J out in the ur-chtfe ot Pic-mifei.

Till fucli Pur-ch*'es re made Money to be laid o.»t in the Purchase Navy Bil s, icc,

47* G EORGI1 III. Scff.2. Cap. 57.

Aft, and (hall not be applied in or towards fatisfying and difeharging any fuch principal Sum or Sums of Money as aforefaid, fhali be paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sale or Sales fhali be made into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchafers of the Earl of Bristol fettled E(fates, purfuant to the Method preferibed by the' Ad of the Twelfth If ear of King George the Firif, Chapter Thirty-lecond, and the General Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Ad of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth: And fo foon as conveniently may be after fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall have been fo paid into the Bank as aforefaid, the fame (hall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the faid Court of Chancery, in a fummary Way, by the faid Frederick Wiliam Earl of Bristol, during his Life, and after his Deceafe, by the Perfon or Perfons who (hall, according to the Ufes limited by the faid Will of the faid George William Earl-of Bristol, and the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, be, for the Time being, beneficially entitled in Poffeffion as aforefaid, if fuch Perfon (hall be of full Age, but if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians refpec-tively, be laid out and inverted in the PurchafeorPurchafes of the Entirety of the Fee-Simple, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol is feifed of one undivided Moiety, as herein-before mentioned, or of fuch Part or Parts thereof as (hall be approved of by the faid Court of Chancery, and in the Purchafe or Purchafes of the Fee Simple of fuch other Freehold Manors, Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as (hall be contiguous to or convenient to beholden or enjoyed with the faid Manlion-Houfe and Park at lekwortb, in the faid County of Suffolk, or of fuch other of the Hereditaments entailed by the faid Will aed Indenture of Settlement of the Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and not hereby made faleable, or feme or one of them ; and from and immediately attcr making fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, the Manors, Meffuages, Land*, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, (hall be conveyed, fettled, and allured to the Ufes, upon and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to the Powers, Limitations, and Reftrictions, which, by the faid Will and Indenture of Settlements of the faid Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, were refpeftively limited or declared of or concerning the fame feveral Manors and Eftates thereby fettled, or fuch of the faid Ufes, Trufts, Intents, Purpofes, Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, or Reftrictions, as (hall be then fubfifting and capable cf taking Effed.

IV.	And be it further cnafted, That all Sums of Money which (hall be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the faid Accountant-General, in manner herein-before direded, or fo much thereof as (hall not be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Cofts and Ex-pences, according to the Direction hercin-after contained, fnall, in the mean Time, and until the fame Monies (hail be inverted in the Purchafe cf Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as aforefaid, be from Time to Time laid out, under the Direction of the faid Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of Navy, or Vidualling, or Tranfport-Bills, or Exchequer-Bills ; and the Intereft arifing from the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy, or

Vidualling,

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap 57.

Victualling, or Tranfport Bills, or Exchequer Bill?, and the Money received fo. the fame, Ihould they or any of them be paid off by Government, lhall be laid out, in the Name of the faid Accountant General, in the Purchafe of other Navy, or Victualling, or Tranfport Bills, or Exchequer Bills; and ail the faid Navy and Victualling Bills, and i'ranfport and Exchequer Bills, lhall be dcpofited in the Bank, in the Name of the faid Accountant-General, and lhall there remain until proper Purchafes lhall be found and approved as herein before directed, and until the fame lhall, upon Petition, fetti. g forth fuch Approbation to be preferred to the Court of Chancery, in a fummary Way, by the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol, or the Perfon who, for the Time being, lhall be beneficially entitled in Poffeflion to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchafed as aforefaid, or if fuch Perfon lhall be under Age, then of his Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be fold by the Accountant-General, for completing fuch Purchafe or Purchafes in fuch Manner as the faid Court lhall think jult and direCt; and if the Money arifing by Sale of fuch Navy, Victualling, Tranfport, or Exchequer Bills, lhall exceed the Amount of the whole Purchafe- oney when laid out as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe, and only in fuch Cafe, the Surplus which lhall remain lhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfo .s refpeftively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands dire&ed to be purchafed purfuant to this Act, or to the Reprefentatives of fuch Perfon or Ptrfons.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That it lhall be lawful c rut cf

for the laid Court of Chancery, if that Court lhall fo think fit, from Time	m

to Time, to make an Order for taxing or fettling all Colls, Charges, and Expences, which have been or lhall be incurred in obtaining and puffing

this Aft, and in making of the feveral Applications to the laid Court in purfuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sale and Saks of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby made faleable, and minvelting all or any of the Monies which, under this Acl lhall be paid into the Lank of England, in the Purchafe of Lands ai d Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwife in carrying the Trulls and Purposes of this .Aft into Execution; and alfo, from Time to Time, to make iuch Order as the faid Court lhall think fit for Payment of fucii Coils,

Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Monies which lhall arife from any Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this A r, and lhall be fo paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies arifing bv Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Traniport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchafed as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Certificate or Certificates of cmifcatc of

the (aid Account General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one cf «"•* Account-the Calhiers of the Bank of England to be thereunto annexed and therewith	,	*

filed in the Regiller-Ollice of the faid Court of Chancery, of the Payment tb*- Bmku. into the Bank of England, by the Perlbn or Perfons becoming the Pur-

chafer or Purchafers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold, payment of of his or their Purchafe-Monies refpeftively, or of fuch Part or Parts thereof Money as lhall not have been paid in difeharge of Incumbrances, according to the Authority hereinbefore given, or of any Part of fuch Purchal'e-Monies, lhall, from Time to Time, be and be deemed to be good and effectual Dilcharges to fuch Perfon and Perfons, and to his or their re'fpeC'ive Heirs,

Executors, Adminiitrators, and Al'ffgns, for the faid Purchafe-Monies, or [Loc. if Per.]	n A	fo

I Q02

Until Sale,

R . ts to be t>niJ in rhe Perfons entitled thricco*

How new Trut '■$ ftisl! be appointed

4?° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.si-

fo much thereof for which fuch Certificates and Receipts (hall be refpec-tively given ; and after filing fuch Certificate* and Receipts as aforefaid, fuch Per ion and Perfons fhallbe abfolutely acquitted and difeharged of and from the fit me Monies, and Ihall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Misapplication or Non-application thereof.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until luch Sales fhah be made as afi. efaid, of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold, they the laid John Henry Lord Temple town and Charles Rofe Ellis, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, (hall permit and fiuffer the Rents and Prc fits of the faid Hereditaments to be had, received, and taken by fuch Perlon or Perfons as would refpeftively have been entitled to, and ought to have held, received, and enjoyed the fame, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That if both,

ot either of them the (aid John Henry Lord Temple town and Charles Rofe Ellis, or any future Truffee or Truftees who flrall iucceed to them, or either of them, or final! be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as heroin-after mentioned, Ihall die, or defire to relinquiih the Trails hereby in them or him repoied, or Ihall refufe or decline to ad, or become incapable to ad in the faid Trufts, or (hall go out of Great B itain before the faid Trufts Ihall he fully performed and executed, then, and fo often as any fuch Cafe Ihall happen, it Ihall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the faid Frederick William Earl of Bristol, or fuch Perfon as for the Time being would be beneficially erv filed in Pofieffion according to the Ufes limited by the faid Will of the faid George William Earl of Bristol, and the faid Indenture of Settlement of the faid Twentieth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, herein-before recited, to the Hereditaments hereby made falcable; 01 if fuch Perfon Ihall be an Infant, then by his Guardian or Guardians, during his Minority, from Time to Time to nominate, fub-ftitute, ard appoint any Perfon or Perfons to be a Truftee or Truftees, in the Stead or Place of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refufing, declining, or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid; and that when, and fo foon, and as often as any new Truitee or Truftees Ihall be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, all the Trull Eftates and Premifes which fliall then be veiled in the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defirous of being difeharged, or refufing, declining, or becoming incapable to aft, or going out of Great Br.tain as aforclaid. either folely or jointly with the other Truftee or Truftees, as the Cal: may be, ftiall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred, in fuch Sort and Manner, and fo that the fame Truft Eftates and Premifes Ihall and may be legally and efleftuaily veiled in the lurviving or continuing Truftee or Truftees thereof, and fuch new or other Truftee or Truftees, or if there fliall be no continuing Truftee or Truftees, then in fucii atw Truftees only, upon the fame Trails, and for the fame Intents and Purpcfts as are herein-before declared of and concerning the faid Truft Eftates and Fremifes, or fuch and fo many of the fame Trufts as ihall or may be then fubfifting and capable of taking Effect, and that fuch new Truftee or Truftees fliall and may in all Things aft in the Management, Carrying-on, and Execution of the Trufts to which he and they lefpeftively fliall be‘appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers 5	and

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 57.	I003

and Authorities, to all Intents, Elfefts, C.ondruftions, and Purpofes what-foever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Aft nominated a Trudee or Trudees, for the Purpofes for which fuch new Trudee or Trudees refpeftively (hall be appointed a Truflee or Trudees.

IX.	Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, His Heirs and Central Sue.ceffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick Wlll-V and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Ad-minidrators, (other than and except the faid Frederick William Earl ot Bristol, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons claiming, or to claim, under or by virtue of the faid W ill of the faid George William late Earl of Bristol, and the faid recited Indenture of Releafe, of the Twentieth Day of

May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or either of them), all fuch Edatc, Right, Title, Intered, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Advowfons, Hereditaments, and Premifes, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the pading of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

X.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft diall be printed by the To be printed

Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, and a Copy thereof, fo prin-	8

ted, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Judices, and

others.

I 4-AbiEt5' * ,rv;.	-	a ) ' - / "ft

n 7	1 tuft- iat

jur

IC04

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap.$ 7.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Ad refers.

ESSEX.

-!< 4> ' 4U i '	>	;	’t'jJ ulEJTOlTjf 1

NAMES OF PARISHES WHERE SITUATE.

The Manors of Great and Little Wendons, with the Fines and Quit Rents, communibus Annis A Farm and Lands, in the Occupation of John Robinfon The Rectorial Tythes, and a Sheep-Walk for Ten Score Sheep, in the Occupation of the laid John Robinfon, and included in the above Rent of X301.

In GREAT CHESTERFORD Parifb.

The following Woodlands.

Parfonage Croft	-	•

Lady Croft	-	-	*

Moon Croft	-	-	-

Taylor’s Chafe	-	-	-	'

Pratfum	-	•	...

John Shillito, junr.

Little Walden Park.

• LINCOLNSHIRE.

NAMES OF PARISHES WHERE SITUATE.

• %

FLEET.

AMcfluage, Out Buildings, Garden, and fevcral doles of Land, in the Occupation of Richard Johnfon

LEASINGHAM.

A Melfuage, Offices, Garden, and two Clofes of Land in the Occupation of Elenor Gorden

NEWTON.

A Farm-Houfe, Buildings, Garden, and feveral Clofes of Land, in the Occupation of P. Rogers A Wood, in Hand	-

A Tenement, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of Thomas Parker	-	-	-

A Cottage and Garden, in the Occupation of Wiliiapt

Sharpe	-	-	-	o

A Public-lioufe, Yard, Garden, a nd Cofe, ir.the Cccu

pation of John Hodgfon	-	-	-I	12

Number of Acres.

497 2 8

4	36")

o 16

2	30

107

18

145

*3

24

Rent.

82

301

In Hand.

64

52 10 e

*°5 5

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap.tf. 1005

SCREDINGTON.

A Meffuage, Buildings, Gardens, and feveral Clofes, in the Occupation of James Bowles	-	-

A Tenement, Garden, and Clofe, in the Occupation of Abraham Frarkling	■*	-

A Tenement, Garden, and Clofe, in the Occupation of Anthony Sharp	-	-	-

OSEOURNBY and SCREDINGTON.

AFarm-Koufe, Out-Buildings, Garden, and feveral Clofes, hi the Occupation of Robert Lockwood

WILSFORD.

A Farm, Yard, and Out-Buddings, with feveral Clofes, in the Occupation of John Rycroft A Public-Houfe, Yard, Orchard, Gardens, and Clofes, in the Occupation of Thomas Rycroft -A Cottage, Garden, Orchard, and Clofe, in the Occupation of William Barnfdale Houfe, Garden, and Paddock, occupied by the Poor of the faid Parilh	-	-

OLD SLEAFORD.

A Tenement, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of John Brewett -	-	-

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Thomas Sutton	-	-	...

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of John Tapfter	.....

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of John Elmore	.....

A Tenement, Garden, and Paddock, in the Occupation of Packard Salmopd	....

A Houfe, Yard, Garden, and Paddock, in the Occupation of John Harrifon -

NEW SLEAFORD.

A Tenement, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of William Simpfon	...

A Fublic-Houfe, called The Boar’s Head, with a Cottage, Yard, Out-Houfes, and Garden, in the Occupations of George Chantry and John Watfon A Tenement, Shop, and Yard, in the Occupation of Richard Clayton	...

A Dwellirg-Houfe, Shops, and Yards, in the Occupation of William Armftan ...

Number of Acres.

349

5

5

99

332

32

6

Rent.

£• '• 91 o

4 10

4 10

73 0

'53 0 14 14

7 0 4 10

2 2

4 o

4 10 6 o

■ [Lee. (s'. Per.]

ii7~

ico6

47° GEORGII III. ScfT.2. Ca'p.tf.

New Sleaford—continued.

A Pubjjc-Houfe, called The Falcon, Out-Houfes, Yard, Garden, and Bowling-Green, in the Occupation of ** Jane Flinders	-	-

A Dwelling-’ loufe and Yard, in the Occupation of Richard Mitchell	-

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Richard Thompajn .	»	-

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of William Sutton -	-	-	-	-

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of John Clipfon	....

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Robert

Hill.............................................

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Jofeph Nalh -----	-

A] Dwe ling-Houfe, Shop, Out-Buildings, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of John Sturton A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Rachel Smith	-	-	-

A Dwelling-Houfe, Yard, and Garden, in the Occupation of Eleanor I larvey	-	-

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Hannah Greenwood	-

A Houle on the Lord’s Waite, in the Occupation of r Sarah Thompfon	...

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of Solomon Upton	-	-	-	-

. A Hemp-Mill, Cottage, and Garden, in the Occupation of Jofeph Filher	- -	-

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of James o Oznsin .....

A Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation of William Mortis and Edward Findall	...

A Dwelling-Houfe, Worldhops, Out-Buildings, Yard, and Gardens, in the Occupation of Richard Fofter and Jofeph Merryweather	...

A Tenement, Worklhop, and Garden, in the Occupation of William Elmere	-	...

A Dwelling IJoufe, Two Cottages, a Shop, Yard, and Gardens, in the Occupation of William Har-rifon	-	-	-	-	-

A Dwelling Houfe, Shop, and Yard, in the Occupation Of Mary Smith	...

A Dwelling IJoufe and Yard, in the Ocupation of Charfes Smith	-	...

A Dwelling Houfe, Shop, Out-building, and Yard, in the Occupation of Thomas Obinfon 3

Number of Acres.	Rent.
A. R. P.	C- s. d.
O  ON	25 0 0
O 0 12	3 3 0
O  O  kn	2 5 0
c 0 15	250
010	3 3 °
0 1 3	300
0 r 3	220
O  0  M>  CO	0  0  0
0  0  0	0  0
0  0	28 G 0
0  0	0  0
©  0	050
009	u  0  ©
008	0  0
0 0 32	0  0  *0
*0  0  0	880
014	2 0 9
0  0  c	t 10 0
O t 12	I I to 9
006	12 0 0
0  0  C\	9 0 0

o

19 10 o

47e GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.$7.

1007

New Sleaford—continued.

A Dwelling Houfe and Yard, in the Occupation of Richard Spencer -	-

The George-Inn, together with all the Out-buildings, Yard, and Gardens, thereto belonging, in the Occupation of Mary Jobb and William Rigglcfworth The Angel Inn, together with all the Out Buildings and Yard thereto belonging in the Occupation of Richard Maples	-

Peter Rogers,

Sleaford.

SUFFOLK.

The Manors of Barrow and Feltons in Barrow—Fines and Quit Rents, communibus Annis Barrow-Hall Farm, with the Sheep-Walk The Manor or reputed Manor of Bockinghall in A(h other wife Afhbocking—Fines and Quit-Rents, communi bus Annis	-

Robert Welham’s Farm -John Wel'nam’s Farm, Part Copyhold "

Thomas Todd’s Farm	-	.

The Manors or reputed Manors of Overhall and Nether hall in Shotley Samuel Simpfon’s Farm

The Ferry leading from Shotley to Harwich, with Ferry Houfe and Buildings, and 2 A. 2 R. o P. of Meadow Land, and an Outmarfh Intermixed Land, in the Occupation of the Reverenc Batley ...

The Advowfon of the Re&ory of Shotley, Incumbent be tween 40 and 50, and the Living fuppofed to be worth 525I. per Ann.

The Manor of Sproughton—Fines and Quit Rents, com munibus Annis -	.	.

Woodward’s Farm, in Sproughton Woodlands

A Water Corn-Mill, Barn, Stable, and Buildings, and Land -	...

The Advowfon of the Rcftory of Sproughton, Incumbent about 65 Years of Age, the Living fuppofed to be worth about 5sol. per Annum.

Intermixed Lands in Weilley Fields, Eight Pieces of Arable Land, containing -	.

Number of Acres.

A. R. P OO 6

O 2 35

892	1	0
219 3		13
191	1	20

95 2

S69 1	15

4 o

Rent.*

£• '■ d.

goo

45 0 o 50 © ©

20

420

140

120

55

7 o

385 10

34 10

3 o

243	0	29	44 0	0
H	2	1	> 250 0	0
14	1	2_	45 0	0

5 3

iooB

470 GEORGI f III. Seff.2. Cap. 57.

The fcveral Pieces of Arabic Land iu Wellley Field, following ; videlicet,

Five Pieces in Newmarket Went, containing together Pert of the Thirty-Acre Piece, containing Th: ce Pieces in Hemland-Hill Went, containing together -Two Pieces in Gibbet Went, containing together Black Clofe, containing	-	-

Another Piece, containing	-

Two Pieces of Arable Land, in the Common Fields of the Parilh of St. James, in Bury St. Edmund’s, at the Heath-Way, containing together With the Rights of Sheep-Walk and of Shackage for great Cattle, and all other Rights in, to, and over the faid Lands.

And alfo the Right and Intereft of the faid Frederick William Earl of Briftol, and thofe claiming under the Will and Settlement recited in the foregoing Aft of Parliament over Sixty-three Acres and One Rood, Part of a Heath or Wafte Ground, called the Plains, in Weftley, on the Fall Side of the Boundary Line, or intended Boundary Line or Fence, dividing the -E dates of the faid Frederick William Earl of Briftol and John Stutter, o o c-	;	• '	i

IN HORNINGSIIEATH.

A Piece of Arable .

A Piece of Meadow -	-	-

One other Piece of Arable	-	-

John Shillito,

Ickworth Park*

c c- ;-r. r ••

Number of  Acres.		Rent.
A. R.	r.	C- *• d.
9 3	35	
31 3	14	
*1 3	*3	
8 2	3°	
21 2	3°	
16 2	25	

1	2	5

%

8 i 20

4 3° 1 3	3

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelly. 1807.

C t -> o'------------- ,*	*	*	.	*	4





ANNO QUADRAGE.SIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sell? 2-

****** tiivivttiMtih****^****#**#**'*'******* ***********

Cap.58-

An Ad for veiling Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chejlerfeld, in Truftees, in Trull: ! to be fold ; and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sales, in the Purchafe of other Eflates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	[1	ft-AuguJl	1S07.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Philip Dormer Earl of Chef- The Witl of lerfield, fince deceaftd, duly made and publilhed his la ft Will and Teftainent in Writing, bearing Date the Fourth Day of or Ch'iUi-’r June One thousand feven hundred and feventy-two, and thereby gave and ficld-devifed all his Manors, Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever, which he was then feifed of, interefted in, or entitled to, within the Counties of -Bucks, Bedford, Hertford, Derby, and Nottingham, or any of them, with their Rights, Royalties, and Appurtenances (fubject to the Payment cf and charged with the Annuities or Rent Charges, and Sums of Money therein-after mentioned, and to an Annuity of One thoufand Pounds a Year to Lady Stanhope for her Life, and ifiuing out of that Part of hisEftate which was his late Brother’s) unto and to theUfe of his God-ion Philip Stanhope now Earl of Chcfterficld, by his then Name of Philip Stanhope Efquire, Son of his Kinfinan Arthur Stanhope Efquire, deceafed, and his rtfligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafle ; Remainder to Major General Sir Charles Hot ham (afterwards Sir Charles Thompfon, fince deceafed) anti Beaumont Hotham now Sir Beaumont Hotham Knight, and their Heirs, during theLifeof thefaid Philip Earl of Chejlerfeld, inTrult to preferve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to theFirfl and ether Sons of - > [Esc. fcf Per.]	1 i Z	the

\

47* GEORGII ftl. Sdt. 2. Cap. 58.

the faid Philip Earl of Chejierf.eld fucceflively in Tail Male ; Remainder to the Ufe of Ferdinand Stanhope, Brother of the faid Arthur Stanhope, de-ceafed, and his Afligns,-for his Life, without Impeachment of Walle j Remainder jptjie Ufe of John Stanhope Efqpirc, eldelt Son of the faid Ferdinand Stanhope, and fais Afligns for his Life, without Impeachment of Waite'} Remainder (othe fameTruftees and their Heirs, in Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Firft and other Son* of tire faid John Stanhope fucceflively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of Michael Stanhope (Second Son of the faid Ferdinand Stanhope) and his Afligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Walle ; Remainder to the fame Truftees, and their Heirs, in Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders; Remainderto the Firft and other Sons of the laid Michael Stanhope fucceflively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of Arthur Stanhope(Third Son ofthe faid Ferdinand Stanhope) and his Afligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; Remainder to the fame Truftees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the fame Arthur Stanhopf, in Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Firft and other Sons of the faid Arthur Stanhope fuc-ceflively in Tail Male ; Remainder to the Ufe of the Fourth and other Sons ofthe faid Ferdinand Stanhope fucceflively inTailMale ; Remainder to theUfe of hovel Stanhope (another Brother of the faid Arthur Stanhope deceafed) and his Afligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte ; Remainder to the fame Truftees and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Level Stanhope, in Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Firft and other Sons of the faid hovel Stanhope, fucceflively in Tail Male ; Remainder to the Ufe of Edwin Stanhope (Son of Charles Stanhope Efquire deceafed) and his Afligns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte; Remainder to the fame Truftees and their Heirs, during the Life of tho-faid Edwin Stanhope, in Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders ; Remainder to the Firft and other Sons of the faid Edwin Stanhope fucceflively iq Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, with the ultimate Remainder to the Teftators own right Heirs for ever: And the faid Teftator gave and devifed all that his Manor and capital Mefluage of Belftze, fituate in the Parifh of Hampftead, in the County of MiddlcJ'cx, and sill and Angular the MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, or which he held by Leafe for laves of the Dean am} Chapter of Wcjhnin-fier, and all his renewable and other Eftate, Term, and Intereft therein, unto and to the Ufe of the faid Sir Charles Hctham afterwards Sir Charles Thmpfon (fines deceafed) and Sir Beaumont Hatbam, their Heirs and Afligns, during the Continuance of the faid Leafe; upon Truft neverthelefe for fuch Perfon and Perfons, and for fuch Eftates and Iaterefts, and in fuch Manner, and fubjeft to fuch Powers and Limitations as are in his faid Will before exprefled, limited, and declared, of and concerning his thereinbefore dev ifedFreehold Manors,Lands, and Hereditaments, or as near thereto as the Nature of the faid Leafehold Eftates would admit, to the End that the fame might be held and enjoyed, and go along with the faid Freehold Eftates lo long as might be, and the Laws of England would permit; and the faid Tefiator directed that the Leafe which he then had, or might have at the Time of his Death, of the faid Leafehold Premifes, fhould, from i ime to l ime as Occaiion might require, and the fame could be done on realbnable and equitable Terms, be renewed and filled up by and out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premifes, in the Names cf his faid Truftees or of the Survivor of them, or his Heirs; and that all new and other Lcafcs to be obtained of the fame Premifes, flrould remain, continue.

JOII

470 G E O R GIT Ilf.	Cap.$8.

and be upon the like Trulls, and fubjeft to the like Powers and Limitations, as are in hislaid Will before deviled, expreffed, directed, or referred to, concerning -the faid Leafe then in being, of and in the fame Premifes, or as nearthereto -as the Deaths of Perfons, and other Contingencies, would admit : And the faid Teftator did by his faid Will authorize and empower the faid Philip Earl of Cbefttrfield, and the feveral other Perfons in Remainder after him, to whom an Eftate for Life was therein-before deviled or limited, when and as they Ihould refpeftively come into and be in the aftual Pof-feffion of the faid Manors and Premifes, by virtue of the faid Limitations, by any Deed or Writing, Deeds or Writings, under their refpeftive Hands and Seals, ami to be attested by Two or more credible Witneffes, to grant, fettle, limit, or appoint unto and to theUfe of any Woman or Women whom they had or ihould refpeftively marry or take to wife, either before or after fork Marriage, for the Life or Lives of fuch Woman cr Women refpeftively, in Nature of a Jointure or Jointures, and in Bar of her or their Dowe; or Dowers, any annual Sum or Sums, yearly Rent or Rents, Tax free, and without any Deduction to be iffuing out of and chargeable upon the faid Manors and Premifes, or any Part thereof, not exceeding the clear annual Sum 6r yearly Rent of Two thoufand Pounds, with proper Powers and iRemedies, by Diftrefs and Entry, and Perception of Rents, for the better fecuring and enforcing the due Payment thereof, to take effect immediately after their refpeftive Deaths, fo that the Woman or Wom>*n to whom fuch Jointure or Jointures ihould be fo limited or appointed, did and ihould actually bring, or have really brought, as a Marriage Portion or Fortune, One thoufand Pounds at lead, or the Value thereof, for every Eighty Pounds per Annum which Ihould be fo limited for her or their Jointure or Jointures, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Jointure; and after giving feveral pecuniary and fpecific Legacies, the faid Teftator gave to the faid Love! Stanhope and Sir Beaumont Hot ham, paid their Heirs, the feveral Annuities or Rent Charges of One hundred Pounds each, during the Minorities of Charles Stanhope and Philip Stanhope, therein named (which faid Philip Stanhope is fmee deceafe d ) in Trull that they the faid Truftees fhould apply the fame for their Maintenance during their Minorities ; and upon the faid Charles Stanhope and Philip Stanhope feve-rally attaining their refpeftive Ages of Twenty-one Years, the faid Teftator did will that the faid laft-mentioned Annuities fhould ceafe, and in lieu thereof he gave to each of them the faid Charles Stanhope and Philip Stanhope, One Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of One hundred Pounds for each of their Lives, the faid feveral Annuities or Rents to be iffuing and payable out of his the faid Teflator’s Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, free from all Taxes and Deductions, with the ufual Powers of Entry and Diftrefs, and Perception of the Rents and Profits, in cafe the faid Annuities, or any Part thereof, fhould be in Ariear; and after giving fomefurther pecuniary Legacies, the faid Teftator gave to his Valet, James Waljh, One Annuity or yearly Rent of Eighty Pounds during his Life ; and to Jemmy Waljh his Son, an Annuity or yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds during his Life; and to William Stanhope therein named, and (fince dead) an Annuity of One hundred Pounds for his Life; and to Mrs. If/ley Widow (fince deceafed) an Annuity of Twenty-five Pounds during her Life, payable as therein is mentioned, with the like Powers’of Entry and Diftrefs, and Perception of the Rents and Profits, in Default of Payment thereof; and after giving feme further pecuniary Legacies, the faid Teftator deviled all the reft 2nd Refidue of his Real Eftate to the faid

Philip

ICI 2

Codic’l to the ]a;e Earl's Will.

Death of the late Earl.

That the Legacies have been paid.

The only An. nattier now charged.

The Lrafe-j,old at I-Iamp-„ead.

47° GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cip.58.

Philip Earl of Chef erfield and his Heirs for ever, and appointed the fuid Sir Charles Hot ham, afterwards Sir Charles Tbompjcn (fince deceafed). Sir Bears-merit Hot ham, and Level Stanhope (alfo fmee deceafed) Ex cutors of his Laid Will: And whereas the faid Teflator, by a Codicil to his faid Will, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, after taking Notice that it had been difeovered, fince the making and executing or his faid Will, that the Reverfion of his late Brother’s Eilate flood fettled or limited by a certain Indenture, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and thirty* fix, to the Ufe of himfelf the faid Teflator, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with divers Remainders over; and that it was by the f .id Indenture declared, that it fhould be lawful for him, by Deed or Will, to revoke all or any the Ufes or Eflates thereby exprefTed, limited, or contained, concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby granted and releafed, or any Part thereof; and by the fame Deed or Writing, or any other Deed or Writing, executed as ^herein mentioned, to grant, limit, or appoint any new or other Ufes or Eflates ofsthe Manors and other Hereditaments in the faid Indenture mentioned, or fuch Part thereof as fhould be fo revoked, did, iu order to obviate any Doubts that might arife by any informal Revocation of the Ufes, Eflates, Trufls, and Limitations, contained in the faid Settlement, by the faid Codicil to his faid Will, by virtue and ill execution of the faid Power, revoke all the Ufes and Eflates in the faid Indenture exprefTed, limited, or contained, concerning the Manors and Premifes thereby granted and releafed ; and by the fame Codicil limited and devifed the fame Manors and other Hereditaments to the Ufe of the faid Philip Earl of Chcferfield, and the feveral Perfons in Remainder after him in his faid Will named, for fuch and the fame Ufes and Eltates, and to and for fuch and the fame Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, and under and fubjedt to the fame Powers, Provifoes, and Agreements, as the faid Tef-tators Real Eflates in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham flood fettled and limited in and by Inis faid Will : And whereas the faid Teflator died on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, without altering or revoking his faid Will and Codicil, and all his faid Executors have lince duly proved the faid Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop of Canterbury: And whereas the feveral Legacies given by the faid Will of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chcferfield, deceafed, have long fince been paid off by his faid Executors, by and out of his Perfonal Eflate and Efleets come to their Hands : And whereas the faid feveral Annuitants, Philip Stanhope, William Stanhope, and	Hfey,Widow, have all departed this Life, and

the only Annuities or Rent Charges now fubfifting, and fo charged upon and iffuing out of the faid deflator's Real Eflates, or Part thereof, as aforefaid, are thofe to the Lid Lady Stanhope, Charles Stanhope, Janies Waif, and Jemmy Waljh, who are ail now living: And whereas the faid Leafe of the faid Manor and Eflate of Belfize, in the faid County #ol .MiddlefeK, hath fince the Death of the faid Teflator, purfuant to the faid Will, been by the faid Truflees in his faid Will named, renewed with the laid Dean and Chapter of Wefminfer, by an Indenture of Leafe bearing Date the Twenty-firfl Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and tighty-fix, granted by the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord I’ifhop of Rochefcr, Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Wejlminfcr, and the Chapter of the fame Church under their

Seal,

41

\oi3

47' GEORGII III. Scir.2. Cap. 58.

Seal, to the faid Sir Charles Thompfon and Sir Beaumont Hot ham, to hold to them for the Lires of the faid Philip Earl of Chejlerjield, his Royal High-liefe George Prince of Wales, and Philip Stanhope Smelt, all now kvmg, under the ufual and accuftomed refervcd Rents, payable as therein is mentioned: And whereas the faid/Y’/7/^Earl of Chejierfield in or about the Month of Auguft One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, intermarried with Ann Tbif/eihuiayte, and the faid Ann Thiftlethwayte died on or about the Second Day of November One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; and there is not any Iffue of that Marriage now living: And whereas indenture of by an Indenture of Settlement of Five Parts, beating Date the Fii'ft’of Firft Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and May one made between the faid Philip Earl of Cbefierfeld of the Firft Part, the thcufara^fe-Right Honourable I.ady Henrietta Tbynne, Daughter of the moil Honour- aml ,}| "e!j„ able Thomas late Marquis of Bath deceaied, of the Second Part ; the mod nine. Honourable Thomas, then and now Marquis of Bath, eldeft Son and Heir at Law of the faid Thomas late Marquis of Bath, of the Third Part ; the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret and Arthur Stanhope Efquire of the Fourth Part; and William Strong of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlefex Efquire, of the Fifth Part (being the Settlement made previoufly to and in Contemplation of the Marriage then intended andfoon afterwards had between the faid Philip Earl of Chejlerjield and Lady Henrietta his now Wife) in Confideration of the faid then intended Marriage, and of the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, the Portion or Fortune of the faid Lady Henrietta Tbynne, and for other Confiderations therein expreffed ; he the faid Philip Earl of Chejierfield, in purfuance of the Power given to or veiled in him by the faid recited Will of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chef erf eld deceafed, did grant, fettle, limit, and appoint unto the faid Lady Henrietta Tbynne and her Affigns, in cafe the faid then intended Marriage fhould be had and folemnized, and fhe fhould furvive the faid Philip Earl of Chejierfield, one annual Rent Charge or yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain (being after the Rate of Eighty Pounds per Annum for every One thoufand Pounds of her Marriage Portion) for her Life, to be iffuing and payable out of and chargeable upon all and lingular the Manors or Lordfhips, Lands, Tenements, Tvthes, Hereditaments, and Preinifes, late the Eftatcs of the faid late Philip Dormer Earl of Chef erf eld deceafed, and fo devifed by his faid Will and Codicil as aforefaid for her Jointure, and in Bar of Dower, with all ufual and full Powers and Authorities to recover the fame annual Rent or yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof) when in Arrear:

And whereas the Marriage between the laid Philip Earl of Cheflerfiddand Marriage of Lady Henrietta Tbynne was folemnized f on after the Date of the faid re-cited Indenture of Settlement, and there is Iffue of the faid Marriage one Son, namely George Lord Stanhope, now an Infant of the Age of Sixteen Months, or thereabouts : And whereas the faid Ferdinand Stanhope died on Deati. of r-r-or about the Eleventh Day of February, in tire Year One thoufand feven hun- ^najld Sta11' dred and ninety, leaving Iffue his Three Sons,the faid Jo/m Stanhope, Michael '

Stanhope, and Arthur Stanhope, him furviving, and no other Iffue Male : ;	,

And whereas the faid John Stanhope on or about the Twenty-feventh Day funhope. ° of September One thoufand feven hundred and e'ghty.four intermarried with Caroline Dent, and the faid John Stanhope died on or about the Seventh Day of December, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred, leaving Iffue Three Sons, videlicet, Philip John Stanhope, Henry Stanhope, and Charles George Siarhope, all now Infants under the Age of [Loc. (A Per.']	t	z	A	Twenty-

1014

John Stan -Hope's Will.

Michael Stanhope hath m> I fine. Arthur Sran-Hope h th no llfuc Male. Drath of Lovcl Stanhope.

Mates com-nrizrtl in the SJiedule.

Expediency of d.ipoling of Eftates.

47* GE0RG1I HI. Seff.2, Cap. 58.

Twenty-one Years, him furviving, and no other Iffue Male : And whereas the faid John Stanhope, by his lad Will and Tcftainent in Writing, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, appointed the faid Philip Earl of Cbcjlerjield, and Arthur Stanhope, William Douglas Efquire, and Caroline Stanhope his now Widow, Guardians of his faid Infant Children Philip John Stanhope, Henry Stanhope, and Charles George Stanhope, during their refpeftive Minorities : And whereas the faid Michael Stanhope is married, and hath no Iffue : And whereas the faid Arthur Stanhope is married, and hath no IffueMale: And whereas the faid Lovel Stanhope died on or about theTwenty-ninthDay of September in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three a Bachelor: And whereas the faid Edwin Francis Stanhope, in the laid Will called Edwin Stanhope, in or about the Month of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, intermarried with the Right Honourable Lady Catherine Lyon, and the faid Edwin Francis Stanhope died on or about the Twenty-ninth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and feven, leavingHenryEd* winStanhope, his elded Son, who hath attained his Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas Part of the Real Eftates fo devifed by the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerjield deceafed as aforefaid, conftfts of the feveral Manors of Horton and Slapton Dagnall, and Elmere alias llmere, with the Eflates and Appurtenances thereto belonging ; and alfo the Farms and Eflates of Stewkley, with the Manor and Eflate of Buckland, and the Adwowfon of the Church or laving of Elmere alias llmere, all in the faid Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Herts, fome or one of them j and the Manor and Eflate of Hilton, and the Chief Rents of Twenty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings, Five Shillings, and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Fight-pence, payable by the F.arl of Harrington, Thomas Chawner, and Thomas Fitzherbert, out of their refpective Eflates at Elvajlon and Cubley, and the Advowfon of the Church or Living of Church Somerfal otherwil'e Somerfhall Herbert, all in the faid County of Derby; together alfo with feveral Meffuages or Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments and Premifes, in the Town and in the County of Nottingham, all which Eflates are more particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed ; and other Part of the Eflates, fo devifed by the faid Will, confills of the Manor and Eflate of BelIJize, in the Parifh of Hampjlead, in the faid County of Middlefcx, and which is Leafehold for Lives under the Dean and Chapter of Weftminjler, and is more particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed : And whereas the faid Real Eflates, fituate in the faid Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, Hcrtforcf, and Derby, fome or one of them, and in the fajd Town and County of Nottingham, fo devifed by the faid Will and Codicil as aforefaid, and comprized in the faid Schedule, lie at very inconvenient and remote Diftances from the Manfion Houles in the Counties of Backs and Derby, of the faid Philip Earl of Chejlerfield, and other the o impact and principal Eflates comprized in the faid Will and Codicil, and are not capable of immediate Improvement; and the laid Manor and Eflate of Bellfize lies remote from fuch Manfion Houfes, and fuch other Rea! Eflates of the faid late Earl, and therefore the faid Philip Earl of Chejler-field, and the faid feveral other Perfons in Remainder beneficially interefled under the faid recited Will and Codicil, are defirous that all fuch Eflates thould be veiled in Truflees difchnrged from the Ufes and Trufls of the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Cherjlerjield, deceafed, and of the faid recited Indenture of Settlement of the Firfl Day of May

One

ioi 5

47° GE0RG11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 58.

One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, in Trull to be fold ; and that the clear Monies thence arifing may be applied, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Real Eilates, to be fettled to the fubfifting Ufes of the faid Will and Codicil; but inai-much as by reafon of the Limitations contained in the faid W ill and ‘Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield decealed, the Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : Therefore Your Majeftv’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjects the faid Philip Earl of Chejlerfield, on Behalf of himfelf and his Infant Son the faid George Lord Stanhope ; the faid Michael Stanhope, Arthur Stanhope, and Henry Edwin Stanhope, on Behalf oi themfelves ; and alfo the laid Philip Earl of Chejlerfield, Arthur Stanhope, William Douglas, and Caroline Stanhope, on Behalf of the faid Philip John Stanhope, Henry Stanhope, and Charles George Stanhope, the Infant Sons of the faid John Stanhope de-ceafed, do moil humbly befeech Your Majeily that it may be enafted ; and be it enabled by the King’s moll Excellent Majeily, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all thofe the faid Manors or reputed Ivla- The Eilates nors of Horton, Slapton, Dagnall, and Elmere otherwife llmere, with the herein >le-Hereditaments and Appurtenances thereto belonging ; and alfo the Farm f^TrnaVes^ and Eilate of Stewkley, with the Manor and Eilate of Bucktand, the Ad- for Site, vowfon of the Church or Living of Elmere otherwife llmere, all in the faid Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Herts, fome or one of them ; and the Manor and Eilate of Hilton, and the chief Rents of Twenty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings, Five Shillings, and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, payable by the faid Earl of Harrington, Thomas Chawner, and Thomas Fitzherbert, out of their refpeftive Eilates at ElvaJlon and Cubley, and the Advowfon of the Church or Living of Church Somerfall otherwife Somerjhall Herbert, in the faid County of Derby, together with the feveral Meffuages or Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments, in the faid Town, and in the County of Nottingham, all which are particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed ; and the Reverfion and Reverlions, Remainder and R emainders, yearly and other Rents, Ilfues, and Profits thereof, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, fhall from and after the palling of this Aft, be fettled upon and veiled in, and the fame are from henceforth fettled upon and veiled in the Right Honourable John Thynne (commonly called Lord John Thynne) Arthur Stanhope and Willi am Strong Efquires, and their Heirs and Affigns, to the Ufe of them the faid John Thynne (commonly called Lord John Thynne') Arthur Stanhope and William Strong, their Heirs and Affigns, freed and abfolutely acquitted, difeharged, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againll all and every the Charges, Ufes, Trulls, Eilates, Terms of Years, Powers, Pro-vifoes, Limitations, and Agreements, created, declared, and made, of and concerning the fame Premifes, or any Part or Parts thereof, fave and except the faid Annuity of One thoufand Pounds a Year to the faid Lady Stanhope for her Life, in and by the faid recited Will and Codicil of the laid late Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield deceafed, or in and by the *aid recited Indenture of Set'lement of the Firll Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, or any of them, (fave and except the Leafes or Agreements for Leafes, to or with the Tenants or Occupiers of the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, made purfuant to the Powers in that BHhalf contained in the fame Will)

but

ioi6

47°GEORGll III. SciT; 2. Cap. 58.

but ncverthclefs upon the Trufts, and to and for the feveral Intents an A Purpofes, and fubjeft to the Provifocs and Declarations herein-after ex-prefi'td and declared, of and concerning the fame relpeclively ; (that is to lay), uponTruft that they the laid Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs ami Afligns of fuch Survivor, do and (hall, with all convenient Speed after the palling this Aft, with the Confent of the faid Philip now Earl of Cbeflcrjield, during his Life, and from and after his Deceafe, by and with the Confent and Approbation ol the Perfon or Perfons who for the 'l ime being would be entitled in Poffelhon, under the Devifcs and Limitations of the faid Will and Codicil, to the Rents and Profits of the Pre-mifes hereby fettled and veiled as aforefaid, in cafe this Aft had not been made, and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons ihall be an Infant or Infants, then by and with the Confent of the Guardian or Guardians of fuch Infant or Infants, fell and dilpofe of the faid Manors, Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, Livings, Advowfons, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premifes, fo hereby veiled in them the faid Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong as aforefaid, and in the Schedule to this Aft annexed more particularly mentioned and defcribed, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, either together or in Parcels, and by Publick Sale or private Contraft, unto any Perfon or Perfons who Ihall be w'illing to become the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, for the molt Money or for the bell Price or Prices that can be reafonably had or gotten for the fame ; and upon Payment of the Purchafe Monies in Manner herein-after mentioned, do and Ihall convey and allure fuch Manors, Advowfons, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premifes fo fold, unto and to the Ufe of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs or Alligns, or as he, Ihe, or they lhail direft or appoint, freed, i ifcharged, acquitted, exempted, and exonerated as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Manor, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, fituate, lying, and being in the faid Parilh retted in Trufr of Hampjlead, in the faid County of Middlefex, held for and during the Ktei tor Sale. Lives 0f the feveral Perfons named as CcJHtique Vies in the faid Leafe, and the Lives and Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, and in the Schedule to this Aft annexed more particularly mentioned and defcribed, fhall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be veiled in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby from henceforth veiled in and fettled upon the faid I.ord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, their Heirs and AHigns, to the Ufe of them the faid Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, their Heirs and Afligns, for and during the Lives of the feveral Perfons named as Ccjluiquc Vies in the faid Leafe, and the lives rnd Life of the Survivors and Survivor of them, (but under and fubjeft to the yearly Rents, Covenants, and Agreements, in the fame Leafe referved and contained, freed, difeharged, exempted, and exonerated of and from all and every the Ufes, 'lrufls,L(lates, Powers, Provifoes, Charges, and Limitations in and by the faid recited Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfciddeccafed, or in and by the faid recited Indenture of Settlement of the Firll Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, or any of them, created, limited, provided, and declared, of and concerning the fame ; but neverthelefs upon Trull that tVy the faid John Lord Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong,

or

ioi7

47°G EORG II III. Seir.2. Cap: $8.

ftr the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Pleirs or /vffigns of fuch Survivor, do, and {hall, with luch Confent as aforefaid, fell and difpoie of luch Lcafehcld Manor and Prertiifes, ei'her by publickSale or private Contract, and together or in Paresis, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fli3.ll be willing to become the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, for the molt Money and bed Price or Prices that can or may be reafonably had or gotten for the fame ; and upon Payment of tile Purchafe Monies in Manner herein-aiter mentioned, do and lhall convey and allure fucli Leafehold Manor and Premifes unto the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or as he, lhe, or they fhall direct or appoint, freed, dilcharged, acquitted, exempted and exonerated as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which fhall arife from any Sale or Sales, made in purfuance of this Acl, fhall be paid by the Perl'on or Perfons to whom iuch Sale or Sales fhall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchafers of the Settled Eilates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Cheflerfield, purfuant to the Method prelcribed by the Ad of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Firlt, Chapter the Thirty-fecond, and the General Orders of the laid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Aft of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the Money ariftng from fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid, after deduding fuch Colts, Charges, and Expences as herein-after-mentioned, lhall, upon Petition to the laid Court of Chancery in a ftimmary Way, by the laid Philip Earl of Chejlerfield, or in cafe of Iris Deceafe, by the Perfon or Perfons who, under the faid Will of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield deceafed, would for the Tune being (if this Ad had not been made) be beneficially entitled in Pofleliionto the Manors, Advowfons,FreeholdMelTuages,Lands,Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, hereby made faleable, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be of full Age, but if iuch PeTon or Perfons lhall be under Age, then by bis, her, or their Guardian or refpedive Guardians, during his, her, or their Minomy or rc'peftive Minorities, and under the Diredion of the faid Court;, be laid out ana mvelted in the Purchafe or Purchafes of other Manors, Mef-fuates. Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments oflnheritance, as Had be contiguous or convenient to be holdtn or enjoyed with the faid Settled Eilates not herein before direded to be fold as aforefaid, and as fhall be approved of by the fai l Court; and from and immediately after the nuking or fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, the MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, lhall be conveyed, fettled, and allured to, upon, and for fuch and fo many of the TJfes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and under and fubjed to fuch and fo many of the Provifoes, Limitations, and Reflridions, in and by the faid reared Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield, deceafed, limited and declared of and concerning the aforefaid Manors and Ercehold MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereby fettled, as lhall be then fubfuting, and capable of taking effed.

[Lac. x£ Ptr.~\	ilB

Purchafe Monies fo be paid into the Back.

Surp'us of Purchafe Monty to be laid cut »n the Puicha'e of ©tlie f Elt.ttg,

V. And

ici8	47°GEORGII	III.	Setf.2.	dap..$ 3:

mto'lhe	be ^ fa!'her enaSed, That in the mean Time, ancl until the

Bink^howto Monies arifing from fuch Sale or Sales, lhall be inverted in fuch Purchafe be- apj 1 td v.i or purchafes as aforqfaid, the fame fnall from Time to Time be laid out by t... nic.n.t me. t|ie Accountant General under the Direction of the faid Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Intereft arifing from the Money fo laid out in the laid Navy or Victualling Bill or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they fnall reipeSively be paid off by Government, Hull be laid out in the Purchafe of other Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills; ail which faid Navy and Victualling or Exchequer Bills lhall be depofited in tire Bank, in the Name of the faid .Accountant G^keral,ancl lhall there remain until a proper Purchafe or Pur-chafes lhall be found and approved (as before direCted) and until the fame lhall upon a Petition, fetting forth fuch Approbation, to be preferred to the faid Courtol Chancery in a l uminary way by the faid Philip Earl oiChe/lerfield, or by or on the Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time being lhall be beneficially entitled in Poffeffion to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo to be purchaled as aforefaid ; or if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be under Age, then of his or their Guardian or Guardians be ordered to be fold by the Accountant General, for the completing any fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, in fuch Manner as the faid Court lhall think juft and meet ; ?.nd if the Money arifing by the Sale of any fuch Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, which lhall have been purchafed as aforefaid, lhall ex. ceed the Amount of the original Purchafe Money fo laid out as aforefaid, then and in that cafe only the Surplus which lhall remain lhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchafed purfuant to this AS, or to the Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

be it further enacted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Court

..... of Chancery, and the faid Court i3 hereby authorized and required, from

Time to Time, to make fuch an Order as the faid Court lhall think fit, for taxing or fettling all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which lhall have been incurred in preparing and paffmg this AS, and in making the feveral Applications to the faidCourt in purfuance thereof,andin making ami completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made faleable, and in invefting all or any of the Monies which under this AS lhall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the DireSions herein contained, or otherwife in carrying the Trufts and Purpofes of this AS into complete Execution ; and alfo from Time to Time to make an Order for Payment of all fuch Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Monies which lhall arife from the Sale or Sales of any Lands or Hereditaments under this AS, and lhall be fo paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies arifing by Sale of the Navy or ViSualling or Exchequer Bills, fo to be purchafed as aforefaid.

Wli»t thill be deemed a dif-charge to the Purchafer for his purchafe Money.

VII.	And be it further enaSed, That the Certificate or Certificates of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, under his Hand, together with the Receipt or Receipts of the Calhier of the Bank of England, to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in'the Regilter Office of the faid Court of Chancery, lhall from Time to Time, and at ail Times, be a good and fufficient Diicharge and good and fufficient Difcharges to fuch Pur-chafer or Purehafers of the faid Manors and other Hereditaments and Pre-

3	mifes,

ioi9

47° GEORGII ITT. Self. 2. Cap.58,

mifes, hereby made faleable as aforefaid, or anv Part or Parts thereof, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors,* Adminiftrators, and Afligns refpectively, for fo much of the faid Purchafe Money for which fuch Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, fhall be fo given ; and fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, fhall be and are and is hereby abfolutely and for ever freed, acquitted, and difeharged of and from the fame; and he, fhe, or they, or any of them, after fuch Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, fhall be fo filed, fhall not be anfwcrable or accountable for any Lofs, Mif-application, or Non-application of the faid Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That* in the mean Time and until fuch Until s-.ie. Sale or Sales fhall be made, as aforefaid, of theManors, Hereditaments, and 1'tdas * Premifes, hereby authorized to be fold, and comprized in the Schedule'here- lieieiofurc. unto annexed, they the faid Lord John Thynne, Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Afligns of fuch Survivor, fhall permit and fuffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by the faid Philip Earl of Chejierfield, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as would refpeftively have been entitled thereto, and ought to have received the fame, r.i cafe this Aft had not been made.

IX.	Provided always^ That if the faid Philip Earl of Chejierfield, or any other Perfon or Perfons, who (if this prefent Aft had not been made and palled) would for the Time being have been entitled in Poffeffion to the faid Manors, Advcwfons, and other Hereditaments and Premifes, hereby vefted and fettled as aforefaid. fuch Perfon or Perfons then being of the Age of Twenty-one Years or upwards, fhall at any Time before the Whole of the faid Manors, Advowfons, and other Hereditaments and Premifes, vefted and fettled as aforefaid, fhall be fold in purfuance of this Aft, be minded and defirous that the fame Manors and Advowfons and other Hereditaments and Premifes fo remaining unfold, or any Part or Parts thereof) fhall not be fold, and fhall fignify fuch his, her, or their Mind or Defire, by any Writing or Writ ngs under their, his, or her Hands or Hand, cf the Truitee or Truflees for the Time being for carrying the Trufls of this Aft into Execution, then and in fuch Cafe all the Trufts, Intents, andPurpof s. Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations, herein declared and contained for the S le of the fame Manors, Advowfons, and other Hereditaments and Pretni es, or fuch of them as the faid Philip Earl of Chejierfield, and fuch Perfon or Perfons refpectively as aforefaid, lhall defire not to be fold, fhall cede and be void ; and the fame Manors, Advowfons, and other Hereditaments and Premifes fo remaining unfold, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as aforefaid, fhall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed by the Truflees or Truflee for the Time being to fuch Dies, and for fuch Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeft to fuch Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as would be therein refpectively fubfilting under or bv virtue of the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejierfield, in cafe this Aft had not been made ; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the faid Lord John Thynne, Powtrof

Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, or any of them, or any Truflee or	°r

Truflees, who fhall be appointed in the Room or Stead_of them or any of ncw°Trujle«.

them,

If the Enrl of Ciielttrfuld, or any future Tenan for Life in Poflef-lion, and his eldefi Son, fhall be defirous that the tnfold Eftates fliould not be fold, and fliould give the Ti uftees Notice, then the Power of Sale to ceafe, and the unfold Edates fhall be re-conveyen to the Dies of the iate Earl's Will*

1020

Trupees to detain to an-iwer Goto.

Rent Charges tlifchargerl br this riii (ba 1 remain Charges upon the JEltatcb unlulct.

470 GEORG11 IU. Seff.a: Cap.#.

them, as herein-after mentioned, or tlieir or any of their Heirs or Afligns, ihall die, or be defirous to be iulVh;irged front the Trails hereby created, then and in every fueh cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery, in a fmnmcry way, on a Position to be preferred by the laid Philip Earl of CbeJUrjicld, or by the Perfcm or Perfons who would under the Limitations of the laid Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfeld deceafed, be beneficially entitled in Poffeflion to the Manors, Advowfons, Mefl'uages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, hereby made fakahle as afore Said r if fuel) Perfon or Per-fons Ihall be of full Age ; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons Ihall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian nr respective Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority or refpeftive Minorities, to appoint any Perfon or Perfons propofed in the laid Petition, or any Perfon or Perfons named by the Court, to be a draftee or Trustees in the Room or Stead of the Truf-tee or Truftees fo dying or defining to be difeharged ; and thereupon all fuch Manors, Advowfons, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, or fuch of them as Ihall remain unfold, (hall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in fueh Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in fuch new Truftee or Truftees folely, or jointly with the continuing Truftee or Truftees, as the Circum-flances of the Cafe fhall require, upon the Trufts, and for the Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes herein declared of and concerning the fame, or fuch of them as (hall be then fubfifting or capable of taking effect ; and fuch new Truftee or Truftees fhall, to all Intents, Effefts, Contractions, and Purpofes whatfoever, have alt the Powers and Authorities of the Truftee or Truftees in whole Room or Stead he or they fhall be fub-ftituted.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the prefent or future Truftees of this Aft fhall be anfwerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or for involuntary Lofles ; and (hat by and out of any Monies which fhall come to their or his hands or hand, by virtue of any of the aforefaid Trufts, it fhall be lawful for them or hint to retain to andreimbuife themfelves and himfelf refpeftively, all the Cofts, Charges-and Expences which they or he may refpeftively incur or fuftain in carrying the Trufts of the prefent Aft into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That notwithftanding Part of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, originally fubjefted to the faid Annuities or yearly Rent Charges of One hundred Pounds to the faid Charles Stanhope, Eighty Pounds to the faid James

' Wa/Jh, and Twenty Pounds to the laid Jemmy Waljh, and to the faid Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Eight hundred Pounds to the faid Henrietta Countefs of CheJterficU, for her Jointure as aforefaid, are by the Operation of this Aft freed and difeharged of and from the fame Annuities or Rent Charges, and all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for compelling the Payment thereof ; yet nevtrthelefs the faid Annuities or yearly Rent Charges fhall refpeftively be and remain, and continue to be iffuing and payable out of the Refidueof the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Here-.itaments, originally charged therewith, and not hereby veiled in Truft to be fold as aforefaid, with a'l Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of the fame from and out of fuch

Rtfidue

1021

!

*>

i

iH

I

«

%

b

td

k

fe

s

»*

nil

«i

d

its

ii-i

itia

R»

a. is (U ifcj

&B,

cia

«»

t&f tht it ef «of jam

ilfS

EOT'

>F

tod

5$

lid

/3?

I is-

rsd

ftf-

IS*

gd

3*

%

:■

i*

|

id

*

4.7® GEOR GII III. SefT.2. Cap, 58.

Refidue of the fame Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, in fuch and the fame Manner as if the Lid Refidue of the fa id Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, had been originally the only Premifes fubjeS to the Payment of the fame Annuities or yearly Rent Charges.

XIII. Saving always to the King's rnoft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and General SuccefTors, and to the faid Lady Stanhope, in refpecl: to her faid Annuity Sjv;3£-of One thoufand Pounds for her Life charged on the Eftates in the County of Bucks as aforefaid, and to all and every other Pcribn and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their lefpe&ivc Heirs, Succeffors,

Executors, and Adminiftrators. other than and except the faid Philip Earl of Chejlerfield, and his firfl: and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the Body of fuch Sons refpeclively ; and except the firfl and other Sons of the faid Ferdinand Stanhope decea!ed, and the Heirs Male of the Body of fuch Sons refpeclively ; and alfo except the firfl; and other Sens of the faid Edtvin Francis Stanhope deceafed, and the Heirs Male of the Body of fuch Sons refpeclively ; and alfo except the Truftees of the faid Leafehold Premifes, and the Truftees to prefetve Contingent Remainders, in the faid \Vill of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield deceafed ; and alfo except the faid feveral Annuitants Charles Stanhope, James Waljh, and Sentry H'ai/h, and except the faid Henrietta Countcfs of Chejlerfield ; and alfo except the right Heirs of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield deceafed; and Alio except all and every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, and their Heirs Or IfTue, claiming or deriving any Eftate, Title, or Intereft, tmdet or by virtue of- the Lid Will and Codicil of the faid Philip Dormer Earl of Chejlerfield deceafed, or under or by virtue of any of the Eftates,

Lhintafions, VL-6, Trails, Charges, Powers, or other Provilions therein (except the Perfon or Perfons claiming in refpecl of any Leafes made pur-fuanrto the Powfcr in that Behalf contained in the faid Will) all fuch Elute, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to er out of the laid'Manors and other Hereditaments and Premifes, hereby veiled and fettled as aforefaid, and every or any Part thereof, as they, tvsry, or ahv. of them, had before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have had, held, ot enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made. *

XIV. And be it farther enacted, That this Aft (hall be printed by the Act to be Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty ; and a Copy thereof fo Lr“tfdp *11 * printed, fhrdlbe admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jufticcs, and t-.r"** JU“’ others.

[Lee. & Per.]	12	C

The

1

1022

4-7°GEORGII III. Scit.2. Cap.5S.

* n: !	a)o -j

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Ad refers.

In the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Herts,

tn the Pariihes of DAGNALL, EDELSBOROUGH, STUDHAM, and WHIPSNADE.

Quantity of Acri

In the County of Bucks.

In the Pariih of ELMERE, otherwife ILMERE j

The Manor of Elmere, otherwife Ilmere, with ita Rights, Royalties, and Appurtenances.

I : C !

The Perpetual Advowfon of the Re&ory of Ilmere, with 1 the Vicarage annexed	-	-	-	/

A Farm called the Middle Farm, in the Occupation of 1 John Kingham, containing	-	J-	-J

A Farm called the Lower Farm, in the Occupation of 1 John Kingham, containing	-	-	- /

A Farm called Ilmere Grounds, in the Occupation of] John Darville, containing	-	-J

The Manor of Horton and Slapton, comprizing a few I Freehold Quit Rents, of the annual Value of -	-	J

The Manor of Dagnall, and a Farm called the Upper I Farm in the Occupation of Thomas Batchelor con- > taining	-	-	-)

A Farm called the Lower Farm, in the Occupation of 1 Richard Gaddefden, containing	-	-	/

A Clofeof Land called How Clofe, in the renting of thel Earl of Bridgewater, containing	-	-j

A Cottage built on a Piece of Wade belonging to the] Manor, at a Quit Rent of	-	-j

Annual Quit Rents, amounting to	-

a. k. r.

»J9 3 4 268 3 6 610 00 3S

535 1 5

19S 1 24 127 2 27 7'	3	ij

Yearly Rent*.

£. d. — 7 I0f

ijo----

150----

476

— 5 ~

3 2

So .8; J30 ■ 63 ■

47° GEORGII III. SeiT.2. Cap.58

I02J

• - :t ' ■ i wo- * jt a

A Tenement, and Cow Commons, called Co; bour, in the Occupation cjf John Gonun, containing	-	;	-

A Cottage and Garden in the Occupation of the Rider, containing Annual Quit Rents, amounting to A Modus paid by Matthew Rapcr, Elquire

In theParih of STEWKLEY ;

A Farm called Littlecoat Farm in the Occupation of 1 Jofeph Webb, containing A Clofe called Old Eeighton Clofe, in the Occ of James Beavan, containing

In the Parilh of BUCKLAND ;

Farm, in the Occupation of William Denham containing	-	-

A Piece of Land, let to	Griffin

Annual Quit Rents, amounting to .Fines andHenots (Communions annis)

An Annual Rent paid by tue Grand Junction Company	-

In the County of Derby.

In the Parifnes of HILTON, ELY ASTON, and

SOMERSALL j

Rent of -	.	.	’

A Piece or Land let to Gervaife Smith, at A Chief Rertt, lffuing out of the Earl of HarrlncrtOn's] El.ate at Elvafttn, of	-	_ °	_	l

ACh’ef Rent, charged on the Eilate of the Reverend] Thom is Fitzherbert	-	w	„	.J

A Chief Kent, charged on the Eilate of Thomas , Chawner Efquire, of	.	.	i

(Quantity of Acres	Yearly Reiiti.
A. R. r.	si
| j6 * 33	18 — —
l  } o i 17	a S —
. - -	— *5 7 8*6
414 3 6	
J- 116 2 S	I JO		
| y 3 10	*J	
146 1 8	
| 44 3 *S	40	
IOO	~ 5 —
- - -	*3 S 6
	10	  	 12 	
CO  eo  w-	
\\ - - •	4J 10 8
	— 18 —
- . .	32 13 —
	
	— s —
- - •	3 6 8
k • ■	80 — —

1

*9*4 47*GE0RGII Itr- ge(r.2. Cap. 58.

ft! the Town df Nottingham.

A Dwelling Houfe, fituate id Cheapfide, Nottingham,' in the Occupation of Mr6. Mather, at a Rent of -J A Dwelling Hotlfe, in the Middle Pavement of the faid't Town, in the Occupation of Mr. Huthwaite, at a > Rent of	-	-	J

AFarrier’s Shop and Premifes in the Middle Pavement,'! in the Occupation of Thomas Fcarnhead, at a Rent > of	-	-	-	1

A Small Hotlfe in tha faid Middle Pavement in the Occupation 0/ Thomas Selby, at a Rent of A Dwelling Houfe, fituate in Bottle Lane, in the Occupation of George Nelfon, at a Rent of A Clofe of Land fituate at Beafhill, in the faid Town.v in the Occupation of John Feilowes Efquirc, but Com- J mon part of the Year; viz. from Auguft to November, j containing about	-	-	-	J

I ■ * L ’f /HVl

>5'	..J~

In the County of Nottingham.

In the Pari ill at fcNENTON;

terfein Allottnenta of Land let to John Summers, Tho-'y mas Wright, Thomas Femhead, John Colclhaw, I Richard /ilvey,	Allenborough, add Charles f

OlBorne, cbntaining	-	-	-J

in the Parifti of HINTHAM 5

Certain Allotments of Land, comprizing

In the Parifh of CAUNTON;

An Allotment cf Land, let to Jeff, Taylof, containing

Itt the Couhfy of Middlesex.

Id the Pariih of HAMPSTEAD ;

The Manor of Belfize, and the feveral Farms and Lands following, held upon Lives df the Dead and Chapter of tVeltnJinller ; viz.

A Dwelling Houfe, Farm, and Lands, ifi the OCcupa-1

tion of Johti Milligan Efquirc, contaididg -	‘■	J

Quantify of Acres. Yearly Rents.

■ -a’I e t

So*

30 o t8

5* 3 3i

«9 S

£. /. d.

4 4 —

1 .1 a.

JJ--------

4

4*

44 to —

jo —

102

47° GEORGII III. Sell 2. Gup. 58.

A Foute, Cottage, Bam, and Lands', in the Occupation 7 of John Holyland, containing	-	-	J

Two Houfes, Orchard, and Gardens, in the Occupation I of	Compigne,	containing

A Houfir, Garden, and Lands, in the Occupation of Mr. Pryor, containing Three Houfes, Garden, and Intake, in the Occupation of Thomas Roberts Efquire Belli ze Houfe, Garden, Orchard, Park, and Land in the Occupation of the Right Honourable Spencer Perce val.	-

A Farm and Lands in the Occupation of Thomas Al-laly >	-	-	-	5

A Farm and Lands, in the Occupation of William Ro- £ thery, containing	-	-	-	V

Three Houfes, Gardens, and Land, in the Occupation of J B. H. Englilh, containing -	-	-	J

A Piece of Wafte, in the Occupation of B.H. Englifh 7 containing	-	-	-	J

The lied Lion Public Houfe	-	-

A Houfe and Land, in the (Occupation of Ralph Keddy A Houfe and Land, containing about Nineteen Perches,!

in the Occupation of William Bonnington	*-	J

A fmall Piece of Ground at Haverftock Hill, in the Oc cupation of Mrs. Marfh, containing	*

-i

Quantity of Ac t?*.

A.	R.	p.
4°	O	w
	2	20
ai	I	*7
4	I	2S
42	3	13
3<>	1	13
44	3	13
21	2	»3
0	1	10
0	0	20
0	0	
0	0	26

Yearly Rcm«.

£. t. d. i(io — —

I0I--------

10 — —

237 13 — jy6 9 —

220 - —

9'-----

in 6

3 o----

i 35------

in 6

The Eftates comprized in the Will of the Right Honourable Philip Dormer, Earl of CheiTerfield, deceafed, on which the faid yearly Rent Charges, of One hundred Pounds to Charles Stanhope, Eighty Pounds to James Wallh, and Twenty Pounds to Jempiy Wallh, and the Jointure of Eight hundred Pounds to Henrietta Countefs of Chefterfield, are charged, and which are not to be fold or difpofed of by virtue of this Adt, are of the annual Value of Six thoufand Pounds and upwards.

Ur‘" Strong Steward to the faid Earl.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

I



[Lx. 5s* Pji. j

13 D

• f.

J jril

'	•	f	-



A

• '

'

7	'	.V.	-	•

> ^

5 .a?	.. .	J,;-	•••■*»

' T»T ::	Ufi	JO	-*	V

( a> . »	.. .	.	-ii{	i	.•	•



•	’	J	.	■**	,	.	J	>v	.•!	y.	.	■	«	.	•	f!	■■	i	'	-■!)	,1	.

-	-*%•"	'	*	'	1	J	1	-	’	ti	-	**	-

■;	!>«J-	4-	■'	■	1	’£	•	,	•&■$.	-	.	1

.»rV3#	J	1	t	;	•’	: I • ■ ■ JtinT,'''• r '

,	V	,I,J-L	k>	v*	.•■>.')•	'.:-'.:b~oWa"	r	:-•«» Tip ;hirfv;	•>

.: 1 i.■ jii	>1	!)r,	iutuh	n	..	.	«./

•f ’J i \ :.’l	:	-r.>»:2-	ft-.VJ	>-U





'	:	;i,	Va	....	.	.	!	I	■

.vOoi . !ix‘	iloiu	a'jjpiX	air:	oj	mmuL'*

rrife .*$,	>	■	;-v	•

:l:x:





a *:



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

<NKM»*»»i|H|t»*i>**»»»**********»**»»***iMlj»*t«** m+*******

Cap. 59.

An A ft to enable Henrietta Weft Spinfter, and James Weft Efquire, and their Lefleefor the Time being, to grant Building Leafes of certain Lands (devifed by the Will of Sarah Weft deceafed) in the Parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Eermondfey, in the County of Surrey.	[ ill Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS by Indenture of Leafe, bearing Date the Twenty- Tnd«nt-»re, fourth Dav of September One thoufand feven hundred and fever,tv, James Weft of Alftct in the County of Warwick 'Tu’h jnn-» Efquire, and Sarah his Wife, demifed unto John Rolls (now deceafed) of the Parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Eermondfey, in the County of Surrey, wifc«iemifca the fever.il MelTuages, Lands, ar.d Hereditaments fituate and being in the Pariih of Saint Mary Magdalen, Eermondfey, in the County of Surrey, in the rju on lid. faid Indenture mentioned, and in the Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed particularly deferibed, to hold unto the faid John Rolls, his Executors, Admi-niftrators, and Affigns, from the Feaft Day of Saint Michael the Archangel next enfuing the Date of the faid Indenture of Leafe for and during the Term of Sixty-one Years, yielding and paying, during the faid Term, unto the fame James IVeJi and Surtfiiiis Wife, their Heirs or Afligns, the yearly Rent or Sum of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds: And whereas by In- $ir>h uv.ft denture of Leafe, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of December One thou-fand feven hundred and leventy-eight, the faid Sarah Weft, then of Pert- V'lohf p.f *. man Square in the County of Mtddlejex, Widow, demifrd unto the faid Jqbn Rolls the feveral Mefluases, Lands, and Tenements Gcuate, lying,

[Lee. if Per.J	13 E	and

1070

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 59.

and being in the Parilh of Bermondfey aforefaid, in the faid Indenture mentioned, and in the Second Schedule- to this A 61 annexed particularly defcribed, to hold unto the fa d John Rolls, his Executors, Adminillra-tors, and Afligns, from the Eealt Day of Saint Michael the Archangel then lafl pall, for and during the Term of Sixty-one Years, yielding and paying unto the Did Sarah Weft, her Heirs or Afligns, the yearly R^ntof Weft -vy Two hundred and fifty Pounds: And whereas the faid Sarah Weft duly ‘,il’Led made and publilhed her Eft Will and Teftamer.t in Writing, in the Man-d-'nhfcd oef-5 ner prefcribed by Law, for Devifes ot Re.d Eftares, beaiing Date the tain Prerm es Thitd Day of June in the Year of Our Lord One thoufand feven hundred t"eu'fc ofthe" an^ nmety five. and did thereby give and devife, amongft other Thtrgs, PeiCms herein all her Mefluages Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fituate and mentioned, being in the feveial Parilhes of Saint John, Southwark, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, or elfewhere, in the County of Surrey, unto and to the Ule of JVilliam Sheldon of Gray’s Inn in the County of Middle/ex Efquire, and John Hofter of Great George Street, Weftminfter, Efquire, and their Heirs, upon Truft, by Mortgage or Sale of a competent Number or Part of the faid Hereditaments, or out of the Rents and Profits thereof, to raife fuch Sum or Sums of Monty as (houid be neceffary to pay all the Mortgage Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances fecured or charged upon the lame; and alfo upon Truft, out of the Kents and Profits of the faid Hereditaments, to taife and levy the yearly Sums of One hundred and fifty Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, and pay the fame relpedivcly unto her laid Daughter Henrietta Weft, and her Grandlon Thomas Philip Weft, during their relpc-tive Lives, as therein mentioned ; and, fubjedtto the faid Trulls, the laid Teflatrix declared that her faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Surrey and LJfex, fhould be in Trult for her Daughters tne Right Honourable Sarah Lady Archer and the faid Henrietta Wejl, and the Survivor of them, for and during their Lives and the Life of fuch Survivor; and from and after rhe Detealc of the Survivor of them, the fame fhould be in Truft fur her Grandlon James Wejl, for and during his Life, and from and after his Deccafe in 1'ruil for the Firft Son cf her faid Grandlon James Weft, and the Heirs Mali; of the Body of fuch Firft Son; and in Default of fuch Ifluc, in Truft for the Second and every other Son of her faid Grandfon, ieverally and fucceffively in Tail Male; and in Default of luch Ifl'ue, ih Truft for her faid Grandlon Thomas Philip Wejl, and his Heirs for ever: And the laid Teflatrix did, in and by her laid Will, declare that it lhould and might be lawful to and for her faid Daughters Sarah Lady Archer and Henrietta IVeJl, and the Survivor of them, and her faid Grandlon James Weft, as and when they reflectively fhould be in the actual PofTeflion of the laid Mefluages, Land5, Tenements, and Hereditaments, under and by virtue of theTrufh of the faid Will, by Indenture or Indentures under their refpedtive Hands and Seals, to demife or leafe the lame Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof refpetlively, unto any Perfon or Perfons, for any Term or Number of Yeats, not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, in Poliefiion, fo as upon every luch Demife or Leafe there be referved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof, the belt and mofl improved yearly Rent or Rents that could be rcafonably had or gotten for the fame, without any Sum of Money or other Thing being taken by Way of Fine or Premium, for or

47cGEORGII III; Sefl*.2. Cap.$9.	1031

in refpeff of the making thereof; and fo as no fuch Demife or Leafe be made dllpuni hable of Wade, and fo as in every fuch De.nife or Leafe there be contained a Claufe or Condition of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby t6 be relerved, and fo as every P^rfon to whom any fuch D?m:fe or Leafe fha'1 be made do execute a C mnterpart thereof:

And wh-reas the lai FSdrab Weft departed this Life on or abouc the Twenty-

firft D ijr of April in the Year cf our Lord One thousand ("even hundred

and ninety -nine, without revoking, or altering her faid Will, leaving her

faid Daughters Sarah "Lady Archer, ami Henrietta IVft, and her faid

Grandfon Jarr.es Weft, her iurviving: And whereas the fiid Sarah Lady

Archer departed this Life on cr ab ;ut the Twenry-feventh D y of February

in the Year of our Lord One thoufai.d eight hundred and one, and the laid

Thomas Philip' IVeft diction or about the Eleventh Day of May in the

Year of our Lord One fhoul’and Even hundred and ninety-lrven, an

Infant, of the Age Of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, unmarried, and

without Iflue, leaving the laid James tVft, h:s only Brother and H ir at

Law: And whereas the faid Henrietta Weft is now in Receipt of the Rents

and Profits of the faid Effaces, under and by virtue of the faid Will cf

the faid Sarah Weft, and has never been married: And whereas the faid wiil«fj->!m

"John Rolls departed this Life oh the Eighth Day of September in the Year RjU ret‘tei1'

of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and one, pofleiied of the faid

Leafes and of the faid Mefluages, Land?, and Hereditament', thereby

dem’fed for the Remainder of the faid Terms of Sixty-one Years, and

Sixty-cne Years thereby leverally granted, having firit duly made and

published his laft Will and Tefiamenc in Writing, bearing Dare the

Twenty-fixth Day of Auguft in the Year of our L rd Ore thoufand eight

hundred, and thereby gave and devifed all his Freehold Mefluages,

Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the fever,.! Counties of Surrey,

Monmouth, and Middlc/ex, and ellewhere, unto arid to the Ufe of Jus Wife Sarah Rolls, his Scn-in-law Felix Whitmore, and ihe above named John Hoftrr, and their Heirs, in Truff, after the Payment of certain Annuities, Debts, and Lrgacies therein directed to be paid for his Son John Rolls, for and during his Life, without Impeachment of W„lte, and after his dreeafe, in Truff for fhc Firit Son of the faid Join Rolls, and for the Heirs Male of the Body of fuch Firft Son, with divers Remainders ove', and the faid Teftabr declared that it fhoufd be lawful to and for his f id- 5cm, for and during hi? Life, by Indenture, or Indentures under his H? 11 a d Seat, to demile or leife’nis faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, ami-Hen■dir.urte^itt', or any of them, unto .any Per fun or Ptrions for any Ty T ' NurftVr Of Years; hot exceeding Nir.ety-nitje Ycar^, rp Puf-

; V ft V, r ’■ W , of future liner ft, Id as upon

trP't'f hF%i.yf}lthnt)emtf<*‘or Lepfe rfceite Be /efcnjeclj and made payable thereof, (Ke b ft and moft improved yearly Rent c* Re" s thftbtfbWd tie rFafonably had or "gotten for the fame, witjaouc xt1 c i.m of Mdney, dr other Thing being taken by Way of Fine or p.e;r:ij-r. for dr in r'^fpeOVof the glinting thereof j and, fo as no fuch Betfue’-er Leafe be made (Jifounithable of Wafte, or without a Claufe or t nilib - of Re-entry', on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be rehrved; and fo as every Perfon to whom any Lch Demif? or Leafe fho'hd be made do execute a Cdupce'rpart there.:fAnd the faid Teflacor did alfo gtve and bequeath, all"the Mr Images, Lands, and Tenements fltuate and being in the* County oF Surrey, or e flew He re, which htheid by Leafe

for

103:

47* GEORG!I ill. Sell'. 2. Cap. $9.

for any Term or Terms of Years, fubjeef to the Life Intereft of his faid Wife, in the Meffuagc and oiher Premifes which he then inhabited, and all his renewable or other Intereft therein at the Tune of his Deceafe, unto his faid Wile and Son in-law Felix Whitmore, and the faid John llofier, their Executors and Adminiftrators, in Truft for fuch Perfon or Pcrfons, and Lr fuch Eltates and Interefts, and in fuch Order and Manner as arc in his faid Will before limi.ed, declared, expreffed, or directed, of or concerning his faid Freehold Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or as near thereto as might be, or the Nature thereof would admit, to 1 he I tent that his faid Leafeho.d Mefiuages, Lands, and Tenements, might be held and enjoyed, and go along with his faid Freehold Mcliu ges. Lands, Tencmems. and Hereditaments, fo far as might be, and <he Rules cf Law oir Equity woulJ allow; and after bequeathing fever-1 Legacies, the faid Teftator appointed his faid Wife, and his Son the faid John Rolls, Executors of his faid Will: And whereas the faid Sarah Roils died in the Life-time of the Teftator, on the Seventh Day of September in the Year One thoufand eieht hundred and one, and the faid John Rolls the Son proved the faid Will in the Prerogative Court of his G ace the Archbilhop of Canterbury, and took on himfelf the Execution thereof: And whereas the faid John Rolls the Father, in his Lift-ttnte, let off divers Parts of the Lands and Tenements fo demifed to him by the before-mentioned Leafes to feveral Pcrfons for the Whole ar ntarly the Whole of his Term therein, which under Leffees have laid out large Sums of Money, and confiderably improved the Premifes demifed to them refptdively, but great Part of the Land fo demifed to the faid John Rolls deceafed ftill remains in the Poffcflion and Occupation of the faid John Rolls the Son, under or by virtue of the Bequtft in his faid Father’s Will, or is held by fundry Perfons as Tenants to him for Ihort Terms of Years: And whereas the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands fo in the Pofllffion and Occupation of the faid John Rolls the Son, or of the Perfons as Tenants to him for fltorc Terns of Years, being the Lands particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Third Schedule to this Ad d'jce't'e Tons' innext<h may *3e gtcatly improved if Demifesor Leafes were granted for fuch Term or Terms of Years as would induce Perfons to expend Monies M.mevun jn Building upon the faid Lands and Tenements, or in making other Improvements thereon; but by Reafon of the Limitations, or Devifes contained in the Will of the faid Sarah Wejl, no fuch Demifes or Leafes can be effedually granted, during the Remainder now to come of the respective Terms fo granted to the faid John Rolls deceafed, without the Aid and Auhority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal Subjeds the faid Henrietta Wejl, James Wejl, and John Rolls, do moft humbly belecch Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it eraded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afit-mblcd, and by the Authority of the lame, Thar, from and after the palling of this Ad, and at any Time or Times during the Remainder of each of the faid feveral Terms of Sixty-one Years, and Sxty-one Years fo granted to the faid John Rolls deceafed, by the hereinbefore mentioned Indentures of Leafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Henrietta Wejl and James Weft, or the Survivor of them, and from and after the Deceafe of fuch Survivor, to and for fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as may be entitled to the faid Mefiuages, Lands, and Hereditaments

Premiff*

might be greatly improved if Leafei were

Building*.

Henrietta Welt und James Welt, vi h Iohn Rolls, may gram L^afe'

111 the Manner herein-n>«n-tiriiid of the laid t e ifehwld Premifes elemiieil to

. ^	. I . eyM Ik- i.	%	I	'

47°georgh in. sett. 2. Cap.$9.,	*033

ments of the faid SaraF /Tc/?, under or by virtue of her laid Will, with the laid John Rails the Son, pr the Perfon or Perfons who for the Time ,iertheln-being fhall be entitled to the faid Lehfeholtj PremiJ^, under the Will of dentur« bt. the laid John Rolls deceafed, if fuch Pet ton or. Perfons (hall 'be of lull tiUned.

Agej but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be under Age, then with his, her, or their Guardim or refpeftive Guardians, {luripgfiis, her, or their Minority or refpeftive Minorities by Indenture.or Indentures, to be- by them refpeftively fealed and delivered, to demife, leale, and grant all, or any Part or Parts of the faid Land_s and.Hereditament*, granted anti demifed to the faid Jolrtt Rolls deceafed, in and by the-faid relpeftive Indentures of Leafe of the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thou-fand ftven hurdred and feventy, and the Fifteenth Dayfot December One thoufand foven hundred and feventy-eighr, as are particularly mentioned and deferibed in the Third Schedule to this Aft annexed, to any Perfon or Perfons wilting to take the fame for the Improvement thereof, by erefting Buildings or otherwife, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to take effeft in Poflcflion not in Reverfion, or by Way of future lmercft, fo as upon every fuch Dcmife or Leafe, there be referved and made payable during the Continuance thereof, the belt and moft improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reafooabiy had or gotten for the fame, without any Sum of Money or other Thing being taken by Way ot Fine, Foregift, or Premium for the granting thereof, and fo as no fuch Demile or Leafe be made difpuhilhable of Wafie, or without a Claufe or Condition of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be referved, or on Non-performance of the Covenants therein to be contained, and fo as the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Demifc or Leafe be made do execute a Counterpart thereof, and fo as the Rent or Rents to be referved and made payable by the faid Leafe or Leafes refpeftively be referved and made payable in Manner following; that is to fay, for and during fo long of the Term or T erms by the hid Leafe or Leafes refpeftively granted as fhall be equal to the Time or Number of Yeas then ta come in the faid Terms, by the faid refpeftive Indentures of Leafe of the Twentv-fourth Day of September One thoufand feven hurdred and feventy, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and feven'v-eight, refpeftively granted to the faid John Roils deceafed; Two Third Pans of the faid Rent and Rmts fhall be referved and made payable to the faid John Rolls or his Afligns, or to the Perfon or Perfons entitled under the Will of the faid John Rolls deceafed, to the Rems and Profits of the Freehold and Leafehold Eftates thereby divifed, and the remaining Third Part of the faid Rent or Rents (hall be referved and made payable to the faid Henrietta IVeJl or her Afligns during her Life, and after her De-ceale to tbc Perfon or Perfons who may be entitled in Poff-flion under the Will of the faid Sarah IVeJl deceafed, to the Rents and Profits of the Freehold Eftates in the County of Surrey, given and devifed in and by her faid Will, and from and after the Expiration of the refpeftive Terms granted by the faid refpeftive Indentures of Leafe of the Twenty-fourth Day of Septemler One thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-cght} the Wnole of the Rent and Rents to be referved and made payable by the Leafes or Derrtifos fo to be granted in purfuance ot this Aft (hall be referved and made payable to the faid Henrietta IVeJl or her Afligns dudna her Life, and after her Dtceafe to the Perfon ur Perfons [Lee. Es5Per.1}	i	J f	for

T°34

Referved

Rents payable under the recited Indentures t eon* tinue payable;

But an Aba'e-m*nt fliali oe ma !e fr»m f uii refcrved Rtnis of 11. per An um For every Acre leafed in p irluance of this Att,

General

Saving.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 59.

for the Time being entitled in Pofleflion to the Rents and Profits of the Freehold Eftatcs, late of the faid Sarah Weft in the County of Surrey, by virtue of her Will.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difcharge the faid

■ John Rolls, or thePer'on or Perfons claiming to be entirled to the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, under the Will of the faid John Rolls deceafed, of and from the Payment of the feveral Rents referved and made payable by the faid Indentures of Leafe herein-before mentioned to have been granted to the Lid John Rolls deceafed, or any Part thereof, cr fiom the Ptrformance of the Covenants. Conditions, and Agreements therein refpeftf'. lv contained with refpect to fuch of the faid Mefiuages, Lind% 1 er.emenis, and Hereditaments, as fhall not be comprifed in the Leafe or Lcafes to be granted in purfuance of this Aft ; but all fuch Mefiuages, L.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as fhall not be comprifed in the Leafe or Leafs to be made in pu'fuance of this Aft, fhall b and remain liable to the Payment of the faid Rents rrfpeftively, and fubjeft to the feveral Covenants, Conditions, Provifoes, and Agreements, in the faid Indentures of Leafe contained, excepc as hertin-atter is mentioned.

III.	And whereas the faid John Rolls and his Affigns, and the Pcrfon or Pnfons claiming under the Will of the faid John Rolls dec-af-d, will be entitled to fome Abatement or Allowance out of the Rents referved and made payable by the faid L’ afes herein-before mentioned to have been granted to tine faid John Rolls deceafd, in rrfpeft of the Lands and Tenements, and Hereditaments to be demifed and leafed in purfuance of this Aft ; be it therefore enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Rills and his Affigns, and the Perfon and Perfons who may become entitled under the Will of the faid John Rolls dereafed, to deduft or retain to themfelves, out of the Rents referved and made payable by the faid Indentures of Leafe herein-uefore mentioned to have been granted to the faid John Rolls deceafed, for and during the Remainder of the Terms gran'ed by the faid nefpeftive Indentures of Leafe of the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thoufand feven hundred and feventy, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand feven hundred and fevcnty-cight, the Sum of One Pound per Annum for each and every Acre, and fo in Propoition for a greater cr leffcr Quantity than an Acre, which fhall be demifed o leafed in purfuance of tms Aft.

IV.	Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majeftv, His Heirs and SlicecfTors, and to all and e’ ery other Pcrfon and Perfons, Bodn s Politi k and Corporate, his, her, and their rtfpeftive Heirs, Succeflors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, other than and txcept the faid Henrietta Weft anel her Afiigns, the faid James H'eft and his Affigns, and the Perf-n or Perfons claiming the Freehold fcRates, late of the laid Sarah Weft in the Cou. tv of Surrey, under her Will, and the laid John Rolls and his Afiigns, and ad Perfons claiming ihe laid Hereditaments under the Will of the faid John Rolls deceafed, all fuch Eftates, Rights, Interefls, Claims, and Demands of, in, to, or out cf the L inds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo to be leafed by virtue of tins Aft, or any of them, or any

Pat

io35

470 GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.s9.

Part thereof, which they, every, or any of them had before the Time of palling this Aft, or could, (hould, or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

V.	And be it further enacted. That this Ad (hall be p:i.nted by th-Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majefly, and a C >py there t fa pr.nred fhail be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

m •

to be pri .trd by ,be King’s Pi inter.

The

*036

47* GEORGII III. Sefl'.a. Cap. 59.

The Firft SCHEDULE to which the foregoing A6t refers.

A MESSUAGE or Tenement, called or known by the a. r. t.

Name or Sign of the Greyhound Alehoufe, with the Cow-houfes, Out-houfes, and Buildings therewith ufed, fituate on the North Side of the Road, calltd the Grange Road, in the Parilh of Bemtondlcy in the County of Surrey.

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground adjoining the faid Mefluage or Tenement, called the Home Meadow, containing by Effimation	-	-	-	i 3 23

Seven Pieces of Meadow or Pafture Ground, lying contiguous to each other, adjoining to the faid Home Meadow in F'.ont, next to the Road, and containing by Eftimation 14 o 8 Two Pieces of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Half Acres, adjoining to the laft mentioned Meadow, and containing by Eftimation	-	-	-100

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called Rye-Grafs Meadow, adj' inirg to the Two Pieces lalt mentioned, containing by Eftimation	-	-	3 t 9

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called Brown’s Meadow, adjoining to the Piece laft mentioned, containing byJEftimation	-	-	-	2	3	9

A Piece of Ground, Parcel of a Wall or Way, called Page’s Walk, containing by Eftimation	-	-	o 2 11

A Piece of Land, ufed as Garden Ground, lying and being at or near the North End of the Piece of Ground laft mentioned, contain ng by Eftimation	-	-	-	6 3 18

The Stable or Building (landing and being on the laft mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground.

Two Brick Meffuages or Tenement', and a Piece of Garden Giound adjoining to the Garden Ground laft mentioned, containing by Eftimation	-	-	-	619

37 0 6

Jn° Hofter.

The

47’GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cap. 19-

The Second SCHEDULE to which the foregoing A& refers.

TWO Meffuages, with the Barns, Stable, Cow-houfes, a. r.

and Buildings thereto belonging, in the Parifh of Bermondfey aforefaid, heretofore in the Occupation of John Rolls deceafed.

A Piece of Arable Land, divided intoTwo Pieces, Parcel, or reputed Parcel of the Fort Field, abutting Eaft on the Road leading from Bermondfey Street to Kent Street Ro ad ; Weft, upon the Footway, commonly called Page’s Walk ; North, upon other Parcel of the Paid Fort Field in the Tenure of Mary Winter and William Winter, in Parr, and upon Pafture Land belonging to the laid Sarah Weft in the Tenure or Occupation cf Meflieurs Warne and Guiteridge in other Part; and South, upon the Highway leading from Bermondfey Street to Kent Street Road, and containing by Eftimation	-	-	-	-	12	i	6

A Piece of Ground, called the Lay ft all, abutting Eaft on the Back Field; Weft, on the Road leading from Bermondfey Street to Kent Street Road; Noith, on the Cow-Houfes and Buildings before mentioned ; and South, on the Meads hereafter mentioned, containing by Eftimation -	1	>	®

A Piece of Ground, ufed as Garden Ground, abutting Eaft upon the Back Field; Weft, upon the great Road leading from Bermondfey Street to Kent Street Road aforefaid;

North, upon the Layftall; and Scuth, on the Meads aforefaid, containing by Eftimation	-	-	-	2	1	1?

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Back Field, abutting Eaft on Garden Field and Pound Field;

Weft, on the Buildings and Ground before mentioned;

North, on the Highway leading from Bermondfey Street to Rotherhithe ; and South, on the Meads hereafter mentioned, containing by Eftimation	-	-	-	19	o	32

Three Pieces of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Eleven Acres, the Eight Acres, and the Ten Acres, abutting Eaft on Land of Samuel Rulh Efquire, Weft on the laid Road leading from Bermondfey S'.reet to Kent Street Road; North, upon other Parcel of the Lands demifed; and South, on Galley Wall aforefaid, containing together by Eftimation 29	1	23

Two Pieces of Arable Land clofe adjoining to the Back Field, railed Garden Field and Pound Field, abutting Eaft 6n Land of Samuel Rulh Efquire ; Weft, on the faid Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Back Field ; North, on the faid Highway leading from Bermondfey to Rotherhithe ; and South, on the faid Mead, called the Eleven Acres, containing together by Eftimation	-	-	19	o	II

A lJiece of Meadow or Pafture Gound, called Lowfey Meads, abutting Eaft upon Rogues Lane; Weft, upon Bunhill Meads; North, upon the Anchor Fields; and South, on Galley Wall aforefaid, containing by Eftimation -	10	1	27

g5 0 37

Jn° Ho/,er.

ILoc. y TV.]	12	C—H	The

T037

47° GEORGII III. Sefl*.2. Cap. 59.

1038

The Third SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Aft refers.

'T'HE Piece of Meadow or Pafture Grinnd, called the Home Meadow, containing ^ Five of the Seven Pieces of Meadow or Pafture Ground lying contiguous to each other, adjoining to the faid Home Meadow, the fame being now in the Occupation of John Rolls, the Son named in the foregoing A&, containing The Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called Brown’s Meadow, containing -

The Piece of Land or Garden Ground heretofore ufed as Garden, lying and being at or near the North End of Page’s Walk, containing ....

The Piece of Land heretofore Parcel or reputed Parcel of the Fort Field, abutting £a!t on other Parc of the faid Fort Field, now in the Occupation of	Rofe	and	others, as

Tenants to the faid John Rolls •, Weft, upon the Footway, called Page’s Walk; North, upon other Part of the faid Fort Field heretofore in the Tenure of Meilieurs Warne and Gutreridge; and South, upon the Highway leading from BermondTey Street to Kent Street Road, containing by Eftimation	....

Part of the Piece of Ground, heretofore called the Layftall, now in the Occupation cf the faid John Rolls, containing Part of the Piece of Ground, heretofore uftd as Garden Ground, abutting Haft upon the Back Field ; Weft, upon a Dwelling Houfe and Garden, now in the Occupation of Atkins, in Part and upon the Road leading from Bermondfey Street to Kent Street Road in other Part; North, upon the Layftall; and South, on the Meads aforefaid, containing	...

The Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Back Field, abutting Eaft on Garden Field and Pound Field; Weft, on the Buildings and Ground demifed by the before mentioned Indenture of Leafe, bearingDate the Fifteenth Day of December in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-ejght; North, cn the Highway leading from Bermondfey Street to Rorherbithe; and South, on the Meads hereafter mentioned, containing by Eftimation -	-

The Thiee Pieces of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Eleven Acres, the Eight Acres, and the Ten Acres, abutting Eaft on Land late of Samuel Ru!h Efquire; Weft, on the laid Road leading from Bermondfey Street to Kent Street Road; North, upon other Parcel of the Lands demifed; and South, on Galky Wall aforefaid, containing together by Eftimation	-

The Two Pieces of Arable Lind, clofc adjoining to the Back Field, called Garden Field and Pound Field, abutting Fall on Land late of Samuel Rufh Efquire; Weft, on the

10

t.

23

3 9

6318

6 o

1 18

10 o 32

39

laid

1039

47° GEORGlI III. Seff.2. Cap. 59.

faid Meadow or Pafture Ground, called the Back Field;

North, on the faid Highway, leading from Bermondfey to R nherhithe; and South, on the faid Mead, called the Eleven Acres, containing together by Eftimation	-	19	o	it

So much of the Piece of Meadow or Pafture Ground, called Lowfey Meads, as is now in the Occupation of the faid John Rolls, containing	•	.	-	7	1	27

96	1	4

J* Hofier.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.





toqji



QZ°'

W 1 .z?	.3*» ir • lo. ::: "-f.

i ?hi& --«:> DSUtf) ,

Xs 1 X

■	| 31	i	.'I

» g* '	«‘Alr«*	1

*•=- •“• ::



'.-nS|h

V ■	‘	■	'	,	'**:■;



U’

*

■

.,*£#! i»l>)



f'X

i>r	»u	CS	■	>





,'j'ii V/ id rfc ?v

\o V . I.. JP<fyt ■	4v,-	--.’A

,3/m,’ 'h cl ^inT *7.

■

i .Jr J' u

.

Y+'.J VvUt AV--i ■ j.

f

it)	•	-L-	W'	•■•'	•	Is	J‘	'

■ - > ■)

>10'\'Ikx ii'iii a mh» w.^>».v ».i n«*-uv.	vi|"	1	1

'

*rfi 1 is* u*s	■	>>.	a- 1 v- •	•!

.

u	-	.	i	;	-■	s	1	H	•	>

- j — 4i~* ;IJ '	-j.	v-	-■	V..-4-4 •■■iiilint

~

S«S& Lfi ^.Vy	>/•.>.	•	-.J

„ W = :| & • •■altii :>	1	I>1 1 ••

S'-.	1'	.	i

!S s ' . ,	sum1

•	1> .y»A



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Sett! 2.

*****************************************************

Cap. 60.

An A£t for veiling certain Eflates of Mary Fojler, and George Edward Graham Efquire and Mary his Wife, in King's Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Truftees, upon Trull to fell the fame, and to Hand poffelTed of the Monies ariling from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned.	[	ill	Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date refpectively the Twenty-fecond and Twenty-third Days of May One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-feven, and made between the Reverend John Fojler D.D. and Mary his Wife, of the one Part, and the Reverend William Hayward Roberts and the Reverend John Hallam of the other Pait; and by a Fine fur conufance de droit tantum duly levied by the faid John Fojler and Mary his Wife, in purfuance of the faid Indenture of Releafe, the Meffuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, comprized in the Schedule to this Act, with their Appurtenances, were conveyed of otherwife allured by the faid John Fojler and Mary his Wife, in Remainder expe£lant upon the Deceafe of Martha Prior Widow, to the Pfe of the faid John Fojler and Mary his Wife, for their refpe&ive Lives, and the Life of the longed Liver of them, without Impeachment of Wafte ; Remainder to the laid William Hayward Roberts and John Hallam, ana their Heirs during the Lives of the faid John Fojler and Mary his Wife; Remainder to the Ufe of the Child or Children of the faid John Fojler ind Mary his Wife, for fuch Eflate and Eftates, and under fuch Conditions, Reftriftions, and Limitations over, as the faid John Fojler Ihould by [lec. fcf Per.]	12	/	Deed

ltd and 23d May 1767, Marriage Settlement of John Poller and Mary hil Wife.

Chirograph of Fine.

1046

Mary Fofter the only Ifiue oi the Marriage-

Death of John Fofter in 1774.

3d and 4th July *794, Settlement on the Marriage of George Edward Graham anti Mary Fofter the Y-u.iger.

Vine levied by Miry Fofter Hie younger. The E dates liniited in Remainder expectant on the fevcial D cea-les of Martha Prior and Mary Fofter the Elder upon Truft, from and after the Dexeaie of the Survivor ot them, but not Fourier, to (ell the fame.

470 GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 60.

Deed or Will executed as therein mentioned, direfr, limit, or appoint; and in default of fuch Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, to the Ufe of all and every the Children and Child of the faid John Fofter by the faid Mary his Wife, if more than One, as Tenants in Common, in Tail; with Croi's Remainders between or among them in Tail, and if there fhould be but One fuch Child, then to the Ufe of that One Child in Tail; Remainder, to the Ufe of the Survivor of the faid John Fojier and Mary hisWife, and the Heirs and Afligns of fuch Survivor for ever : And whereas there was Iflue of the faid John Fojier by the faid Mary his Wife, One Daughter, Mary, now the Wife of the faid George Edward Graham, and no other Child : And whereas the faid John Fojier departed this Life fome l ime in the Year One thoufand (even hundred and feventy-four, leaving the faid Mary Fojier his now Widow him furviving, and without having exercifed the Power of Appointment limited or given to him by the faid recited Indentures and Fine: And whereas, by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, bearing Date refpeftively theThird and Fourth Days of July One thoufand liven hundred and ninety-four, the Releafe being of Four Parts, and made between the faid George Edward Graham of the Firft Part; the faid Mary Fojier, the Widow of the faid John Fojier, and therein called Mary Fojier the elder, of the Second Part; the faid Mary, now the Wife of the faid George Edward Graham, then Mary Fojier the younger, Spinfter, of the Third Part; and the Reverend William Fojier Pigott, by his then Name and Defcription of the Reverend William Fojier of Eton, Doffor of Divinity, and the Reverend William Graham of Epfom in the Ccuniy of Surry Clerk, of the Fourth Part (being the Settlement executed pre-vioufly to the Marriage then intended and fince folcmnized between the faid George Edward Graham and the faid Mary now his Wife); and by a Fine levied by the faid Mary, now the Wife of the faid George Edwara Graham, in purfuance of the faid Indenture of Releafe, the feve: al Mef-fuages or Tenements, Lands, and other Llereditaments, comprized in the faid recited Indenture of the Twenty-third Day of May One thoufand fevcn hundred and fixty-feren, with the Appurtenances, were limited in Remainder expectant upon the feveral Deceafes of the faid Martha Prioi and the faid Mary Fojier the elder, to the Ufe of the faid William Fojlet Pigott and William Graham, their Heirs and Afligns, in Truft for th. faid Mary, now the Wife of the faid George Edwar.d Graham, then Mary Fojier the younger, and her Heirs, until the faid then intended Marriage fhould be folemnized; and from and after the Solemnization thereof, upon Truft from and after the Deceafe of the Survivor of them the faid Martha Prior and	Alary Fojier the	elder (but not	fooner)	to fell and

dilpofe of the fame,	either together or in Parcel , by	private	Contract or

public Auction, in the Difcretion of the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fojier, and	William Graham,	their Heirs or Afligns,	to any Per-

fon or Perfons who	fhould be willing	to become the	Purchafer or Pur-

chafers thereof, for the molt Money and belt Price or Prices that could be reafonably had or gotten for the fame, and to Hand and be pofleffed of and interefted in the Money to arife and be produced from fuch Sale or Sales, and to place out or inveft the Money to be produced by every fuch Sale or Sales in or upon Government or Real Securities at intcreft, and to ftand and be poffefled of and interefted in the Money lo to be placed out or inverted as laft-mentioned, upon the Trulls and to and for the Intents and Purpofes, and under and lufcjedt to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements therein-aftet mentioned, expreffed, and

declaed,

1047

47° GEORGII ill. Seff.2. Cap. to.

declared, of and concerning the faid feveral Sums of Money thereinbefore mentioned, to be transferred and affigned by the faid George Edward Graham and Maty Fojler the younger refpeclively, to the faid IE1F Ham Fojler and William Graham, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns as aforefaid, upon Truft to pay the Intereft, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof, unto the faid George Edward Graham and his Affigns, during the joint Lives of himfelf and Mary now his Wife, and from and after the Deceafe of either of them to pay the fame to the Survivor of them during the Life of fuch Survivor, if fuch Survivor fhould fo long continue unmarried ; but if l'uch Survivor fhould marry again, upon Truft that the faid William Fojler and William Graham, their ixecutors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, fhould, upon fuch fecond Marriage, by and out of the faid feveral Truft Monies and Premifes, fet apart and appropriate the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds for the Purpofes thereinafter mentioned, and fhould pay to the Survivor the Interefi, Dividends, and annual Produce of the Refidue of the faid Truft Monies, from the Time of his or her fecond Marriage, for and during the Remainder of his or her natural Life; and upon further Truft that the faid William Fojler and William Graham, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, (hould, from and after the Deceafe of the Survivor of the faid George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife, Hand and be poflcfled of and interefted in all the faid Truft Monies if fuch Survivor lhould not marry again, but if fuch Survivor fhould marry again, then of and in the Refidue of the Truft Monies and Premifes, after fetting apart and appropriating the faid Sum of Five thoufand Pounds upon Truft for all and eveTy the Child and Children of the Body of the faid George Edward Graham on the Body of the faid Mary now his Wife to be begotten, equally to be divided between and amongft them, if more than One, Share and Share alike; and if there fhould be only one fuch Child, then to fuch only Child, and to be paid or transferred to the Daughters when they refpeftively attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, or married with fuch Confent as therein mentioned, and to the Sons when they attained their refpedfive Ages of Twenty-one Years, with Benefit of Survivorfhip amongft fuch Children in cafe of the Death of any of them before his or her Share became a vefted Intereft ; and in cafe there fhould be no Child of the Body of the faid George Edward Graham on the Body of the faid Mary now his Wife begotten, or there being fuch, if all fuch of them as being a Daughter or Daughters fhould die under the Age of Twenty-one Years without having been married with fuch Confent as aforefaid, and all fuch of them as fhould be a Son and Sons fhould depart this Life under the faid A^e of Twenty-one Years, then as to the faid Truft Monies and Premifes therein mentioned, to be affigned by the faid George Edward Graham unto the faid Wiliam Fojler and William Graham, in T ruft for the faid George Edward Graham,hn Executors, Adminiftrators,and Affigns ; and as to the faid feve-ral Sums of Money and Premifes thereby affigned by the faid Mary Fojler the younger, in cafe (he furvived the faid George Edward Graham, fhould be in Truft for her, her Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns; but in cafe (he fliould depart this Life in the Life-time of the faid Gtor e Edward Graham, then upon fuch Truftsand for luch Intents and Purpofes, and fub-je£t to fuch Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations, as the faid Mary Fojier the younger fhould, notwithftanoing her Coverture, by Deed or Will executed and attefted as therein mentioned, direct or appoint; and in Default of fuch Direction or Appointment, in Truft for fuch Perfon or

Perfons

1048

To ft 2nd pof-it fled of the Purihufe Money uoon the Traits mentioned in the Dterl of the 4th of July 1794.

Power to George Ed* ward "Graham ai d Mary his Wife, to appoint new Ti ufttes.

Death of William Graham, one of the Trustees.

3d and 4th Apr,1

Appointment of Mr. William Marlh, a new Truf-tee.

470 GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 60.

Perfons of the Blood and Kindred of the Paid Mary Fatter the younger living at the Time of her Deceafe, as would by virtue of the Statute for the Distribution of Inteftates Effects have become entitled to her Perfonal Eftate, in cafe (he had died unmarried and intellate, and without any Relation on the Part of her Mother, and in the fame Shares as he, She, or they would have become entitled to the fame; and in cafe the faid George Edward Graham and Mary Fojter the younger now his Wife, Ihould marry again, the faid William Fofler and William Graham, their Executors, Administrators, and Afligns, Ihould Hand and be poffeffed of the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds fo directed to be let apart and appro* priated, upon the fame Trulls, and to and for the fame Intents and Pur-pofes, and under and fubjeft to the fame Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as near as might be, to take place immediately from and after fuch lecond Marriage as were therein-before mentioned, expreffed, and declared, of and concerning all the faid Truft Monies and Premifes, to take place from and immediately after the Deceafe of the faid George Edward Graham and Mary Fojter the younger now his Wife, in the Event of fuch Survivor not marrying again : And it was thereby (amongft other Things) agreed and declared by and between all and every the faid Parties thereto, that the Receipt or Receipts of the faid William Fojter Pigott and William Graham, or of the Survivor of them, or of the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrafors, and Afligns refpeftively of fuch Survivor, Ihould from Time to Time be a good and fufficient Difcharge and good and fufficienc Difcharges to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the feveral Premifes thereinbefore directed to be fold, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for fo much of the Purchafe Money as Ihould therein be acknowledged to be received, and that fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afligns, Ihould not afterwatds be anfvverable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Nonapplication of fuch Purchafe Money fo received, or any Part thereof; and in the faid Indenture now in Recital is contained the ufual Power for the faid George Edward Graham and Mary now his Wife to appoint new Truftees, in the room of either of the Truftees therein named, who Ihould die or decline or refufe or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Trulls thereby created, before the faid Trufts Ihould be fully executed and performed, and the ufual Provisions for veiling the Truft Eftates in fuch new Truftees, either folely or jointly with the fur-viving or continuingTruftee or Truftees, as Occafion Ihould require: And whereas the faid William Graham, theTruftee named in the faid Indenture of the Fourth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, departed this Life fome Time in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven : And whereas, by Indentures of Leafeand Releafe, bearing Date refpe&ively the third and Fourth Days of s.Ipril in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, the Releafe being of Four Parts, and made between the faid George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife of the Firft Part; the faid William Fojlcr Pigott (then William Fojltr) of the Second Part; William Marjh of Berners Street in the County of Middltfex El'quire, of the Third Part; and Townlcy Ward of Soho Square in the faid County of Midd'ej'ex Efquiie, of the Fourth Part; the faid George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife, bv virtue of the Power to them for that Purpofe given by the laid recited Indenture of Settlement, did thereby nominate and appoint the faid William Marjh to be a Truftee jointly with the faid William Fojter Pigott, for the Several

Purpofes

1049

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 60.

Purpofes mentioned in the faid Indenture of Settlement, in the Place and Stead of the faid William Graham; and did thereby order, direct, and appoint the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, to releafe and convey the Reverfion of the faid Metfuages and other Hereditaments, then veiled in the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, by fuch Conveyances and A durances, fo that the fame might become legally and effectually veiled in the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, and William Marjh, their Heirs and Alfigns, in Joint Tenancy, but to, for, and upon the feveral Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, and under and fubject to the feveral Powers, Provifoes, and Agreements, by the faid Indenture of Settlement limited and declared of and concerning the fame, which were then exilting, undetermined and capable of taking Effeft} and for accomplilhing the Purpofes therein-before mentioned, and in purfuance of the faid Appointment, Order, and Dire&ion, and of the Powers and Authorities granted in that Behalf, the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, at the Requell, and by theexprefs Direction, Nomination, and Appointment of the faid George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife (teflilied as therein mentioned) did bargain, fell, and releafe unto the laid Townley Ward and his Heirs and Alfigns, the Reverfion and Remainder in Fee Simple then veiled in the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, as fuch furviving Truflee, expectant upon the Deceafe of the Survivor of the faid Martha Prior and Mary Fofter the elder, and the Death and Failure of the faid KTue of the faid Mary Fofter the younger as aforefaid, of and in the MelTuages and other Hereditaments comprized in the faid Indentures of the Third and Fourth Days of Juiy One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four; to hold the fame unto the faid townley Ward, his Heirs and Alfigns, to the Ufe of the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, and William Marjh, their Heirs and Alfigns, for and during all fuch Ellates and Interell in Reverfion, Remainder, or Expedancy, and in as full and complete Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the faid William Fofter Pigott, then William Fofter, had therein, or would have thetein, if the Indenture now ia Recital had net been made and executed; but neverthelefs, upon the Trulls, and to and for the Intents and Purpofes, and under and fubjed to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements in the laid Indenture of Settlement mentioned, exprefied, and declared, of and concerning the fame, and which were then exilling, undetermined or capable of taking Elfed: And whereas the faid Martha Prior hath lately departed this Life: And whereas the faid George Edward Graham intermarried with the faid Mary Fofter the younger, and hath Iffue by her Six Children, namely, George Granada, Mary, Margaret, Catharine Ann, John, and Frances Martha, Infants under the Age of Twenty.one Years, and no other lifue : And whereas, it will be greatly to the Advantage of all Perfonj beneficially interelled in the MelTuages and other Hereditaments comprized in the Schedule to this Aft, under the faid Indentures of Settlement, that the fame MelTuages and other Hereditaments lhonid be forthwith Told; but as fuch Sales cannot be effeded during the Life of the faid Mary Fofter the elder, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, therefore Your Majelly’s moll dutiful and loyal Subjects, the faid Mary Fofter the elder, and the faid George Fcward Graham and Mary his Wife, on behalf of themfelves and their laid Infant Children, do moll humbly befeech Your Majelly, That it tnay he enaded ; and be it enaded by the King's moll Excellent \_Lcc.isf Per.]	11 K	•	Majelty

Death of Martha Prior# Infant Children of Mr-and Mrt« Graham.

jo5o

Kftates verted iti Tiaftec* to Vc fold.

Receipts of Truflees to be go-xi.

Money to be laid out im the Purchafe of Government or Real SecU. rities upon the TiuI1.h of tiie Settlement of the >3«1 May 1767, fave that the Dividends &!C tO

47® GECRGII III. Sefr.2. Cap. 60.

Majeffy, by and with the Advice and Corifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Meffuages or Tenements, Lands and other Hereditaments, fituate, lying, and being in King’s Lynn and South Lynn aforefaid, mentioned in the Laid recited Indenture of Settlement, and which are comprized in the Schedule to this prefent Act, with their refpeftive Appurtenances, {hall, immediately from and after the palling of this Aft, be, and the fame are hereby verted in them the Laid William Fojler Pigott and William Marjh, their Heirs and Affigns, abfolutely and forever (reed and difeharged of and from the Ellate for Life of the faid Mary Fojler the elder therein, and of and from all and Angular the Ufes, Eftates, Limitations, Trufts, Charges, Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations, which, in and by the faid indentures ol the Fourth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and the Fourth Day of rfpril One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, were limited, exprefi'ed, or declared of and concerning the fame; but upon the Trufts, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purpofes herein-after exprefled and declared, that is to fay. Upon Trurt, that they the faid William Fojler Pigott and William Marjh, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Alligns of fuch Survivor, do and {hall, at any Time or Times after the parting of this Aft, fell and dilpofe of the faid Meffuages and other Hereditaments, either altogether and in one Lot, or in Parcels, and either by public Auftion or private Contraft, for fuch Price or Prices in Money as to them or him {hall feem reafonable; and do and (hall, upon Payment of the Purchafe Money for the fame to them or him, convey or otherwife allure the Hereditaments which (hall be comprized in the faid Sale or Sales, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the fame refpeftively, and to his or thrir Heirs or Afligns, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons, or in fuch other Manner as he or they rtiall direct or appoint, abfolutely and for ever freed and difeharged as herein-before is mentioned.

II.	And be it hereby farther enafted. That the Receipt or Receipts of the faid William Fojler Pigott and William Marjh, or of the Survivor of them, or of the Heirs, Executors, Adminirtrators, or Afligns of fuch Survivor, {hall, from Time to Time be a good and fufficient Difcharge, and good and fufficient Difchaiges to the Purchafer or Purchafers ol the faid Meffuages and other Hereditaments hereby made faleable, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for Co much of the Purchafe Money lor the fame as fhall be therein acknowledged to be received; and that fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminirtrators, or Affigns, (ball-not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication, or Nonapplication of the Purchafe Money fo received, or any Part thereof.

III.	And be it further enaftgd, That the faid William Fojler Pigott and William Marjh, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, Adminirtrators, and Affigns, of fuch Survivor rtiall, and they and he are and is hereby directed and required to lay out and invert all and every the Sums or Sum of Money, which {hall arife or be produced by ‘the faid Sale or Sales, with all convenient Speed, after the fame refpec-tively (hall be paid to or received by them or him, in their or his Names or Name in the Purchafe of Government Securities, or at Intereft upon

3	Real

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 60.

Real Securities, and ihall Hand and be poffeffed of and interefted therein, and ia the Dividends, lntereft, and annual Produce thereof, upon and for the Trufts, Intents, andPurpofrs herein before mentioned and fet forth, and with, under, and fubject to the Powers, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agieements, expreffed and contained in the faid Indenture of Settlement of the Fourth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, of and concerning the Monies to arife or be produced from the Sales thereby directed to be made, and the Stocks, Funds, and Securities in or upon which the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, and the lntereft, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof, fave and except that the lntereft, Dividends, and annual Produce of the faid Truft Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities ihall be paid to the faid Mary Fofter the elder, and her Afligns during her Life, for her and their own Ufe and Benefit; and that the Con-fent in Writing of the faid Mary Fofter the elder (hall during her Life be requifite to every Difpofal, Variation, and Tranfpofition of any of the faid Stocks, Funds, and Securities, and to the Exercife of the Power contained in the faid recited Indenture of Settlement for the Appointment of new Trultees.

IV.	Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfons and t'erfon, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their refpe&ive Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns (other than and except the faid Mary Fojler the elder, and George Edward Graham and Mary his Wife, and their refpeftive Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, and all and every the Children and Child of the faid George Edward Graham by the faid Mary his Wife, and the feveral Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, of fuch Children and Child, and all and every other Perfons and Perfon whofoever, having or claiming, or who (hall or may have or claim any Eflate or lntereft in the faid Meffuages and other Hereditaments hereby made faleable, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the faid recited Indenture of the Fourth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and the faid Fine or either of them) all the Eflate, Right, Title, lntereft, Poflibility, Property, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, which they or any of them had held or enjoyed before the palling of this Ad, or could or might have held or enjoyed of, in, to, from, out of, or upon the faid Meffuages and other Hereditaments in cafe this Ad had not been made.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this Act (hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

IO5I

be paid to Mary Fofter the elder, and her Afligns, during her

Life.

General

Saving.

To be printed by the Kang'* Printer.

The

.1052

47* GEORG II III. Seff.2. Cap.60.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the above A&,

A Meffuage In King’s Lynn ana Two other Tenements in the Yard belonging thereto, with a Stable and Garden, in the Occupation of William Creek, Rent	-	...

A Room behind the fame Meffuage now ufed as a School Room, in the Occupation of the Reverend James Coulton, Rent -Another Meffuage or Tenement with the Appurtenances in King's Lynn, now in the Occupation of John Hunt, held under a Leafe for the Remainder of a Term of 7 Years from Lady Day 1803, Rent ...	...

Another Meffuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances in King’s Lynn, in the Occupation of James Rix, Rent A Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 5 Acres 3 Roods. 39 Perches, more or lefs, in the Occupation of William Creek and Ifagney Headley, Rent	-

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 2 Acres

2	Roods 26 Perches, more or lefs.

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 3 Acres 1 Rood 25 Perches, more or lefs.

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 3 Acres a Roods i Perch, more or left, which Three laft mentioned I Pieces of Land are now in the Occupation of Mr. Harvey Good-: j win, Rent	-	-	-	-	-	-	j	J

A Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 9 Acres 32 Perches, more or lefs, in the Occupation of the faid Harvey Goodwin, Rent -	-	-	-	-	-

Another Pjece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing "J 5 Acre? 1 Rood 27 Perches, more or lefs.

Another Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 5 Acres 3 lloods 36 Perches, more or lefs.

Another Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing

3	Acres 3 Roods 20 Perches more or lets.

Another Piece of Meadow or Pafture in South Lynn, containing 3 Acres .3 Roods 7 Perches, more or lefs ; and which faid laft mentioned 4 Pieces of Ground are held by Mr. Samuel Twaites under a Leafe tor 7 Years from Lady Day 1800, Rent

c

36

d.

25

39	0

38	17	o

V 50	8

I- 232

William Cafe Junior.

ft

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Evre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1807.





{

!

» )

3 1

4 )

} 3

1 i

i 3

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

4MHIf***iNrts«*«*********»*********** *♦*«**« ***********

Cap. 6i.

An Aft for fettling the Right of Patronage or Pre-^ fentation of or to a Chapel, to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the Parilh of JForkfop in the County of Nottingham.	[ i ft	18 o 7. j

WHEREAS the Townfivp or Village of Shireoaks, in the Parilh of Workfop in the County of Nottingham, is lituated at the Diftance of feveral Miles from the Parilh Chu'ch of Worifop aforefaid, and is alfo at a very ccnfiderable Diftance from any other Parilh Church, to the greac Inconvenience of the fevcral Inhabitants thereof: And whereas the Reverend John Hewett Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Shireoaks aforefaid, and Impropriator of all the Great Tythes arifing, growing, and increaftng within the Libe-ties of Shireoaks and Gi'.efared, in the Parilh of Workjcp aforefaid, hath lately, at his own Exptncr, began to eredt and build a Chapel in Shireoaks aforefaid, and is willing and defirousto finifhand complete the fame at his own Coils and Cha ge?, in order that the fame may be fet apart and dedicated to and for the Service of Almighty God, as and for a Place of Divine Worlhip, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, for ever, and hath appropriated and fet apart a certain Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, upon a Part of which the faid Chapel is now building, to be ufed as a Chapel-yard and Burial Ground : And whereas the faid John Hraiett hath, by Deed duly enrolled in His Majefty’s High Court of Chancerv, fecured to a Clergyman of the Church of England to be from- Tim- to Time pre-femed thereto by the faid John Hrxeit, his Heirs or Affigns, Lord or Lords of the Manor of Shireoaks aforefaid, to perform Divine Service, and who fhail perform Divine Service in the faid Chapel according to the [L«c, Ss5 Per,]	12	L	Stipulations

I



I °54-

Chapel to be called Shireoaks Chapel.

Power to the Patrons of Workfop to nom’nate in •ertain Cafes.

47s GEORGIi III. Self.2. Cap.6r.

Stipulat'ons in the faid Deed contained, a Stipend or yearly Sum of Seventy Pounds, for ever, to be ifluing and payable out of the Produce of the faid Tythcsj And wheitas the faid John Hwctt hath, by D id intended to be enrolled in His Mejeft.’s faid High Court of Chancery, fecuted to the Vicar for the Time being of the Parifh Church of IVorkfop aforelaid, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, for ever, to be ifluing and payable out of the Produce of tile laid Tythes: And whereas the Mod Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk is Patron of the Vicar ;ge or Parifh Church of IVorkfop aforefaid, and the Reverend Thomas Stacey Cleik is the prefent Vicar or Incumbent thereof: And whereas the Did Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Thomas Stacey, and alfo the Right Reverend Father in God William, by Divine Permiffion, Lord Arcabtihop of To-k, in whole Diocefe the Parifh of IVorkfop is fiiuated, have feverally con-fenred, as Lr as in them lay, that the Right of Patronage or Indentation of or to the faid new Chapel fliall be lecured to and veiled in the faid John Hewitt duiing his Life, and from and after his Deceafe in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Shireoaks aforefaid, fur ever: And whereas the Right of Patronage or Prefentation ©f or to the faid Chapel cannot be fecured to or veiled in the faid John Hewett, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Shire-ohks aforefaid, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majdly’s mod loyal and dutilul Subjeft, the laid John Hewett, doth mofl humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enabled j and be it enadted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Right of Patronage, free Difpofttion, Nomination, and Prefentation, of, in, and to the faid new Chapel fhall, immediately after the fame fliall have been completed and finifhed, and confecrated according to the Uftge of the Church of England, appertain to, and the lame are hereby vefted in and fettled upon the faid John Hewett for and during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after his Deceafe in and upon the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Shireoaks aforefaid, for ever, freed and abfolutely acquitted and releafed from and againll all Eftates, Interells, Claims, and Demands whatloever of the faid Duke, his Heirs or Afligns, or of the faid Archbifhop and Vicar and their SuccefTors, and all Perfons claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, them, or any of them.

II.	And be it further enabled, That as foon as the faid Chapel fliall have been finifhed, and confecrated as herein-before mentioned, the fame fhall be for ever thereafter called by the Name of Shireoaks Chapel.

III.	And be it further enadfed, That in cafe the faid John Hewett, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Shireoaks aforefaid for the Time being, fhall, for the Space of Three Months next after the intended Chapel fliall have been confecrated, or for the Space of Three Months next after any Vacancy in the faid intended Chapel fhall happen, omit, negledt or refufe to prefent fuch proper Clergyman or Minifler to officiate or perform Divine Service in the faid intended Chapel, then and in fuch Cafe and fo often as the fame fhall happen, it fhall be lawful for the Archdeacon for the Time being of the Archdeaconry of Nottingham, within Three Months next after fuch Omiflion, Negledl, or Rcfufal, to

bri. > ft IT'	8	.	nominate

47° GE0RGli III. Seit.2. Cap. 61.	1055

nominate and prefect a fit and proper Perfon, duly qualified, 10 b"

Chaplain or Minifter of the fa d Chapel; and that every turh Perfin af.er fucb Ncnvnation, and a Licence obtained from the Arclibifnop of To k for the Time being, fhall be deemed and tak'-n to be the Chaplain or Minifter of the faid Chapel, to all Intents and Purpoks whatlorVer; anti that if within the refpeftivc Times afore faid there lhali be no Inch Nomination of a fit Perfon to be a Chaplain or Minifter of the f .id C pi, the Right of Nomination to the faid Chapel lhali lapre to the O dioary, and from him to the Metropolitan, and from the Metropolitan to the Crown, according to the Courfe of Law in Prelentative Livings or Benefices •, and that the Right c.f Nomination and Pu-fcntation of a Chaplain or Minifter to the faid Chapel fhall and may be recovered and refcOveiablr, and the Incumbency thereof may and fhall ceafe, and be determined' in like Manner, and by the like Method, as the Prefentation to or In. cumbency in any Prefentative Benefice may by L iw be recovered or determined,

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the Mit ifter or Chaplain for the Minifler’s Time being fhall, on every Sunday Morning, read in the laid Chapel the ^uty-Morning Pravers and other Service preferred in the Bock of Common Prayer or Publick Liturgy cf the Church of England; and in the Af er-

noon of every Sunday in tike Manner read therein the Evening Prayers and other Service preferibed in the faid Bock of Common Prayer, and fhall on every Sunday throughout the Year, as well in t! e Mo.ning as in the Evening, and on every Cbrijhuas Day and Good Friday, and in the Forenoon of ar.y other Day'tvhich fhall be fet apart by His Majcfty’s Proclamation to be obfervedas a Day of Faffing or ThankLiving, deliver or preach a Sermon in the faid Ch3pel, and fhall afmiuifter the Holy Sacramenc in the faid Chapel, when and fo often as by Law is required in the Cafe of a Parochial Church.

V.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall be latvful for the Min'fter Burials to be or Chaplain for the Time being of the faid Chapel to perform the Office Wowed.

of burying at the faid Chapel; and that all Burials there, upon a Certificate thereof to be figned and tranlmitted by the faid Minifter or Chaplain to the laid Vicar, (hall be regiftered in the PuWkk Regifter of; the faid Parifh Church of Workfop\ and the like Fees, for or in refpcCt of fuch Burials, fhall be paid and payable to the Vicar for the Time bting of the laid Parifh of IVorkfop, as if fuch Burials had been made in the Burial Ground belonging to the Parifh Church of Workfop aforelaiJ.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for the Mini/ler Appointment

or Chaplain tor the Time being of the faid Chapel to nominate or appoint Clerk and fuch Perfon, from Time to Time, as he fliall think fit to officiate as Clerk	^7

or Sexton in the faid Chapel, and alfo from Time to Time to difplace and 1,m "cr‘ remove fuch Clerk or Sexton, as he the laid Minifter fhall lee Caufe.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the fcveral Seats or Pews within Seats or Pews the faid Chapel fhall, when the fame fhall have been completed, and they ln

are hereby declared to be verted in and ac the abfoiute Difpolal of the faid “ ewett-John Hewett for and during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after his Deceafe in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the l ime being of the Manor of Sbircoaks aforefaid, for ever.

VIII. Provided

1056

Saving

Rights of the Archbifhop of York an'} the Curate of Workfop.

General

Saving.

Publick Aft.

470 GEORGII III. Sell". 2. Cap. 61.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Aft contained fhall take away, change, dnr.ini b, or impeach any Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Property, Privilege, or Jurifdidion of the Arch-bilhop of York, or the Archdeacon of Nottingham for the Time being, or any Right, Privilege, Offering, Oblation, Ohvencions, Emolument, Fee, G atuity. Gift, Prelent, Advantage, or Bentfir, which the Vicar for the Time being of the faid Vicarage of W'orkfop, or the Clerk for the Time being of the faid Vicarage, would or might have, claim, or enjoy, or be entitled to if this Act had not been made.

IX.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and to His Heirs and Succeflbrs, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeflbrs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Eft ires. Right, Titles, and Intereft (other than thole which are meant and intended to be barred and deftroyed by th s Act) which they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed before the pafling of this Aft, or could or might have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

X.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

ft

«,

II

d

a

ms

ijft

aft

laAXf

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Seff. 2.

Ml**************************************9*9*****••

Cap. 62,

An A eft for incloftng Lands in the Parifhes of Rhuddlan, Afaph, Dferth, and Cvcm, in the County of

Flint.	[	1	ft	Augujl	1807.]

WHEREAS there are within a certain Diftrict commonly called or known by the Name of The Franchife of Rhtldd'an, in the feveral Parilhes of Rhuddlan, Saint Afaph, Difrrth, and Cwm, or elfe-where, in the County of Flint, certain Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, containing in the whole, by Reputation, One thoufand two hundred Acres, or thereabout:	And

whereas the King’s moll Excellent Majelty, in Rightof his Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Flint, and of the Comots of Coleshill, Rutbland and Preftattin within the fa ne, in the County aforefaid, and, in refpedl of the faid Manor and Comots, or fome or one of them, claims to be Owner of the Soil of the Hid Common Marlhes, Walle Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands1: And whereas Catherine Stapleton Spinfter, Watkin Williams Efquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, the very Reverend William Davies Shipley Clerk, Dean of Saint Afaph, and Barbara Tonge Spinfter, claim to be Lords and Ladies of the Manor and Franchife of Rhtiddlan aforelaid, and Owners of the Soil of fo much of the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, as lie within the faid Manor and Franchife, and have alfo immemorially kept Courts Leet, taken Waifs and Eftrays, and exercifed other accuftomed Manorial Rights and Privileges [Lee. fjt Per.]	12	M	within



4

1058

Ofreral In-cloiuie Ad.

Utility cf Iiicioluf e.

Appointment of Comuiil-Jioner;

and Surveyor.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap.62.

within and upon the fame :	And	whereas Robert Maurice Clerk, is Vicar

of the Vicarage of Rhuddlan aforefaid, and as fuch is entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the laid Dill riel or Franchife :	And whereas the faid

Catherine Stapleton, Watim William:, and Elizabeth his Wife, the faid William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, and alfo the Right Honourable Other Archer Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd Bart net, Edward Hughes Clerk, Bryan Cooke Efquire, and Frances his Wife, John Davies, John Wynne Griffith, Lewis Hughes, Efquires j Robert Owen Gentleman, and divers other Perfons, are Proprietors of Meffuages, Tenements, or Lands within the faid Diftrict or Franchife, and are entitled in refpeft thereof to Right of Common over and upon the faid Common Marihes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands within the fame, in Proportion to their feveral and refpective Eftates within the faid Diftrict or Franchife :	And whereas divers Perfons, Proprietors of Meffuages,

Tenements, or Lands within the faid Parilh of Saint Afaph, claim to be entitled, in refpeft thereof, to a Right cf Common over and upon fuch of the faid Common Marihes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, as lie within the faid Parilh of Saint Afaph :	And

whereas an Act was paffed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act fr confolidating in one Ad certain Provifions ifually inferted in Ads of Inclcfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufualiy required on the pajfing of fuch Ads : And whereas the faid Common Marihes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands hereinbefore deferibed, are in their prefent State incapable of any confiderable Improvement, and it would be not only advantageous to the feveral Perfons interefted therein, but of great publick Utility, if the fame were divided, ana fpecific Parts thereof allotted to the refpective Proprietors thereof, and Perfons interefted therein as aforefaid, according to their feveral and refpective Rights and Interefts, and fuch Allotments inclofed : But fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inch dure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Paliament : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the Kings mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all the faid Common Marihes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, lying and being within the faid Diftrict commonly called or known by the Flame of The Franchife of Rhuddlan, fhall be divided, allotted, and inclofed by John Matthews of Plas-yn-Llysfacn, in the County of Carnarvon, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Commiftioner for letting out, dividing, and allotting the fame, and for carrying this Aft into Execution ; fubject neverthelefs to the Rules, Orders, and Directions mentioned and contained in the faid recited Aft, except in fuch Cafes where the fame are hereby varied or altered..

II.	And be it further enacted, That at a General Meeting of the Land Owners within the laid Diftrict or Franchife, to be held at Rhuddlan aforelaid, within the Space of One Calendar Month after the palling of this Aft, a Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors, fuch Value to be afeertained by the Land-Tax Affeffments, fhall and may and are hereby empowered to appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors to aft in the Execution of this Aft-

Ill.	And

47° GE O R G11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 62.	1059

III. And be it further enafted, That if the faid John Mathews-, and the aa^°v1Bt Surveyor or Surveyors io to be appointed as aforefaid, or either of them, co nmit-or their or either of their refpedive SucceiTors, lhall die or become in-capable of aiding, or refufe to act as Commiffioner or Surveyor as caie 0f Death, aforefaid, or ihall for the Space of One Calendar Month wilfully and bona fide negledt to ad in their or his refpedive Office, before the Powers of this and the faid recited Ad are completely executed, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afcertained by the Land-Tax Afieflments, in and for the faid Diftrict or Franchile,) of the Proprietors or Perfons interefted in the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or their known or reputedAgents or Atromies, who fhall be prefent at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpofe in purfuance of Notice in Writing, ftgned by One or more Proprietor or Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parifh Church of Rhuddlan aforefaid, at leaf! Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting, to appoint a new Commiffioner and Surveyor, or Surveyors, in the Room of the faid John Matthews, and fuch Surveyor fo to be appointe 1 as aforefaid, or fuch of them or their refpedive Succeffors as fhall die, refufe, negled, or become incapable to ad as aforefaid, and fo from Tune to Time as often as Occalion may require ; and every Commiffioner, and Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed, fhall have the like Power and Authority, and fhall be fubjed to the fame Power of Removal and Reflridions, as the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Place he or they fhall be appointed was veiled with and fubjed to, by virtue of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioner fhall and he Commif-is hereby required to caufe Notice to be given to the Surveyor General of jliVe Notice HisMajefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, and alfo a like Notice °f Sitting,, to be affixed upon fome Sunday, during or immediately after Divine Service, upon the principal outer Door of the Parifh Church of Rhuddlan aforefaid, of the Time and Place of holding every Sitting or Attendance,

for the Execution of this and the faid recited Ad, at lealt Fourteen Days before fuch Sitting or Attendance fhall be held (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment to the next or any other Day within One Week only excepted); and every fuch Notice fhall exprefs the Purpofe for which fuch Sitting or Attendance is to be held, and every Adjournment fhall be made known to Four Proprietors, at leaft, before the Bufmefs of fuch Adjournment (mill be proceeded upon; and every Sitting or Attendance, whether by Adjournment or others, ife, (hall be held at Rhuddlan, and not elfcwhere ; and all Claims dial! be in Writing, and delivered to the faid Commiffioner at his firft Sitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days Notice fhall be given as aforefaid, -and all Objections to Claims fhall alfo be in Writing, and delivered to the faid Commiffioner at his fecond Sitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days Notice fhall be given as aforefaid, and fuch Objections fhall be determined by the laid Commiffioner, at his next Sitting or Attendance after fuch Objections fhall have been made, urlefsluch Commiffioner lhall fee juft Caufe to allow further lime for the Determination thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ah other Notices other Notices neceffary or requifite to be made and given by the laid Commiffioner fhall to , e -be made and given by Advertifement to be inferted in one of the Cbefier £‘T'n‘

Newfpapers,

io6<?

Corr.mSf-fii'nti to fettle D f. puiei, & e-

Power to aJtls Colts.

Allowing Partin »o try their Rights atLaw.

4/GEORGII III. Sell 2. Cap. 62.

Newfpapers, orif-the fame fhail not be then publifhed, then in fome one other Newipaper circulated in the faid County ol Flint.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Difpute fhail arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted touching their Rights or Claims, Ehates or Interefts, in the Lands and Grounds hereby d hefted to be divided and incloied as aforefaid, the laid. Commif-fioner is hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall authorize or empower the faid Commilfioner to determine any Difpute that fhail or may affeft the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Lift rid or Franchife, or the faid Pari fir of Saint Afuph.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioner fhail upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in purfuance ot this or the faid recited AG, fee cauftj to award any Cofts, it fhail be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflfefs, and award fuch Colls and Charges as he fhail think realbnable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioner fhail be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhail be thereby difailowed or overruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who fhail be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges fhail negleft or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch cafe it fhail be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomloever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfom fo neglecting or refilling to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus fit any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhail have been fo diltrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diltrefs and Sale.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That in cafe the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs or Succelfors, or the Lords or Ladies of the faid Manor or Franchife, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, fhail be diflatisned with any Determination of the faid Commiflioner, touching cr concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right of the Soil of the faid Common Marfhe', Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafle Lands berein-before mentioned, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interefts in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, or any Part thereof, it fhail be lawful for His faid Majefty, His Iieirs or Succelfors, or the Lords or Ladies, or the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law idative to the Matter fo determined by the faid Commif-ftoner, at the then next, or r.t the fecBnd Aflizes for the County of Salop (Notice of which fhail, within Fourteen Days next after the Determination of the faid Commiflioner, be given to the faid Commiflioner, by entering the fame in a Book to, re openly kept for that Purpofe by the faid Com-

miflioner);

io6i

47° GEORGII III. SciT. 2. Cap. 62.

miffioner); and for that Purpofe, fach Perfon or Perfons who (hall be diflatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioner, fhall caufe an Action to be brought upon a feigned HTue or Iflues againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Deterinina'ion of the faid Commiflioner, and the Defendent or Defendants in fuch AQion or Actions fhall, and he, ihe, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall appear thereto and accept fuch Iflue or Iflues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, and the Verdict orVerdiCls whichlhall be given in fuch Action or Actions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive, upon all and every Perfon andPerfons whatfoever, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, unlefs the Court in which fuch ACtion or Actions (hall bebrought fhall let afide ifuch VerdiCt or Verdicts and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufual in other Cafes ; and after fuch Verdict or Verdicts fhall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioner fhall, and he is hereby required to aCt in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials, and the Cofls of fuch Adtion or Actions fhall abide and follow the Event thereof, and be paid and recoverable by Execution, as other Cofls are paid and recoverable in the faid Court: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commiflioner, touching fuch Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Common Marfhes, Wade Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands herein-before mentioned, or other Rights or Interefls in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, which fhall not be objected to, or being objeded to, the Party or Parties objecting, not caufing fuch ACtion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, by or Partiei dying for whom any Claim or Claims of Right of Common fhall be made, fhall

happen to die before the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure fhall be made turner pro.

and perfected and the faid Commiflioner fhall have made his Award touch-	,n°r

ing the fame, then and in fuch cafe the Powers and Authorities hereby Aition.' *'1y

given to the faid Commiflioner, fhall not be any Ways determined, fufpen-

ded, or affeCted by fuch Death or Deaths, but that the faid Commiflioner

fhall and may proceed in and execute the,faid Powers and Authorities,

and every of .them, in fuch and the like Manner as he could or might have

done if fuch Perfon or Perfons had not died;	and if any of the Parties

in any Action to be brought in purfuance of	this ACl fhall die pending

the fame, fuch ACtion (hall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be

proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioner fhall fet Allotment for

out and allot fuch Parts or Portions of the find	Common Marfhes, Wafle ^''"8 Ma-

Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafle	Lands in the faid DiftriCl	‘	u

or l’ranchilfj not exceeding in the whole Three Statute Acres, in fuch

Places as he fliail judge mofl convenient, to be ufed and enjoyed for ever thereafter by the rcfp^Ctive Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the laid DiftriCt or Fi anchiie, who fhall be adjudged to be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments of the laid Common Marfhes, Wafle Lowr Lands, ar.d other Commons and Wafle Lands aforefaid, and ultimately award the fame by virtue of this ACl, in common for the Purpofe of getting [Lar. Ss* Xv-T]	12 1^	Limeflone,

1 062

No* to alter Watercourf s, &c.

For pajying the Experces of this Adi.

E?:p”nces of tbit Adt to be r&ifed by a Rate to be paiJ as Com-nriflfbner lhn’l direct.

470 GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 62.

Limeftone, Building Stone, Gravel and Sand, for the Ufe, Benefit, or Improvement of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, fituate in the laid Didrift or Franchife, in Right of which any Allotment or Allotments hath or have been made, as well as for the Ufe, Benefit, or Improvement of fuch Allotment or Allotments, the getting of fuch Stone, Gravel, and Sand to be got up, and the Labourers to be employed in getting the fame, lhall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft to fuch Regulations and Reftric-tions as by order of a General Meeting of the faid Proprietors for that Purpofe firfh legally convened, or the Majority in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained as aforefaid) of fuch Proprietors prefent at the faid Meeting fhall from Time to Time be direfted and appointed, and alfo in the Repairs of the Highways, private Roads, and Paths within the fame: Provided always, that fuch Stone, Gravel, and Sand, or either of them, lhall not direftly or indirectly be fold or difpofed of to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or conveyed out of the faid Diftrift or Franchife, under any Pretence whatfoever, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton Weight fo fold or conveyed out of the faid Diltrift or Franchife, and fo proportionably for any greater or lei's Weight or Quantity, to be paid by fuch Perfon or Perfons forwhofeUfe fuch Stone, Gravel, or Sand lhall be dug up or got, and applied towards Repair of the Roads within the faid Diltrift or Franchife; and the faid Cotnmiflioner may, where Occalion lhall require, fet out and appoint Springs and Pools, and other Watering Places for Cattle and Bealts within the faid Diltrift or Franchife, upon the faid Common Marlhes,, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Waite Lands aforefaid, and for the common Ufe and Benefit of all Owners or Occupiers of Mefiuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Diltrift or Franchife.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted. That it lhall not

be lawful for the faid Commiffioner to alter or change the Courfe of any ancient Watercourfe, or Land Drain, for any Purpofe or Purpofes whatfoever, without the Confent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands or Hereditaments who lhall or may be deprived of the Ufe or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage which might other-wile have paifed from, through, or in to his, her, or their Lands. ^	£

XII.	And be it further enafted, That out of the fir ft Monies to be railed

by virtue of this Aft, the faid GommifEoSer lhall, and he is hereby required, in the firll Place to pay and defray all the Charges andExpences incident to and ttending the obtaining and palTiftg of this Aft, together with lawful Intereft for the feme, from the Tiflic fuch Monies refpeftively lhall have been aftilally advanced.	,

ijjL*-	-	a v *	*7	d.	*

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That ad rmdlevery the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident,.!" and attendingjthe obtaining'and palling this Aft, and of the Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans of the faid Common^ Marlhes, Wafte Lowlands, and other'*Commons and Wafte Lands within the laid Diftrift or Franchife.-as (hall have been already made, and lhall be approved of by the faid Commiftioner, and of ail other Surveys, Plans, and Admeafufemtnts which (hall be made by his Order ; and alfo of valuing, dividing, fetting out, allotting, and tncioiing the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, or any Part thereof, and of preparing and depofiting the faid. Award and

• '1	Copy

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.67.

Copy thereof, and all other the Colls, Charges, and Expences of the faid Commiflioner, and of the feveral Perfons employed and confulted in the preparing the fame, or othenvife employed by the faid Commiflioner in carrying the feveral Powers of this and the faid recited Act into Execution, or in any Ways concerning the fame, lhali be paid, borne, and defrayed in fuch Shares, Parts, and Proportions as the faid Commiflioner fhall afcertain and direct; and the fame fhall be railed wholly by a Rate or Rates, which1 Rate or Rates fhall be paid, borne, and defrayed by fuch of the feveral Owners or Proprietors, or Perfons interelled, to whom any Allotment or Allotments fhall be made in purfuance of this Aft, as the faid Commiflioner fhall direft or appoint, according to the Value of their refpeftive Allotments in the faid Common Marfhcs, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid Diftrict or Franchife ; and the feveral Owners or Proprietors, and Perfons interelled therein re-fpeftively, fhall be rated and fhall pay fuch Sum and Sums of Money towards the faid Colts, Charges, and Expences, or any Part cr Proportions thereof, at fuch Time or Times, Place or Places, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiflioner fhall, in and by his faid Award, or by any other Writing to be by him figned and to be affixed to the'principal outer Door of the'Parifh Church of Rhuddlan aforefaid, on fame Sunday during Divine Service, at leaft Ten Days before the Time of fuch Payment, order and direft ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons lhali refufe or negleft to pay his, her, or their Proportion of fuch Cells, Charges, and Expences, according to fuch Order, Appointment, and Direction as aforefaid, then and in fuch C.afe the fame fhall and may be recovered m the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft. f

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That it lhali be lawful for the faid ^ Commiflioner to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Diftrift or Franchife, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, Rents, or He c.li-taments whatfoever within the faid Diftrift or Franchife, or within the. . faid Pariffies of Rhuddlan, Saint Afaph, Diferth, and Cum, or anv or either of them, or within any adjoining Pari (It, Hamlet, Manor, Townffiip, or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, anil declared inf the Award of the faid Commiflioner, ,and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which lhali be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fliall be a Body or Bpdies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simply or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life,-or by the Courrefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees tor charitable or oilier Ufes, Hulbands, Committees, or Attornies of or aftiag for any fuch Proprietors or Owners; as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fifth -Exchange or Exchanges fliall be reipeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaricks, er under anv other legal Dihifcilify, or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwtfe difabled to aft for theinfelves, • hinifelf, or herfelft fuch Confent to be teftifiec in Writing under the Common Sea! of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Coilegiate, and under the Hands of the other Contenting PartiesFe'peftivdy ; and ali and every Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made lhali be good, valid, and effeftual in the Law to ail Intents and Pur-pofes whatfoever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange lhali be made «	of

Lb 04

for paying the Expcices of Exchanges -nd Paiti-tiont.

Commif-fioner to account.

Cotnmif fiontr’s Allowance.

Allotments to

the Loids and Ladits of the Manor or Franchife,

to the Freehold cn within the Manor or Branch fr.

47* GEOIf G II III. Scff.2. Gap. 62.

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other tcclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent, teflified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Biihop of the Diocefe for the Time being, in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments foto he exchanged lhall lie or be fituate.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all Coils, Charges, and Expenies attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions to be made by virtue of the faid recited Aft, or this Aft, ihall be paid, borne, and defrayed by thefeveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges and Partitions, in fuch Manner and infuch Proportions as the faid Commifiioner ihall by his faid Award order or direct.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That once at leail in each and every Year during the Execution of this Adi (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commifiioner ihall, and he is here-by required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this and the faid recited Adt; and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, ihall be by him laid before any Two of His Majeftv’s Juftices of the Peace for the Time being for the faid County of Flint, or the County of Denbigh (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure) to be by them examined ana balanced ; and fuch Balance ihall be by fuch Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commifiioner, and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts ihall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law unlefs the fame ihall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftices.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commifiioner ihall be allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day that he ihall be aftually employed in any Bufinefs required of him as Commiffioner by the faid recited Aft, or this Aft, including Days of necefiary travelling, as well as others, in full Satisfaftion for his Time, Trouble, and Expences, refpefting fuch Bufinefs.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioner ihall (after the Boundaries direfted to be fet out and afeertained by the faid recited Aft ihall have been afeertained and fully determined, and the Roads ihall have been fet out and aifigned) allot, or fet out one full Eighteenth Part of the faid Common Marihes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands lying within the Diftrift or Franchife aforefaid, unto and for the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or unto and for the faid Lords and Ladies of the faid Manor and Franchife, in Lieu, Satisfaftion, and Extinction of their Right and lntereft in, to, over, and upon the Soil of the faid Common Marihes, Wafte l ow Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands aforefaid, over and above what they the faid Lords and Ladies (hall entitled unto in refpeft bf their Freehold Lands ; and then and thereafter the faid Commifiioner ihall allot and fet out in feveralty, all the Remainder of the faid Common Marihes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands aforefaid, to and among the faid Catherine Stapleton, Wat km IFiiliams, and Elizabeth his Wife, lVilliam Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, the faid Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce Loyd, Edward Hughes, Bryan Cooke, and

Frances

47° GEORG II HI. Sefl*. 2. Cap.bt.	Iq6}

France* lus Wife, John Davies, John Wynne Griffith, Lewis Hughes,

Robert Qai’en, and the l'everal other Perfons ftifed of Freehold Lands and Tenements within the, faid Diltrift or Franchife, or any other Perfon or Perfous claiming to have Rights or Interefls in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided (fave and except fitch Freeholds as have been accquned by Purchafe, under the Powers of an Aft pa (Ted hi the Thirty-fourth-Year of His prefentaMajefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ael for embanking and otherwifefencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coafis of the Pdrffi of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhyddlan Marfli, in the fever ll Parifhes of Abergele afonfaid, and of Saint Afaph and Rhyddhn, and the Franchife Rhyddlan, in the County s/Tlint, andfundsy other Marffies,

Commons, and Wajle Lands, in the faid Parijh of K hyddlan, and in the federal Parifhes of Difcrth and Meiiden, in the faid County of Flint, and to cut and make, in or through the fame, or Jomc Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercowfcs and Drains, and to inclofe, divide, and fell competent Parts of the fudfeveral Marffies, Commons, and Wajle Lands, to defray the Expenses of the faid Works, and to raife a Fund for the future Repair and Prefervat-'o/t thereof) according to their relpeftive Rights of Common, rateably and in due Proportion (Quantity, Quality, and Situation eoniidered) to the Value of their refpeftive Mefluages, Tenements,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in relpeft whereof they are leverally entitled to fuch Right of Common as aforefaid ; fueh Value to be afeertained and fixed by the faid Commiffioner, and the faid Comini(lioner (hall not, upon any Account or under any Pretence, give any undue Preference to any of the Parties intertilled in the laid Divifion, in their or any of their Allotments or Shares of the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Walte Lands aforefaid ; but the faid Commillioner, in makingthe Divifion and Allotment thereof, lhall have due Regard to the Quality, Situation, and Convenience, as well as the Quantity of the Land to be allotted; and lhall, if, or as far as the fame can conveniently be done, make all the Allotments near to the Lands and Hereditaments they lhall belong to, within the faid DiftricF or Franchife ; and lhall alfo fet out and allot the Share or Shares of every Perfon refpeftively, in one entire Parcel, where the fame can conveniently be done, and as near to every Perfons, Lands and Tenements refpeftively as the fame conveniently may be.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the King’s mod Excel- Extras of a lent Majefty, His Heirs or Suc^eljprs, lhall make good and fubftantiate cit'nmirtion' his or their Claim or Claims to be 'Owner or Owneft pf the Soil of the «•« Awaid laid Common Marlhes, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and ^ £c5Kin“« Waite Lands, and an Allotment or Allotments lhall be made to him or Allotment (if •them, in lieu of fuch Right of Soil, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Com-niiffioner lhall and he is hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, L na Rrve-under his Hand and Seal, of fo much of his Award as lhall contain an 0litce* accurate Deicription of fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid, together with. Rich Regulations or Provifions relative to fuch Allotment or Allctfrttmts, or to any other Rights or Interefls of His Majefty, as may •be contained iiwluch A:warn, and alfo a Map or Plan of fitch Allotment ■°r -Allotments, and traniinit the fame to the Surveyor General of His Majefly’s Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months next ahei *the making and executing the laid Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

\_tac. Ss5 Ptr.J	12	0	XX. Provided

io66

^.iiorment? to i enants for pirc, and in *ec Simple.

Quality of tile Lands, ice. to be pubiilhtd*

Sating the Rights of the

Com m i f-fioners under the Aft 34 G. j. lor embanking Rhyddlan Marfb. Railing againlt Ronds and Siieep.

47* GEORG II III. Seff.2. Cap. 62.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe it fhali happen that the fame Perfon or Perfons is or are feifed of Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for Life only, and of the Fee-Simple and Inheritance of other Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, within the Laid Diftrift or Franchife, and any other Perfon or Perfons having or claiming to have Rights or Interefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, and fhali be entitled, or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in refpect of both fuch Eftates; then and in fuch cafe the Commiffioner, upon the Requeft, in'Writing, of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of his, her, <5r their Agent or Attorney, fhali fet out and allot the Share or Proportion of fuch Perfon or Perfons in refpect of his, her, or their different Eftate in diftinft and feparate Parcels from each other, fo that the Portion of Common awarded in refpeft of the Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments held for Life, or fettled Eflate, be no way intermixed with, but kept feparate from, the Portion awarded in refpect of the unfettled Eftate.

XXL And, for the more juft and regular Divifion, Allotment, and Diftri-bution of the laid Common Marfhes, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands by this Aft directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioner fhali, and he is hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling of this Aft, to value all the Lands and Grounds by this Aft directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed ; and alfo all the ancient inclofed Lands and Grounds having Right of Common over the fame, which Valuation, and the Particulars thereof, fhali be reduced into Writing and figned by the faid Commiffioner, and fhali be lodged with the Clerk to the faid Commiffioner for the Infpection of the feveral Proprietors or their Agents, and any Perfon or Perfons fo interefted fhali be entitled to a Copy of fuch Valuation on demand, paying for fuch Copy a reafonable Price to be afeertained by the faid Commiffioner ; and the faid Commiffioner fhali give or caufe to be given Fourteen Days Notice, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parifh Church of Rhuddlan aforefaid, upon fome Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, of the Time and Place by him appointed for receiving and hearing any Objections that may be made to fuch Valuation or Quality ; and the faid Commiffioner fhali hear and determine all fuch Objections, and his Determination therein fhali be final.

XXII.	Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained fhali extend or be conftrued to extend, to defeat, leffen, or abridge the Powers veiled in the Commiffioners appointed in and by the faid Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, herein-before mentioned, for putting fuch Act into Execution.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhali be lawful for all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments fhali be made by virtue of this Aft, from Time to Time during the Term of Seven Years from the fetting out of the faid Allotments, to fet dotyo Ports and Rails or any other Fences, in fuch Manner and in fuch Places as the faid Commiffioner fhali direft, on the outfide of the Ditches bounding any Highway or uninclofed Lands adjoining to his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, for the Prefcrva-

47*GE0RGI1 nr. Sell'. 2. Cap. 62.

tion of the Quickfets, not exceeding Four Feet from filch Ditches, and at any Time before the Expiration of the faid Term to remove and take away fuch Foils, Rails, and Fences; and no Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, (hall, for the Space of Seven Years from the Time of the Execution of the faid Award, keep any Sheep or Lambs on any Allotment or Inclofure to be made under this Aft, unlefs he, Jhe, or they fliall fence the fame with Walling or Polls and Rails or other proper Fences (fuch Fences to be approved of by tjie faid Commiflioner) fo as effectually to prevent his, her, or their Neighbour’s Quickfets and Hedges from being injured or deilroyed by fuch Sheep or Lambs: Provided always, that if fuch Fences fliall not be deemed effectual by the faid Commiflioner, it fhall be lawful to and for him to caufe the fame to be fo made, and the Expence attending the making the fame as aforefaid fhall be levied in the fame Manner as the Rate is herein before directed to be levied for carrying this Aft into Execution.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That all Encroachments, exclufive E of the Cottages and other Ereftions thereon, taken front the faid Common " Marihcs, Waite Low Lands, and other Commons and Waite Lands hereinbefore deferibed, within the Space of Twenty Years before the palling of this Aft, or that have been laid open within the faid Space of Twenty Years, fhall be deemed Part and Parcel of the fame Common Marflies, Wade Low Lands, and other Commons and Waite Lands, hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, and the fame may be fet out and allotted to the PeTon or Perfons in Poffeffon thereof, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be entitled to any Share or Allotment upon the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, and fliall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fix, and fful! requeit the fame by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, at or before the Third Meeting of the faid Commif-fioner, fo that fuch Encroachment or Encroachments, with the additional Road leading thereto from any general Road, which the faid Commif-fioner is to value as Common or Waite Land, without confidering the Ereftions and Improvements made thereon, do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall be entitled in lieu of his, her, or their Right of Common, and if the fame fliall fo exceed fuch Allotment or Allotments, the Surplus fhall be fevered and fenced out at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons fo having encroached, and may be allotted to fonie other Perfon or Perfons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments, fhall be defirous of purchafing fuch Surplus, and fliall pay to the faid Commiflioner fuch Price for the fame as fuch Commiflioner fliall fix, and the Money fliall be applied towards the general Purpoies of this Aft, in which cafe fuch Surplus fliall be awarded to the Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion thereof, and having purchafed the fame as aforefaid, and when it fliall happen that fuch Encroachments or Ereftions have been made by Perfons not entitled to any Right of Common, in fuch cafe the faid Commiflioner fliall fet a Value on all fuch Ereftions, and the fame fliall pafs with the Lands on which they fhall happen to Hand, to tiie Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Commiflioner fliall allot fuch I.and, he, fhe, or they paying to the Perfon or Puffins at whofe Expence fuch Ereftions were made, fuch Sum

of

io68

Connmif-lioivcr may mike any Al-teiatinni in the Abetment! before the Execu. tion if the Award.

Notice for

perufinor

Schedule and Mapi of intended Allotments to be given.

Award ta be tlepafited.

Proprietors may fell their Allotments before the Execution of tne Award.

47° GEORGII III. SefT.i* Cap.62.

of Money as the faid Commiflioner (hall have valued fuch Erections at} and if fuch Perfon to whom fuch Land fhall be allotted, (hall refufe to pay fuch Valuation, then the Perfon at whofe Expence fuch Erections (hall have been made, (hall have and enjoy fuch Cottages and Eredio.ia for fuch Time, and at fuch Ground Rent, or Acknowledgment, payable to the Perfon to whom the faid Land (hall be allotted, and in luch Manner as the faid Commiflioner (hall direct and appoint,

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawiul for the faid Commiflioner at any Time, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months after the faid Allotments (hall be fet out, to make fuch Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which he may have fet out and ordered as he (hall think right and expedient, and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall happen to be injured by fuch Alterations, or on account of any Expences he, (he, or they may have been at, the faid Commiflioner (hall afeertain and determine what Recompence (hall be made to him, her, or them, and (hall direct by whom and in what Manner fuch Recompence (hall be made,

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That when and as foon as the faid

Commiflioner (hall have afeertained the refpeftive Shares, Rights, and Interefls of the faid Proprietors in the faid Common Marfhes, VVafle Low Lands, and other Commons and Wade Lands to be inclofed by virtue of this Aft, and alfo the refpeftive Shares and Proportions by him propofed to be allotted to fuch Proprietors refpeftively in lieu thereof, the faid Commiflioner (hall give Notice in Manner aforefaid, of fome convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Perfons interefted may perufe a Schedule of fuch intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan, whereon the fame (hall be fet out and delineated, and mav have and receive a Copy of fuch Schedule, as far as the fame relates to fuch Proprietors refpeftively.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, when inrolled in manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, fhall be depofited in a Tin Box, and (hall be kept in the Parifh Church of Rhitddlan aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands aforefaid, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioner, to fell and difpofe of all fuch Eftate, Right, and Intereft, as he, (he, or they hath or have, into or upon the fame Common Marfties, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in refpeft thereof, by virtue of this Aft, feparate from fuch Eftate in right whereof he, (he, or they is, are, or fhall be fo entitled ; and in cafe of any fuch Sale, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner and he is hereby authorized and required to allot the fame to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeftively, who (hall immediately after the Execution of fuch Award as aforefaid, have, hold, ufe, and enjoy fuch Allotment or Allotments, and (hall have, ufe, and exercife any Aft of Ownerfhip in and upon the fame, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and

S	Purpoies

47* GEORGII III. Sell'. 2. Vaf.bi.	1069

Purpofes as'the former, Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in cafe any fitch Sale or Saks had nof been made.

XXIX.	And be it further eaadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or tbemfiIves aggrieved by any thing done in £ p‘ ;.|.t0 the* purfuance of this or the laid recited Act (except in loch Cafe where the Qu a ter Orders or Determinations of the laid Commiflioncr arc hereby or by die "c‘llC,‘ ‘ faid recited Adi directed to be final and conclufive, or where an lilue at Law lhall be tried as herein-before diredted, or any other Mode of Relief is herein-before appointed) then and in every Rich Cafe he, ihe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sellions of the Peace to be held in and for the faid County of Flint, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, giving Fourteen Days Notice of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof, in Writing, to the faid Commiflioner ; and the Juftices at their faid General Quarter Seffions, not being iuterefted in the Matter of fuch Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and to make fuch Order therein, and Award fuch Damages and Cofls, as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem meet and reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy fuch Damages and Cods by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale , which Determination of the faid Juftices fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Act fhall

not defeat or prejudice the Right or Intereft of the King’s mod Excellent Rightist to* Majedy in or to any Mines, Ores, Minerals, or Coal, in or under the faid M nes, Mi-Marfhes and Lands, or any Part thereof, but that His Majedy, His Heirs nerals»&c* and Succeffors, and his, her, or their Heirs, beffees and Grantees, Agents,

Servants, and Workmen, nyay fearch for, work, dig, raife, and carry away all Mines, Ores, Minerals and Coal, as freely and effectually as if this Adt had not been paffed, fave only that they fhall refpedtively do as little Damage as poflible in the Lands to be inclofed as aforefaid, and lhall make reafonable Satisfadtion and Recompence from Time to Time, to the Perfon or Perfons poffeffed thereof, for all Trefpafs and Damage that lhall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by fearching for, working, digging, raifing, and carrying away the faid Mines, Ores, Minerals, and.

Coal, or any of them.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted and declared, That Saving Ma« nothing herein contained fhall leffen, prejudice, or defeat the Right, Title,

or Intereft of the Lords and Ladies of the faid Manor and Franchife, s 1 * within the Jurifdidtion or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds hereby diredted to be divided and allotted are fituate, lying, and being, of, in, or to the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties incident or belonging to fuch Manor and Franchife, or to the Lords and Ladies thereof, or to any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him, her, or them, but the fame (other than and except the Intereft and other Property as is or are meant or intended to be barred by this Adt), fhall remain in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purpofes, as he, fhe, or they might or ought to [Lse, 5s* Per.]	12	P	have

I©70	III.	Sell.	2.	Cap,	62.

have held or enjoyed fuch Rights before the palling of this Aft, or in cafe the fame had never been made.

XXXII.	Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majcfty, Ilis Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Corporate and Politic, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftratcrs, all fuch Right, Title, F.ffate, and littered (other than thofe meant and intended to be barred and deflroyed by this Aft) as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the faid Common Marlhes, Wade Low Lands, and ether Commons and Waite Lands aforefaid, or any Part thereof, before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the palling of this Aft, or in cafe this Aft had not been made.

fublirk Aft, XXXIII. And be it further cnafted, That this Aft fhall be printed by

the Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof, fo printed, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1807.

'1

.UM'Vi



war-swi

c. “AW

; bamr)U«- »t*W-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Adi for incloling Lands at Thorpe, in the County

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parifh of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paltures, Lammas Lands, and Wade Grounds, containing together, by Computation, Eight hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and alfo divers inclofed Lands and Grounds, containing by Computation Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts : And whereas the King’s molt Excellent Majefty in Right of His Crown is feifed of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land called the Ten Acres Piece, lying in Tiorpe aforefaid, and Richard Wyatt of Egham, in the faid County of Surrey, Efquire, is the LefP-e thereof: And whereas John Leigh Bennett Clerk, is Lord of the Manor of Thorpe, and as fuch is entitled to the Right of Soil in, over, and upon the feveral Commons and Wade Lands within thr faid Manor : Anil whereas the faid John Leigh Bennett is Impropii-ate Rt ftor of the Redory and Parifh Church of Thorpe aforefaid, and alio Vitar of Thorpe aforefaid, and as fuch is entitle;! to the Great and Small Tythes arifing or renewing within the faid Parifli, except as to certa n Lands called Northlands, and Mead lake, which are fubjed to the Payment of certain Moduf-s in lieu thereof to the faid John Leigh Benr.ett : Ar.d whereas the laid John Leigh Bennett, the Prtfident and Scholars of Corpus Chrifti College in Oxford, and their Leffee, Sir William Blackett Baronet, James Ludivick Grant Efquire, and others, are Owners and Proprietors of ail the laid Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paltures, Lammas Lands, and Waite Grounds intended to be divided and inclofed as herein-after mentioned : And whereas an Ad was palled in the [L°c. Per.']	12	Q	Forty-

*<*•***************************************************

of Surrey.

i©74

Commifiion-«rs appointed.

ter appointing; new Com miffioner-#

t

47° GE OR Gil III. SefT.2. Cap. 63.

Porty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for eonfolidating in Ore Ad, certain Provifuns vfually inferted in Ads of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fever a I Pads ufually required on the faffing of fuch Ads : And whereas it would be advantageous to the feveral Proprietors and Perfons interefted in the Paid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Waite Grounds, if the fame were inclofed, and fpecific Shares and Parts thereof allotted to the feveral Perfons interefted therein in proportion to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts; but as fuch Divifion, Allotments, and Inclofure, cannot be effefted without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this prefent Parliament affi mbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Thomas Chapman of Richmond,, in the County of Surrey, Laud Surveyor, and Thomas Crawler Senior, of Cobham, in the faid County of Surrey, Land Surveyor, fha!l be and they are hereby appointed Coniniiflioncrs for dividing, alloting, and incloftng all the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Waite Grounds within or belonging to the Manor and Parilh of Thorpe afurefaid, (except the Waite Land called Thorpe Green) and difeharging the lame trom a 1 Common Rights, and for carrying this Aft and the faid recited Aft into Execution, fave and except fuch Parts of the faid recited Aft as are varied or altered by this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Thomas Chapman, or any fucceeding Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Aft in bis Room or Stead, {hall die, refufe, or negleft to aft, rr become incapable of afting as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, then and in fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful for the laid folm Leigh Bennett, or the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby required by Writing under his Hand or their Hands, within Twenty Days next after every fuch Death, Refufal, Negleft, or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be known to him or them by N tice in Writing under the Hand of the furviving or remaining Com-miffioner, to be left at the ufual Place of Abode of the faid John Leiyh Bennett, or the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, which Notice fuch furviving or afting Commiflioner is hereby required to give or leave, or caufe to be given or left as aforefaid within the Space of Twenty Days next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity (hall be known to him or them, to nominate and appoint one other Perfon, not interefted in the faid Inclofure, to be a Commiflioner in the Room orStead of the faid Thomas Chapman, or of any lucceedir.g Commiflioner nominated and appointed in his Room orStead, who liiall fo die, refufe,or negleft to aft, or fliall become incapable of acting as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords of the faid Manor for the Time being, fliall die, refufe, negleft, or become incapable to aft as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft ; and in cafe the faid Thomas Crawler, or any fucceeding Commiflioner to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Aft, in his Room or Stead, fliall die, refufe, or negleft to aft, or become incapable of afting as fuch Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, then and in fuch Cafe it ihall be lawful for the major Part in Value (fuch 5	Value

4-7°GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.63.

Value to be afcertained according to the Rates or Affieffments made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the Paid Parilh of Thorpe for that Year) of the feveral Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the faid inclofed Lands and Grounds, and of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Waite Grounds fo direfted to be fet out, divided, allotted, and incloied as aforefaid, (except the Lord or Lords for the Time being of the afore-faid Manor, and the Rector of the faid Reftory of Thorpe aforefaid) who (hall by themfelves or Agents, duly authorized, attend a Meeting or Meetings to be appointed for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice in Writing, ftgned by any Two or more of fuch Owners and Proprietors, (hall be given by affixing the fame on the principal outer Door of the Parilh Church of Thorpe aforefaid ; and fuch major Part in Value of fuch Owne s and Proprietors are hereby required within Twenty Days next alter fuch Death, Refufal, Neglect, or Incapacity as aforefaid ffiall be made known, by a Notice in Writing under the Hand of the l'urv - teg or remaining Commiffioner, to be affixed on the outer Door of the Parilh Church of Thorpe aforefaid, on tome Sunday immediately before Divine Service, and which latt-mentioned Notice fuch Commilliouer is tereby requ red to give or caufe to be givtn within Twenty Days after fuch Death, Retufal, or Incapacity ffiall be made known to him by "IVriting under their Hands, or under the Hands of fuch their refpeftive Agents as aforefaid, to nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper Peifon mo mrerefled in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclolure) to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of the faid Thomas Crawler, or of any fficceeding Commiffioner nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, who ffiall lo die, or refufe or negleft to aft, or ihall become incapable of afting as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commi oner, fo to be nominated and appointed by fuch Owners ano. Propria -rs as aforefaid, ffiall die, refufe, neglect to aft, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Aft ; and every Commiffioner fo to be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords of the laid Manor for the Time being, or the major Part in Value of fuch Owners and Proprietors in Manner aforefaid, ffiall, after taking the Oath preferibed by the laid recited Aft in that behalf, have the like Power and Autho-1 ir- tor carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, and ffiall be iubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions • ;f he had been originally nominated a Commiffioner in and bv this Aft.

HI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if the faid John Leigh iletneit, or the Lord or Lords of the laid Manor for the Time being, or inch Owners and Proprietors as aforefaid, ffiall make Default in nom. rating and appointing any new Commiffioner fo to be nominated and appointed by him or them r-fpeftively as aforefaid, within the ref. peftive 1 mes for that Purpofe limited and in Manner aforefaid, then and in every luch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful for the furviving or remaining Commiffioner and he is hereby required and direfted, from Time to Time by Writing under his Hand within Twenty-one Da\s next after the Expiration of the refpeftive Times allowed to the refpeftive Parties for nominating and appointing fuch new and fuccecding Commiffioner as atorelaid, to nominate and appoint lome other fit aud proper Pcrlon or Perlons (not interfiled in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inc(ofuie) to-be a Commiffioner in the Room and Stead of every fuch Commiffioner

who

If the Lord of! he Manor’ cr Pnprie-tors neglect to appoint a new Co nmiffioner within chc Time pre IciiPtd, the acting C< m-rntflloner to make iuch Appointment.

1076

Appointment o» U.npiie.

Forappointing anotli r Per-fon in his R om in cafe of hit D;a:h.

47° GEORG 11 III. Self. 2. Cap. 63.

who (ball fo die, refufe, negleft to aft, or become incapable of afting as aforefaid ; and everv fuch Commiffioner lo to be nominated and appointed bv virtue of this Aft, (hail, after taking the Oath prefcribed by the faid recited Aft in that behalr, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Reftrtftions, as if he had been o*iginally nominated a Commiffioner in and by this Aft.

IV.	And, for the Purpofe of fettling and determining any Difference or Difouie that may arife between the faid Commiffioners touching or concerning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in pursuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft ; be it enafted, That the faid Commiffioners ihall, and they are hereby required, within Twenty-one Days after their taking and fubfcribing the Oath by the faid recited Aft direfted to be by them taken and fubfcribed, by Writing under their Hands, to choofe, nominate, and appoint fome proper and (killu! Perfon, (not interefted in any Lands or Hereditaments to be divided and allotted within the faid Pariffi of Thorpe) who (hall be willing and con'ent to aft as an Umpire ; and in c.fe the faid Commiffioners fhall negleft or refufe, oi any Difference (hall arife between them with refpeft to the Nomination and Appointment of fuch Umpire, then and in fuch Cafe, at the Expiration of the faid Twenty-one Days, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John I.eigh Bennett, and the Lord or l.ords of the faid Manor for the Time being, and the major Part in Value of the faid Owners and Proprietors (fuch Value to be afcertained in Manner aforefai.t), to choofe, nominate, and appoint fuch Umpire in the fame Manner as rhey refpeftively are herein-before empowered, to nominate and ai point a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in cafe of the Death, Refufal, Negleft, or Incapacity of either of the faid Commiffioners to •aft in ti e Execution of this Aft ; and the faid Umpire when chofen and appointed by the Means aforefaid is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any Difference or Difpute which may arife between the faid Commiffioners, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure ; and the Judgement and Determination of the faid Umpire therein (hall be deemed and confidered to be the Judgement and Determination of the faid Commiffioners, and (hall be final and conclufive upon the faid Commiffioners, and upon all other Perfons concerned in the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, fo far as the Judgement and Determination of the faid Commiffioners are by the faid recited Aft and this Aft made final and conclufive : Provided always, that in cafe the Perfon fo to be nominated and appointed Umpire as aforefaid fhall die, or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft or this Aft as fuch Umpire, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miffioner?, within Twenty-one Days after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity of fuch Umpire, and if the faid Commiffioners ffiall negleft or refufe, or differ in appointing another Umpire, then for the Lord or Lords for the Time being, and the (aid laff mentioned Owners and Proprietors, to nominate and appoint One other Perfon as Umpire in the Room and Stead of the Perfon fo dying or refilling to aft, or becoming incapable of afting in the Execution of the laid recited Aft, and of this Aft, as fuch Umpire, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Perfon

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 63.	1077

fo nominated and appointed an Umpire fhail die, or refufe to act, or become incapable of lifting in the Execution of the laid recited Aft and of this Aft ; and in cafe any fuch Umpire fhail tiegieft to letile and determine any fuch Difference or Difpute within Twenty-one Days after the fame fha.ll have been reterred to him by the faid Commiffioners, fuch Negleft lhall be deemed and taken to be aRefufal to aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, 1 hat no Perfon (hall be capable of afting in the Execution of this Aft as Umpire, until he (hall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath following, that is to fay :

‘ r A. B. do fwear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and hcneftly, ouh or « A according to the bed of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform u"'p:c‘

« theTrufl, Power, and Authority repofed in me as Umpire, by virtue

*	of an A£t made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, An Ad for incloftng Lands in the Manor and ‘ Parijh of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey, according to Equity and

*	good Confcience, and without Favour or Affeftion to any Perfon or Per-‘ fons whotnfoever.

* So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it fhail be lawful to and for either of the faid Commiffioners toadminifter (who is hereby required to adminifter the fame) and fuch Oath when fo taken and fubfcribed by Inch Umpire fhail be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the faid Commiffioners.

VI.	And be it further enafttd, That out of the Money which (hall be Commiffion-raifed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, '|.c\A!!ow" each of the faid Commiffioners, and the faid Umpire, who lhall aft in

the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the faid recited Aft vefted in them, (hail be paid for each and every Day lie (hail travel, or be wholly employed in any Bufinefs relative to the Execution of this Act, or of aDy of the Powers hereby veiled in him, the Sum of Three Guineas, and no more, in full Satisfaction and Difcharge for his Time and Trouble, and for the feveral Expences that he (hall be put unto during his feveral Journies and Attendances in the Execution of this Acl j but no Cammillioner or Umpire fhail be paid the faid Allowance for more than One Day in refpeft of travelling, or for more than One Day in refpeft of returning from the Place of his Attendance or Meeting as aforefaid.

'	f

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners fhali Commiflioa-caufe Notice to be given in the Parilh Church of Tborpe aforefaid, on feme 'p to slve Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on Sitl^Meer-one of the outer Doors of the faid Church, and alio by Advertifement ‘‘'S’-

to be inferred in the Newspaper called The County Chronicle, if then pub-liffied, and if not, then in Come other Newlpaper circulated in the laid County of Surrey, of the Time and Place of his and their Firft and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby veiled in him and them, at leaft Fourteen Days before loch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and the faid Commiffioners lhall and may affiourn any fuch Meeting ircr.i Time to Time and from Place to Place as they (ball fee Occafion : Provided always, that all the Meetings of the faid Commit ,,

IT,.. S-i D 1	1	7)	'	r-	Mtetingsof

LLot. & Per.]	12	R	noners	commifr.en-

j- ____,	,	.	;	....	,	eis to be

30/8

wi'liin E Miles.



Proprietors to •p.'ty their own Expcnees at Meetings

0	her Nolices

1	6 \ to go be given.

Cotnmifiion-er to fettle Diiputes.

CommilTion-er not to<1e-t ermine Titles.

Power to awardCofts.

47° G E O R G11 UI. Sell. 2. Cap. 63.

fioners for putting this Act into Execution ffiali be holden vvitliin the Pariffi of 'Thorpe aforefaid, or within the Diftance of Eight Miles front the Boundary of thefaid Parifli.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the fetid Proprietors, their Attorneys and Agents, fhall pay their own Expcnees when they or any of them (ball attend the faid Conimiffioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of.this Ad.

TX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all other Notices neceffary to be given by the laid Commiffioners in purluance of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad, the Manner of giving whereof is not herein otherwife particularly directed, fhail be given by Advertifement in thefaid Newfpaper called The County Chronicle, if th.n publilheJ, and if r.or, then in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Surrey.

X.	And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute or Difference (hall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interehed in any ’of the Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments to be afFeded by this Ad, touching or concerning the refpedive Rights and Interefts which they or any of them (hall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compenfation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Divi. fion and Allotments hereby direded to be made, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame : Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall authorize the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-jedion pr Objedions, to be delivered to them in purfuance of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad, fee caufe to award any Colls, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs, and award fuch Cofls and Charges as they fhall think reafonabie to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the Commiffioners fhall be made, by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fhall be thereby dlfal-lowed or overruled ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiaie, who fhall be liable to pay fuch Colls or Charges, ffiall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Colls and Charges to be levied by Diiirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick,Corporate or Collegiate fo negle&ing or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick,Corporate or Collegiate whofe Goods and Chattels ffiall have been fo dillrained and fold,

alter

1079

47° G E ORGII III. Sell'. 2. Cap. 63.

after deducting the Cods and Charges attending luch Diftreis and Sale.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, T I at in cafe any Per-

fon orPerfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Col cginte, intertfted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, fhall be dillatisfieJ with any Determination of the faiJ Contmifhor.ers or Umpire touching or concerning any Claim or Claitns of Right to the Soil of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Wafte Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereft in, over, and upon the fame or any Part thereof, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the P : ■< or Peifons fo diffatisfied to proceed to a Ttial at Law of the ,\.io determined by the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, at the then •	<	r at the

following Afiizes to be holden for the faid County of Surrey, and for that Purpote the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Com-mifiioners or Umpire, fhall caufe an Aftion to be brought n a feigned Iffue agair.ft the Perfon or Perfons, Body or B (ties Politick, Corporate or Collegiate in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination ot the laid Commiffioners or Llmpire, and the Defendant or Defendants in Inch Action or Aftions fhall, and he, fhe, or thev is and are hereby

ed to name an Attorney or Anomies who fhall appear thereto, or

mmnn Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or Iffues whereby fuch Cl dm or Claims, and the R'ght or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tries and dete'miued, (fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Cou.t in which fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be commenced, incale the Parties uiffer about the fame) and the Verrift or Verdifts whfcit fhall be given in fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be final, binding, and con-clufive up n all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corpotaie or Collegiate, unlefs tire Court wherein fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be brought fhall fet slide fuch Verdiftor Verdifts, and order a new Trial to be had theiein, which it fhall be lawful for the Courctodo, as is ufual in other Cafes; and that after fuch Verdiftor Verdifts fhall be obtained, and not fet aiide by the Court, the faid Com-miilioners fhall and they are hereby required to aft in conformity thereto, and allow or to difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire touching fuch Claim or Claims to the Right to the Soil of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Wa'fte Grounds’ and other Rights and Interefts in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, which fhall not be objefted to’ or being objected to, the Party or Parties objefting and not caufing fuch Aftion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Difpute, or Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands/ Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Parties elf Uti'iied with Uttrrmina-tioa of Co-n-mifiioiwrg. may try tiieir RigUu.-.tl.-*.

D. termination ot Com-tmflioners to which no O'-', joliion lliall L* made to oe haul.

Trial not to fu pet d ihe Execution of the Powers ot the Act.

ioSo

Death of Parties not to itay

Proceedings

at Law.

Allctm*nt for Watering Places, Gravel Pits, Ire.

OiJ RoaJs or Wavs :iaay beft.pp.J up.

A'lotmentfi to thtRector and Vicar of Tnorp®, in lieu of Tythes of the umu* clo'ed Grounds.

47° GEORG 11 III. SelT. 2. Cap. 63.

ditaments, (hull impede or delay tlie faid Commiffioners in the Execution

of this Aft, but the Divifion and [oclofure hereby direfted to be made fhall be proceeded in notwithftanding any l'uch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XV.	And be it further er.afted, That if any of the Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants, in any Action to be brought in purfuance of this Aft fhill die pending the fame, fuch Aftion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no luch Event had happened.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That the laid CommifTioners fhall and they are hereby direfted to fet out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the faid Parifh of Thorpe, fuch Parts and Parcels of the faid Lands hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed as the faid Commiffioners fhall think proper or neceffary, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for Stone, Crav'd, and Sand-pirs, and the faid Allotment when fo fet out fhall for ever thereafter be uled by the Surveyors of the Highways, and alfo by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the faid Parifh, and their Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiffioners fhall in and by their Award direft or appoint.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in cafe they think proper, to flop up, divert, turn, or vary the Direction of any old or accuftomed Road or Roads, Way or Ways, Path or Paths, Track or Tracks, puffing or leading through any Part of the old In-clofures, or over any other Part of the faid Parifh of Thorpe not herein direfted to be divided and allotted ; fubjeft Hevertfeefefs to fuch Provifions, and under fuch Regulations, D reftions, and Conditions, as are contained in the faid recited Aft, refpefting the flopping up of any old or accuftomed Ro3d or Roads : Provided always, that none of the prefetit Roads, Ways, Paths, or d rafts within the laid Parifh fhall be fhut up or difcontinuCd until the feveral Roads or Ways intended to be and remain publick Roads or Highways fhall be fet out in Manner by the faid recited Aft and this Aft direft d, and until the fame fhall be properly fenced and made fafe and convenient for the Palfage ofHorfes, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That after fetting out all the publick and private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniences, in and by the faid recited Aft and this Act direfted to be fet out and appointed, the faid CommifTioners fhall and tnay and they are hereby authorized and required to fee out and allot to the faid John Leigh Bennett, as Impropriate Reftor of the Rectory of Thorpe at. refaid, and his Succelfors Rectors of the Parifh of Thorpe aforelaid, and to the laid John Leigh Bennett, as Vicar, and his Succelfors Vicars of Thorpe as aforefaid, fuch Plots or Parcels of the laid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paflures, Lammas Lands, and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parifh of Thotpe hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners fhall be equal in V.dtie to One Fifth of the Open Arable Lands and Grounds, and to One Eighth of the Open Meadow and Paflure Land and Wafte Grounds within the faid Paiilli, and fuch Allotment or Allotments fo ftt out and allotted to

the

ioiU

470 GEORGII HI. Sefl'.a. Gap.63.

the faid John Leigh Bennett and his Succeffots, Impropriate Rectors and Vicars as taforelaid, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be a full Satisfaction and Compenfation to the faid John Leigh Bennett and Ids Succef-fors, Rectors and Vicars as aforefaid, for the Great and Small iythr« and all other Ecclefiallical Dues and Payments whatfoever (Glebe Lands, Mortuaries, Eafter Offerings, and Surplice pees excepted) ariftng, happening, and increafing or renewing within, upon, out of, or from all the laid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pailures, Lammas Lands, and Wide Grounds within the Pari(h of ‘Thorpe aforefaid, and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be divided, fet out, and allotted to and between the faid John Leigh Bennett and his Succeffors, Impropriate Rectors of Thorpe as aforefaid, and the faid John Leigh Bennett and his Succeffors. Vicars of Thorpe as aforefaid, in luch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiffiontrs (hall adjudge and determine to be equal in Value to and a juft Compenfation for the feveral and respective Rights and Interefts of the faid 'John Leigh Bennett as Impropriate Rector and Vicar, and his Succeffors, Rectors and Vicars as afortfaid, in and to the Great and Small Tythes arifing, happening, increafing, or growing due within, upon, out of, and from the faid Open and Common Fi Ids, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Wafte-Grounds, fituate within the Parith of Thorpe aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid CommiHioners (hall and may with the Confent of the faid John Leigh Bennett or his Succeffors, lmpropri.te Rectors and as Vicars of the Parifh ot Thorpe aforefaid, and ot the Owners ot any old Inclol'ures v.ithin the Parifh of Thorpe aforefaid, to be figniiied in Writing, fet out and allot to the laid John Leigh Bennett as Impropriate Rector of the Rectory of Thorpe afcreiaid, and his Succeffors, Hectors of the Parith of Thorpe aforefaid, and to the faid John Lrigb Bennett as Vicar, and his Succeffors, Vicars of Thorpe as aforefaid, fuch Plots or Parcels of the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Wait*. Grounds within the fa id Parifh of Thorpe hereby directed tabe divided and allotted, as in the judgement of the laid CommiHioners lhali be equal in Value to One Fifth ot the faid old inclofed Arable Lands and Grounds, and to One Eighth of the faid old incicfedMeadow and PatiureLaiids ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments fo fee out and allotted to the faui John Lei-b Bennett and his Succeffors, Impropriate Rectors and Vicars as aforefaid, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be a full Satisfaction and Compenfation to the faid ’John Leigh Bsnr.eit and his Succefibrs, Rectors and Vicars as aforefaid, for the Great and Small Tythes, and all other Eccle-fiaftica! Dues and Payments whatfoever (Glebe Lands, Mortuaries, Eafter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) arifing, happening, and increafing, or renewing, within, upon, out of, or from all the faid old Inclol’ures within the Parifh of Thorpe aforefaid ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall b.e divided, fet out, and allotted to and between the faid Jt/hn Leigh Bennett and his Succeffors, Impropriate Rectors of Thorpe as aforelaid, and the laid John Leigh Bennett and his Succeffors, Vicars of Thorpes aforefaid, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the laid Commif-lioners lhall adjudge and determine to be equal in Value to and a jult Compenfation for the feveral and refpective Rights and Interefts cf the faid John Leigh Bennett, as Impropriate Rector and Vicar, and his Succeffors, Kectois and Vicars as aforefaid, in and to the Great and Small [Lee. iVr.J	12	S	Tythes

Alotment* to the Rebrand V car of I ho* c in turn o* TytKtf* or the o!<l Ini' furcs, with (lot.fair cf Parties.

1082

Owner* cf oM Inclofures not having fuf-fccimt ui inclofed Land to exonerate them from Tythes, may dilcharge the tame by a Money Payment.

Old Inclofures

may he dil-

aharge ! from Tythes y Content by allot’ irg Pa't

thereof in lie u

of Tythes.

Allotment to theLord of the Manor of i-i6th in lieu of Kight of Soil.

Directing th’t Thorpe Green (hall not be in-dofcd*

Allotment of the Kcfrlue.

47* GEORGII III. Seif. 2. Cap. 63.

Tythes arifing, happening, increafing, orgrowingdue, within, upon, out of and from the faid old Inclofures, fituate within the Parifh of Thorpe aforefaid.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in cafe the Owners of anv Meiluages, Cottages, Homefleads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclofed Lands and Grounds in the Parifh of Thorpe aforefaid, flnll not be entitled upon the laid Divifion and Allotment to a fufficrent Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted to exonerate his, her, or their old Inclofure from Tythes, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners, with the Confent of the faid John Leigh Bennett or his Succeffors, Impropriate Redtors and as Vicars ot the Parilh of Thorpe aforefaid, and of the refpective Owners thereof, to be fignified in Writing, are hereby authorized and empowered to charge the refpedtiveOwners thereof with fuch Sum and SumsofMoneyas fhali in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners be a juft and fud Satisfaction for the Fee Simple of the Tythes thereof refpedively, and fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall be paid to the faid Commiflioners, and be by them paid to the faid John Leigh Bennett or his Succeflors, as Impropriate Rtdtors and as Vicars of the Parifh of Thorpe aforefaid ; and the faid Commiflioners fhali and they are hereby authorized and empowered in making the Divifion of the Allotments f(jr Tythes between the Rector and Vicar as aforefaid, to allot to the Vicar fo much and luch Part from the Redtor’s Allotment as fhali be equal in Value to theVicarial Tythes arifing from fuch laft-mentioned old Inclofures as fhali be fo exonerated from Tythes by a Compenfation in Money as aforefaid : Provided always, that the faid Commiflioners fliall or may, with the Confent of the Redtor and Vicar of Thorpe aforefaid, and of the Owners of any old Inclofures within the Parifh of Thorpe aforefaid, to be fignified in Writing, allot and appoint any of fuch old Inclofures to the laid Redtor or Vicar in lieu and in difeharge of any Impropriate or Vicarial Tythes payable from or out of any Lands or Hereditaments in the faid Parifh of Thorpe, the Property of the Owners of fuch Lands fo to be given in lieu of fuch Tythes.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Commifiicaers fhali in the next Place fet out, allot, and award unto and for the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Thorpe aforefaid, fuch Part or Parts of the Wafle Grounds within the faid Manor hereby directed to be divided and allotted as in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners fhali be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part thereof, as a full Compenfatien and Satisfaction for the Rights and Interefts of the Lord or Lords in and to the Soil of the Wade Lands within the faid Manor, except as to the WafteLand called Thorpe Green.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the Wafle Land called Thorpe Green fhali not be inclofed, but the fame fliall remain open and uninclofed, and the Depafturage thereof fhali be {tinted in fuch Manner and under fuch Reftridtions as the faid Commiffioneis lhall in and by their Award order and diredt.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted. That the faid Commiflioners fliall and they arc hereby requited in the next Place to fet out and allot the Refidue of the Lands and Grounds by this Adi dire "ted to be divided and

allotted

47° GEORGII ill. Seff.2. Cap. 63.	1083

allotted unto the faid Richard Wyatt as Leffee of His Majefty, for fuch Etlateand Intercft as the faid Richard Wyatt now hath as Leffee as afore-. faid, andfubjecl thereto unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and unto and amongft the feveral other Owners and Proprietors thereof and	f

Perfons interefted therein, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Cominiflioners lhall adjudge and determine, in proportion and according to and in full Compenlation and Satisfaction for their refp.’Ctive Eftatcs, Rights, and Interefts in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and incloled.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid CommiffionerS lhall Directing » and they are hereby required to make an Extraft on Parchment under M*je«y sa'i-their Hands and Seals of fo much of their Award as lhall contain "an ac- lot men t to be cmate Defcription of the Allotment or Allotments which lhall be made [[’"surveyor9 to His faid Majefty, or His Leflte as aforefaid, together with fuch General. ’ Regulations or Provisions relative to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or

to any other Rights or Interefts of His Majefty, or His Leffces, as may be contained in fuch Award, and alfo a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments ; and tranfmit the fame to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months next after the making and executing the faid Award to be by the faid Surveyor Geneial filed and kept among the Muniments in his Office.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That until the faid Divifion and Rector may Allotment lhall be completed in purfuanceof this Adr, or until fuch other 'o'11'1"" to

'l ime as the faid Commillioners lhall by Writing under their Hands appoint u,,7ii cfommif-the faid John Leigh Bennett, as Impropriate Reftor and Vicar, and his fioners order Succeffors refpeftively Rectors and Vicars as aforefaid, lhall be entitled the contrary, unto and lhall receive and take fuch and the fame Tythrs, Modufes, and other Ecclefiaftical Dues and Payments, as he or they could or might have done in cafe this Act had not been made.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Plots or Parcels TythrAi'ot-of Ground fo to be fet out and allotted as and for the Satisfaction and fenced. Compenfation for all Tythes by virtue of this Act, lhall be inclofed and

fenced round with Ditches and Quickfet Hedges, with fufBcient Polts,

Rails, and other Guard-Fences to fuch Quickfet Hedge?, at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietois of the Meffuages and Hereditaments fo exonerated-and difeharged from Tythes by virtue of this Ad, as the faid Ccmmiffioners lhall order, direft, or appoint ; and the faid Coaimiflion-ers lhall in and by their Award order and appoint to whom the faidKedges,

Bitches, and Fences, or any Part or Parts thereof, lhall belong after the fame frail have been properly made, whether to the faid John Leigh Bennett as Impropriate Redor, and his Succeffors, or to the faid John Lfigh Bennett as Vicar, and his Succeffors, Vicars of Tkoite aforelaid ; and the faid Hedges. Ditches, and Fences when made, lhal! for ever thereafter be fecured and kept in Repair, maintained, and fupporred, by and at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame lhall ■ be fo awarded to belong.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral other Allotments Feacinf. of the.laid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures,

Lammas

1084	47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. by

Lammas Lands, and Wade Grounds in the faid Parifh of Thorpe fo to be made as aforefaid, dial] be inclofed. Hedged, ditched, and fenced by and at the Expence of the refpective Proprietors to whom fuch Hedges, Ditches, and Fences fhall be allotted or directed to belong, with Quickfets or in fuch other Manner,, aud within fuch Time, as the laid Commiflhinfers by their faid Award fhall appoint; and all fuch Hedges, Ditches, 4nd Fences as fhall be fo made as aforefaid, fhall for ever thereafter be repaired, preferved, and maintained by fuch Perfon and Perf. ns, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in fuch Shares and Propor. tions, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commifiioners fhall in and by their Award order and direct.

E’ropdstptt XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the may by Order faid Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, or any of them, cn fence their at anY Time or Times after the laid Allotments fhall be flaked and fet Allotments out by the faid Commifiioners, and before the Execution of their faid Icutionof^Ue Award, to inclofe and fence in the fame by and with the Confent of Award. the faid Commifiioners, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commifiioners fhall dired.

Courfe ofHuf.	XXIX. And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of

tucVmon t^1's Act, and until the Execution of the Award of the fail Commifiioners, field*.'1 all the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paltures, Lammas Lands, and Wade Grounds, hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, fhall be fubject to fuch Directions and Regulations as the laid Commif-floners fhall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands appoint, with regard to the flocking, mowing, ploughing, folding, tilling, fow-ing, and laying down the fame ; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to order and dired (uch Sum and Sums of Money to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons interefled in the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Wafte Grouno’s, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as the laid Commiflion-ers fhall think reafcnable ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be direded to pay fttchSumor Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforefaid, Hull neglect or refufc to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for thefaidCommifiioners and they arc hereby authorized and required to raile and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts and Expences to be afleffed and awarded by the faid Commifiioners by virtue of this Ad are directed to be raifed and levied.

sheep »r	XXX. And be it further enacied, That it fhall not be lawful for any

Lambs not f> Perfon or Perfons for the Space of Five Years to keep or departure any Indofues'i*r Sheep or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue Five Years, of this Act, which under the Award of the faid Commifiioners fhall be Wlll’j}’nt t) e ordered and direded to be fenced by Hedges, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons youngCUiick- keeping fuch Sheep or Lambs fhall at his or their own Expence effedually lclSk	and fufEciently fence oil'and guard, and duly keep fenced off and guarded

the Quickfet Hedges and other Live Fences of the Proprietor or Proprietbrs of fuch Allotment or Allotments where fuch Sheep and Lambs fhall be fo kept, and of fuch Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto, fo as to

prevent

47“GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 63.	1085

prevent any Damage being done to fuch Quickfet Hedges and other Live Fences aforefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifllon^ Commiffioners, at any Time previous to the Execution of their Award, mine Leaiei." in all Cafes where they fhall deem it neceffary or expedient for the due Execution of this Aft, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands to determine and make void a'l or any of the Leafes or Agreements for Leafes at Rack Rents, or from Year to Year then fubfifting, of any of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, and any of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in 7horpe aforefaid, which fhall be exchanged or exonerated from Tythes by virtue of the faid recited Aft, or of this Aft, either as to the Whole or as to fome Part or Parts only of tne Lands and Hereditaments comprifed in fuch Leafes or Agreements refpedively, and at fuch Time or Times in the Year as the faid Commiffioners fhall think moft convenient, according to the Circum-ftances of the Cafe ; and where any fuch Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, fhall be determined as aforefaid, ihe faid Commiffioners fhall afeertain and direft whether any and what Sum or Sums of Money fhall or oueht to be paid, or any and what Deduftion and Abatement in the referved Rent or Rents fhall or ought to be made by the Leffors or Landlords to the Leffees or Tenants, as a Compenfation and Satisfaftion for fuch total or partial Determination of their refpeftive Leafes or Agreements, and fuch reduced Rents fo afeertained as aforefaid fhall refpeftively become payable, or commence at fuch Time or Times and in fuch Manner as the Lid Commiffioners fhall direft and appoint, and fhall be recovered in like Manner as the original Kent referved in and by fuch Leafe or Agreement would have been by Law recoverable; and in all Cafes where any Sum or Sums of Money fhall by the faid Commiffioners be afeertained and direfted to be paid as a Compenfation for determining any fuch Leafe or Agreement, the fame fhall be actually paid by the Lefforor Leffors, Landlord or Landlords before they fhall be put into Poffeffion of the refpeftive Lands and Hereditaments comprifed in fuch Leafe or Agreement ; and in all Cafes where any of fuch fubfifting Leales or Agreements fhall continue in force, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments therein comprifed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners in like Manner to afeertain and direft whether any and what additional Rent orRents fhall or ought to be paid by the Leffees or 1 enants to the Leffors or Landlords for or in refpeft of any Improvements in the Annual Vaiue of the Lands and Hereditaments comprifed in fuch Leafes or Agreements refpeftively, by reafon of the fame being divided and allotted, exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged refpeftively by virtue of tne faid recited Aft or of this Aft ; and fuch additional Rent* fo afeertained and direfted to be paid as laft aforefaid, fhall commence at fuch Time or Times as the faid Comm ffioners fhall appoint, and fhall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as tire Rents originally referved would have been payable and recoverable if this Aft had noc been made ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners in like Manner to fettle, afeertain, and direft the Courl'e of Huibandry to be ufed by fuch Leffees dr Tenants, during the Remainder of their fubfifting Leafes and Agreements, in all Cafes where they fhall deem it neceffary fo to do :

Provided always, that if there fhall be any Leafe of Lands, Part of which fhall lie in the faid Parifh of Thorpe, and Part in any adjoining \Lcc.& Per.']	12 T	Manor

io86	47®	GEORGII III. Seff.2.	Cap.-63.

Manor or Parilh, all and every fueh Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent now fubfifting may be vacated, but where fuch Land (hall have been taken in Exchange, the Whole of which Land (hall be under Leafe, and fituate in an adjoining Manor orParilh, the Leafe of fuch lalt-mentioned Land (hall not be vacated.

T'fn ,0	XXXII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to

flanTng '°r and for the faid Commiflioners and they are hereby required, by any Crop*. Writing or Writings under their Hands, to afcertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money (hall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crop or Crops growing at the Time the faid intended Divifion and Allotments (hall be made, for fuch Crop or Crops, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Lands on which fuch Crop or Crops is or are growing (hall be allotted, and alfo what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money (hall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Oc* cupieror Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Act, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of fuch Lands or Grounds allotted for the Profit and Advantage which fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands and Grounds (hall be allotted will obtain thereby, as for any Lofs or Uifadvantage which any fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, (hall or may fufiain by the Lofs of any Crop or Crops in or on any of the Lands and Grou .ds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Aft ; and if fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion (hall not be made at the Time and in Manner to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners, then, and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners (hall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby authorized and empowered to *>raiit accordingly), caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons required to make fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion as aforefaid, together with the Colts and Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

Ccmmiflion- XXXIII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners (hall ers may fcour and may fcour out and widen, or caufe to be Icoured out and widened, all nakeuitches fuch ancient Streams, Brooks, Ditches and Watercourfes in the faid *c.	Parifh of Thorpe, and alfo (hall and may fee out, order, and direct fuch

new Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Water-Gates, Banks, and Bridges to be made, of fuch Width and Depth, and in fuch Directions and Situations, as the faid Commiflioners (hall think proper, as well in, through, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, as alfo in, through, over, and upon any ancient Inclol'ures, or other Lands and Grounds in the faid Parifh of Tborpc, or anv Part or Parts thereof refpeftively, making fuch . Satisfaftion to the Proprietors of fuch ancient Inciofures, or other Lands and Grounds not hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, for the Damage done thereby, as the faid Commiflioners (hall think reafonable ; and the faid Commiflioners (hall and may and they are hereby direfted in and by their Award to order and direft by whom, and at whofe Expence, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the faid Streams, Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Banks, and Bridges (hall be thereafter

repaired,

io8y

4.70 GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 63.

repaired, cleanfed, icoured, and maintained : Provided always, that no iuch Stream or Brook (hall be diverted or turned without the Confent in Writing of the. Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds from which any fuch Stream or Brook (hall be diverted, or into which any fuch Stream or Brook (hall be turned.

fore the Execution of the /i ward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful to and for

For extin-

the faid Commifiioners and they are hereby authorized at any Time or	°r

Times before the Execution of the faid Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the faidParilh Comr.onbe-Cliurch afThorpe, to order and direct ail or any Part of the Rights ofv.om-mon in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and indoled, or any Part thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended for and during fuch Time or Times as (hall be txprefled in fuch Writing ; and that all fuch Rights of Common as the laid Commiffioners (hall by fuch Writing order and dired to be extinguiffied, or the Exercife of which they (hall fo order and dired to be fufpended as aforefaid, (hall from the Time mentioned in fuch Writing affixed on the faid Church Door, ceafe, determine, and be extinguiffied, or the Exercife thereof (hall be fufpended accordingly ; any Law, Ufage, or Cultom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons power to fell hath or have fold, or contraded or agreed to fell, or (hall at any Time tlie before the Execution'of the faid Award, fell or conrrad or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Intrreft, or Property in, over, or upon the faid Lands or Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhali and may be lawful to and for the fa d Commiffioners and they are hereby authorifed and required to make the Allotment or Allotmenis of Lands unto the Vendee or Purchafer in every fuch Sale, Contrad, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Affigns, for or in refped of fuch Right,

Intereft, and Property fo fold, contraded, or agreed to be fold as aforefaid, and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, and his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns, lhall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the lame Manner to all Intents and Purpofes, as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contrad, or A reement might, could, or ought to have held ;.nd enjoyed the fame in cale fuch Sale, Contrad, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Right, Intereft, or Property had been veiled in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded. That all the Lands and Grounds Alotmenr* which fhali be allotted by virtue of this Ad, to any Perfon or Perfons be of .ths tor or in refped of any MtfTuages, Cottages. Lands or Grounds, a, th: Land* Holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in for which refped of any Le.TeboU Melluages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in ^lotted" relped of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Intereft, appen-d ‘tit or appurtenant to any Iuch Copyhold or Leafchold Premi es, fhali, born and after the Execution of the (aid Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leafchold refped ively, and lhall be held as fuch by and under jhe fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Pines, Cuftoms, and Services

as

*

ic88

Exchanges may be made

E*p?nces *f Exchange* how to be paid.

Wills and Settlement* nor to b» affected.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 63.

as the Copyhold or Leafehold Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements refpeGively, for or in refpect whereof fuch Allotments fhail be made, are now, or immediately before the Execution of the faid Award (hall be holden refpeftivcly.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to let out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoevtr within the faid Parifh of Thorpe in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifh, or within any adjoining Parifh, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place, provided, that all fuch Exchanges be afeer-tained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and be made with the Confent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being feifed of or entitled in Poflef. fion to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which (hall be fo exchanged, or to the aftual Receipt of the Rents, Iffues, and Profits thereof, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, /hall be His Majefty and His SuccefTors, or other Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or a Body or Bodies Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, ora Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, cr for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhail be refpeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who fhail be beyond the Seas, or other-wife difabled to aft for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made, fhail be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange (hall be made of the Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefi-aftical Benefice, without the Confent teflified as aforefaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, fhail lie or be fituate.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That the Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Aft and the faid recited Aft or either of them contained, fhail be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhail order and direft.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in thi. Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Per-fon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affefting any of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Aft, or any Part thereof; but that each and every Proprietor

1089

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2. Cap.63.

prietor Ihall Hand and be feifed of the feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforefaid, to fuch and the fame U(es,and for fuch and-the fame Eftates, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame With, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof fuch Proprietor was feifed or pofieifed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners, or for which or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fltall be made would have been fubjeft to be charged with or affefted by in cafe this Adi had not been made.

XL, And be it further enafted, That all the Cods, Charges, and f^pencei Exper.ces of exonerating from Tythes the feveral Meffuages, Lands, Te- ' e' "t-nements, and Hereditaments within the Parilh of Thorpe aforefaid, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Aft, and of furveying, meafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premifes to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, and for preparing, copying, inrolling, and depofiting the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and all the Charges and Expences of themfelves, their Clerks, Affidants, and Servants, and all other necedary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiffioners in and about the Premifes, either before or after the Execution of the faid Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiffioners, and alfo the Expences of inclofing and fencing round the Allotments to be fet out in lieu of all Tythes as aforefaid, and all other Expences of carrying this Aft and the faid recited Aft into Execution, Ihall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments Ihall be made by virtue of this Aft, (lave and except the faid John Leigh Bennett and his Succeflbr.% Impropriate Reftors of the faid Reftory of Thorpe for the Time being, in refpeft of any Allotment which Ihall be made to them in refpeftof the faid Impropriate Reftory, and alfo faveand except the faid John Leigh Bennett and his Succeffors for the Time being, Vicars as aforefaid, in refpeft of the Allotments hereby intended to be made to them as Vicars as aforefaid) which faid Cods, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Paymen: thereof, fhall be fettled and adjufted by the faid Commiffioners, and Ihall be paid at fuch Time and Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiffioners Ihall appoint, either before or after the Execution of their faid Award.

XLI. And whereas feme of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Powertobor-Grounds within the faid Parilh of Thorpe may have Occafion to borrow ro'v Money Money to defray their refpeftive Shares of the Colts, Charges, and Ex- c" ‘ peaces of obtaining and carrying this Aft into Execution ; be it therefore further enafted, That it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the Hufbands,

Guardians, Truflees, Committees, or Attorniesof any of the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or of any other Lands and Grounds, old Inclofures, and ether Frermfes within the faid Farilh of Lborpe being under Coverture, Miners, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Difablity, and to and for any of the faid Owners or Pro-tier. G? Pcr.] "	'lift	prietors

logo

How tochr»r2e Expencesupun Copyhold.

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. Cap.63.

prictors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, or Tenants by the Courtefy of England, or otherwife intereffed in fuch Lands and Grounds (Hive and except the faid John Leigh Bennett and his Succefibrs, Redlors and Vicars as aforefaid), to charge any Allotment or Allotments to be made to them refpeftively by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, or other their refpeftive Lands and Grounds, old Inciofures and other Premifes within the faid Pari lit of 1'horpc, with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the laid Commiffoners fhall by their Award, or by Writing under their Hands either before or after the Execution of fuch Award, adjudge neceffary, to pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending tiio obtaining of this Aft, and of carrying the fame into Execution, and of charging fuch Lands and Grounds as aforefaid, fo that the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be charged fhall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Acre of fuch Lands and Grounds, and to grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe, or demife, or otherwife fubjeft the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to be charged, to fuch Perfon or Perfons who lhall advance and lend the fame refpeftively, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, for any Term or Number of Years ; or in cafe any Perfon in Poffeflion, who fhall or may be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforefaid, or enabled by this Aft to charge fuch Lands and Grounds with the fame, fhall choofe to advance, pay, and difeharge fuch Smn or Sums of Money, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attefted by Two or more credible Wicneffes, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe or demife, or otherwile ful jeft fuch Lands and Grounds to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively paying or difeharging fuch Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiflrators, and Afligns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and tor the Payment of luch Sum and Sums of Money fo advanced, p2id, and difeharged by him, her, or them, with lawful Intereft for the fame, to commence on the Terminatioa of his, her, or their Right in the Premifes, fo that every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Leafe or Demife, be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or with an exprefs Truft to be furrendered or re-afiignedwhen fuch Sum orSums of Money thereby to befecured fhall be fully paid and latisfied, and alio with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Intereft, fo that no Perfon or Perfons after-wards becoming pofi'effed or entitled to any fuch Lands and Grounds, fhall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Intereft than for Twelve Calendar Months pre-ceeding the Time when the Tide to fuch Poffeflion fhall have commenced, and that every fuch Charge, Grant, Mortgage,’ Surrender, Leafe, or Demife, (hail be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purpofes thereby intended.

7Tf.II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That when and fo often as it may be neceffary to charge any Mt flit ages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, which (hall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares cf fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences as lad aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Copyhold Premifes (hall be furrendered totheUfeof the Petfon or Perfons who (hali advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns, according to the Cuflom

or

47° G E O RGII III. Seff.2. Cap.63.	1091

or Cuftoms of the Manor or Manors whereof the fame fhall be holden, by Way of Mortgage for ferurin; fuch Sum or Sums of Money and I a ter eft, inftead of being mortgaged and furrende ed to fuch Perfon or Perfons, his, hrr, or their Executors, Adrriniftra'ois, or Afligns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the laid recited Aft.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon orPerfons whom- Money ad-foever fhall advance and pay any Money in Difcharge of the Fees or other Ekpences of obtaining and executing this Aft, the Money fo paid Yir.e tit' and advanced (hall be repa.d and fatisfied to him, her, or them, by the Direction of the faid Commiflioners, together with lawful Ir.tereft for the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That once at lead in every Year cram-iT-on-during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the '[’inf inr(.re° paffing thereof), the faiJ Commifliontrs fhall and they are hereby required t-o juiiices to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Monev by OnteaVear. them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Ex-pences in the Execution of this Aft ; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by them laid before any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid Connty of Surrey, not interefted in the faid Divifion and Allotment, to be by them examined and balanced ; and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the Commiflioners ; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftices.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That One Copy of the Award by the Enrolment faid recited Aft directed to be made by the faid Commiflioners, and fuch a;>>l Cepufa of Map or Plan of the faid Parifh of Thorpe as lhall be annexed thereto, after Awwd‘ being figned by the faid Co nmiffioners, fhall be depofued and kept in the Pariih Church of Thorpe aforefaid.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall Appeal to think himfep, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- Quarter stf. fuance of this Aft or of the faid recited Aft (other than and except fuch Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners as are red. by the faid recited Aft or this Aft directed to he final or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes wherein anlfiue at Law fhail be tried as herein-before mentioned),ft.and in every fuch Cafe he, fhev or they may appeal to the Quarter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be holden for the County of Surrey, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall havearifen, on giving to the faid Commiflioners, and to the Party or Patties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices, not interefted in the Premifes, in their General Ouarer Seflions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order and award fuch Cofts and Damages as to them in their Difcretion fhall feern reafonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts and Damages which fhall be fo awarded, by Diilrefs-and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if . ny) to the Owner cr Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels

after

1093

Rsfervation of Manerial ■Rigiit!.

Gfn:r*l

Saving.

Public!; Act.

47® GEORGII III. SelT. 2. Cap. 63.

after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant and Dillrels j and the Determination of the laid Juilices fhali be final and conciufive to all Parties concerned, and lliail not be removed by Certiorari, or any other WritorProcefs whatever, into any orplis Majelty’s Courts of Record at Wejlrninjicr, or elfewhere ; and in cafe fufll Appeal fhali appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices (hall award fuch Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difaction fhali feein reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained fhali extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice, leffcn, or defeat the Right and Title of the faid John Leigb Bennett as Lord of the faid Manor of Thorpe, or the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor for the Time being, of, in, or to any Seignories, Royalties, or other Material Rights incident or belonging thereto (other than and except the Right to the Soil and Inheritance of the faidOpen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paflures, Lammas Lands, and Wafte Grounds for which a Compenfation is herein-before directed to be made),but that the faid John Leigh Bennett, or the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor for the Time being, and ail Per-fons claiming by, from, under, or in Truft for him, her, or them, fhali .and may from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, and enjoy all Rents, Heriots, Forfeitures, Services, Fines, Courts, Perquifites, and Profits of Courts, and other .Royalties, Jurifdiftions, and Privileges to the faid Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appurtenant, and all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries within or under the faid Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftures, Lammas Lands, and Wafte Grounds (except the Right to the Soil and Inheritance of the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds;, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as he, /lie, or they, might or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe this Aft had noi been made.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succefi'ors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succefi'ors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Rights, Title, and Intereft, (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, and extinguished) as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.	'ter

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhali be printed by the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhali be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, juftices, and other*.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St a ah an, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT. 2.

Cap. 64;

An A£t for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of U' heft on and 'Tideftwell, and in the Manor of Tidef-well, in the County of Derby. [ 1 ft Anguft 1807.]

WHFREAS there are within the Townfhips of Wkejlo* and TdefwclL ar.tl in the Manor ol Tidefutell, within the Parilh of Tdejitell, in the County of Derby, ieveral Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Indofures, Wsftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed Land', containing by Eftirration Four theufand Acres or thereabouts : A'd whereas the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Duchy of Lattatficr, is entitled to certain Chief Rints, Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other Rents, payable w thin the (aid Townfhips, Manor, and Parilh : And whereas the mo ft Noble William Duke of Devonjhire is Lord of the Man r of Tide/, til aforelaid : And whereas the laid William I)cke of Devonjhire, Elizabeth Charlton Widow, W.lliam Needham, Sa-tnuel White, J'jhn Rimminglon, Bernard Jehu Wake, Wi liam Longfdtn, El* quires-, and Ieveral other Perlons, arc itlptciivtly Owners and Proprietors of or otherwife inre eftetl in the Lid 0pm and Common Fields, Meins Indofures, Waftcs, Moors, Commons, anrl ether unitdoled Linds : And whereas an Ad was pnffed in the Foity-S it Year of the Re gn of His prefent Majelty King George the Third, ini tuied, /In Aid for conjolidatir.g in tne Ad certain Provifions uj'naliy ir/erted in Aits of Inc tolar e, and for facilitating the Mode cf proving the feveral Facts nfually requires on the pr/Jing of fucb Acts :	And	whereas	it	would	be	lor the Advantage of the laid

Owners and Proprietors, and other Perlons inter cited as afore Lid, if the Lid Open and Common Fields, Mefne Indofures, Wafies, Moors, Common', and other unindofed Lands, were divided and inc ol'ed, an.i Ipe-[Ltr. is P,r.]	12 X	cih'c

1094

Comwiftion*

tit.

TJ;np*?e.

Appointment Of nrw LoJfk-mWHoneis and Umpire*

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2, Cap. 64.

cific Allotments made to the feveral Owner', Proprietors, and Pirfons in-tererted therein, according to their relpedtive Properties, Rights, and In-terefts : But l’uch Divifion, Ailotment,ii,and laclolure, cannot be made without thet Authority ot Parliament: May it thei efore pleafe your Ma-jetty that it may be enabled, and be it enabled by the King’s mott Ex-c Pent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Pari ament allrmbl -d, and by the Authority of the famc,That the Lid Open and Co n-mon Fields,IVIelne Inclofures, Wattes, Moors, Commons,and other unin-cljl'etl Lands,(halt be divided, allotted, and inclofed in Manner herein-after mentioned ; and that James Dozvland, of Cuckn y, in the County of No ting ham. Gentleman, and John Nuttall, >)t Matlock, in the laid County ot D rby, Gentleman, anil their Succeff >rs, to be elcbtcd and ap. pointed in Manner her. in- fter mentioned, ll.all be and they are hereby appointed Conuniffiiners tor the Purpofei afoliefaid; and foi carrying this and the laid r< eked Art into Execution, fubjcbl to t^ie Rules, Ordeis, and Directions contained in the laid recited Abl, except in Cafes where the lame ate hereby varied or a.tered.

II.	And be it further enabled, That William Gaunt’ey the Elder, of Bakevjcl':, in the faid County pf Derby, Gentleman, and his Succrfibr for the Time being, to be app intid as herein-afeer mentioned,(hall be and he is hereby appointed to ad as an Umpire, touching any Difference of Opinion which lhall ar.fe between the faid Commiffioners in the Execution cf this Ad ; and that all fuch Difference of Opinion (if any lh,.ll arife) lhall be (taped in Writing, and referred by the laid Commiffioners to the faic William G.mniley, within Twenty-one Days next after any fuch Difference fhali have arifen, who lhall determine the fame, and deliver to the faid Commiflioners, or one cf them, fuch his Determination in Writing, (the Name of the faid Umpire being thereto figned) within Three Calendar Months from the Time any fmh Difference lhall be referred to him ; and the Judgment and Determination of the faid William Gauntley therein, in all Cafes fo referred to him, lhall be deemed and taken to be the Judgment and Determination of the laid Commiffioners ; and they the faid Commiffioners lhall and are hereby required to conform thereto, and fuch Determination lhall be inrolled and recorded with, and in the fame Manner as the other Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners under this Adf.

III.	And be it further enabled, T hat if the Lid "James Dcw/and, or any Other Commiffioner to he appointed in his S ead as hcrein-after mentioned, lhall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby verted in him, dir, refufr, or become incapabic of aclmg in the Piemifes, then nrd in eveiy luch Cafe and fo olten it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Di ke of Devonjhire, his Heirs or Af-fign°, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Elands, within Thirty Days next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to act, Ih.ill be made known to him or them by Notice in Writing from the furvivipg or remaining Commiffioner, which Notice fuch Commiffioner is hereby 1 quired to give, to appoint one other Commiffioner (not interfiled in the laid Inclofurr) in the Stead of the faid 'James Dotvland. cr luch other Commiffioner fo dying, rt f. fing, or bee, ming incapable ot aiding as afordaid ; and if the laid John Nuttall, or any othe> Commiffioner to be appointed in bis S.eid, as hcrcin-afttfr men; oned, lhall, bef rc the Execu-

47* GEORGII III. ScIT.2. CdpX*.

tion of all tt.c Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in him, die, refufe, or become incapable of afting in the Premifcs, then and in ev*ry fuch Cafe it ihalland mav be lawful to and fora Majority in Value (to be afcertaine.i by t’.e Land l ax AifiiTment) of the Proprietors or Perfons inter :fted in the Paid Cpen and Common Fields Mefne lnclolures, Wattes, Moor, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, ar,d in doled, or their known Agents or Atomies, or Perfons to be appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under their refpeftive Hands (except and exclufive of the Lid William Duke of Dtvotijkirt, his Heirs or Aifians) who (hall be prefent at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Porpofe by the lurviving or remaining Commiifioner, within Thirty Days next after fuch laft mentioned Death, Re/ufal, or Incapacity to aft as aforefaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the !e: ft (ha!l be given in Writing bv him, to be affixed on one of the moil publick outer Doors of the Parith Church of Tidefweil aforefaid, and alf;> by Advertiiement to be inferted in the Newfpaper called The Derby Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Derby, to appoint one other Commiifioner (no: interefted in the faid Inclofure) in the Stead of the faid John Nuttall, or fuch other Commiifioner to be appointed in his Stead fo dying, refuling, or becoming incapable of afting as laft aforefaid ; and in cale die faid fViiiiam Duke of Devcnjhire, his Heirs or Afligns, or the faid Parties laft aforefaid (as the Cafe may be) (hall at any Time make Default in appointing any fuch new Commiifioner, within Thirty Days next after the Death of any Commiifioner, or his Kefuful or Incapacity to aft (hall be made known as aforefaid, and of which luch Notice fhell have been given refpeftively as aforefaid, then the furviving or remaining Commiifioner (hall and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, fcy Writing undm his Hand, within 1 hirty Days next alter the Expiration of the faid Thirty Days allowed to the refpeftive Parties for naming fuch new Ci mmiflioner as aforelaid, to appoint one other Commiifioner (not interefted in the faid Inclofuie) in the Koom of any fuch Cmmif-lioner fod- ing, refufing. or becoming incapable to aft as af.rcfaid ; and if the faid IVilliam Gauntliy, or any Umpire to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, (hall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in him, die, refufe, or become incapable of aAing in the Prcmifes, then and in every fuch Cafe one o her Perfon, as Umpire (cot interefted in the laid Inclofure) (hall be appointed in the Ste-.dof the faid William Gauntley, or luch other Umpire fo dying, refufing, cr becoming incapable of afting as aforefaid, by a Majrrity in Value (to be afeertained by the Land Tax AiLffment) of the Proprietors cr Perlc-ns interefted in the faid Open and Common Fields, Mefne In-tlcfures, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and other ui inclofed Lands hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and indofed, including the Lid William Duke of Devcrjhire, his Heirs or Afligns, or their known Agents or At-loinies or Perlons to be appointed for that Purpofe by Writing under their refpeftive Hands, who (hall be prefect at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Porpofe by the laid Commiflioriers, wiihin 1 hirty Days next after fuch laft-mentiored De»tlr, Refufal, or Incapacity to aft es aforefaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lead fltall be given in Writing, to be affixed on one of the meft publick outer Doors c f the Pariih Church of Tidefueell aforefaid, and alfo by Advertifement to be inferted in the (aid Newlpaper called The Derby Mercury, or in fume other New (paper circulated in the faid County of Derby ; and every Appointment

1095

ro:6

Umpire to take an J4th.

Allowance fo C

er-. ami Umpires.

Notice «‘f Meeting*.

Other Notices N»w >o be given

KrVfd%

B id es anl other C*>n• Mi?iicie* t > be made ami repaired as ('onmii'licn-erv flnll app ini*

47'GEORGII III. Sefl*.2. Cap.64.

pomtment of a Commiffioner or Umpire, in purfuanceof this Aft, (hall br reduced into Wiiting, ant) figned by the Per Ion or Perfons making the lame ; and every new Cummifluner or Umpire to be appointed as alore-fair4, fh .11 have the like Powers and Authorities as if he had been named a Cummifiioner or Umpire in this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaft.-d, That no Pcrfon (hall be capable of afting as an Umpire in the Execution of this Aft, until he (hall have taken and iVbfcribcd the Oath or Affirmation (fubflituring in fuch Oath the Word Umpire fur the Word Commiffioner) direfted to be taken by Commiffioners tor Inclolurts in and by the before recited Aft, which O.-.th or Affirmation either of the faid Commiffioners is hereby empowered and required toadminifter ; and the faid Oath or Affirmation f.itobe taken and fubfcribed by fuch Umpire, and all'o the Appointment of every new Umpire or Commiffioner fhall be annexed to and intolled with the Award of the laid Commiffioriers.

V.	And be it further enafted. That each of the faid Commitfioners and Umpire fhall be allowed and paid by the laid Proprietors the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for every Day which he ffiall attend 3nd be employed at any Meeting or Meetings, or tn going to or returning from thence, or otherwife howfoever, in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them, which faid Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings fhall be inclufivc of all Expenccs whatfoerer incurred by going to, or returning from, or attending at any fuch Meeting or Meetings.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Comm ffioners /hall, and they are hereby required to caufe publick Notice to be given, by Wiiting under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the molt publick outer Doors of the Pari/h Church of Tidrfwellaforefaid, and alto by Adveriifemeut to be interred in the faid Newfpaper called Toe Derby Mercury, or in fume other Newfpaper pubiiffied or ciiculated in the faid County of Derby, of the Time and Place of the Fiill and every other Attendancefor the Execution of this Aft, Seven Days at the leaft before any fuch Attend-ince fhall be held. Attendance by Adjournment, which it fhall be Lwful for the faid Commitfioners, or either of them, to make, only excepted ; and that all Meetings of the f«id Commitfioners Hull be held within Eight Miles of the font Paaih of Tidcjivell.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all other Notices necelfary or requifite to be made or given by the !aid Comm limners, fhall be made and given by Writing to be affixed upon one of the mull publick outer Duo s of the Did Pariffi Church of TideJweU aforefaid, or by Ad-vrrtifement in the laid Newfpaper, or in fome other Newfpaper pubiiffied or circulated in the laid County of Derby.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Gommiffi rners dial! and they are hereby attthoifcc-d and required, before they proceed to the Allotments herein-after mentioned, to fet out and appoint and direft, or caufe to be made, erefted, and completed, luch pubfek and private Roads and Ways and alfoltich Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Wate*-courfes and other Convenier.cics in, over, and within the faid Open and

0	Common

4.7* GEOR.GII ill. Sctr.2. Cap.h±,	109

Common Fields Mcloe Jaclofures, Wades, Moors, Copra ins, and sin-incloled Lands, inrended in purfuance of this Aci to be divided, al.ctt d, an I incloled; and alfo - in, -over, and within any of the oki lmlilurcs within the Lid Townlhips, Manor, and Pari/h, as th. f.iJ CommiiTiune,rs fhall judge to be r.ecellary or proper; and that.aswi.il all lucti private Roads and Ways, as alio all fuch Bridges, Brnks, Ditches, Drains, Wa-tercourles, and other Convemencies, (hall refpe&ivcly bz, made, erefied, and completed, and at all 1 raics thereafter kept in Repair, in luen Manner, and by fuch Pcrfon or PcrJons, and the Grafs, Herbage, and Soil of fuch private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniences, ihall. appertain and b.-long to fuch P rlon or Peifons, and for fuch Purpofes as the fa;d Commiliioners in and by their faid Award fhJl di ed!;; apJ in the mean Time and until their faid Award Ihall be made a,id executed as the faid Commilfi >ners, in and by any Writing under their Hards, /ball order, direfit, or appoint; and the faid Commiflioncrs Ih.iil and may order and award, iffue and pay fuch Satisfaction and Rccomptnce as they dull think reafonablc to any Owner or Owners of Lands or Hereditaments which may be damaged or deltroyed by making or repairing any luch Roads or Ways, or any fuch Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Waicrcouries, or other Conveniencies as atorefaid.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That it dull and may be lawful for OMRo-uti the laid Comm.(Turners to Hop up, dilcontinue, widen, alter, divert, or ™ejyup,ft°p’ change, any publick Road (not being a Turnpike Road) or any private

Ruatl, Footway, Caufeway, Fence, Gate, Stile, Bridge, Spring, Br >ok,

D tch, Drain, Watercoufe, or other Convenience in, tip in, through, or between any of the faid Open or Common Field.-, Mefne luclofure-, Wades,

Moors, or other uninclofed Lands, or in, upon, through, or between any of the inclofed L,nds, within the la d Townlhips, Manor, and Paiifh ; provided, that no Road, Footway, or other Convenience as aforelatd, in, upon, through, or between any luch incloled Lands, dull be flopped up, diverted, changed, or altered, without the Confirm in Writing of the Owner or Owneis of the inclufed Lands in, upon, through, or between which the lame Ibajl be, anJ the Order of Two Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of Derby (not in.ereiled in the Repair of fuch Hoads) and which Order ihall be fuoject to an Appeal.rg the Qo rur Stdions for the faid County of Derby, in like Manner as if the fame had been originally made by fuch Juitices : Provided always, that the Grafs Herbage, and Grafs mi* Soil of any Road, Way, or other Convenience, which Rull or may be H‘rl«se of flopped up or dilcontinued under or by virtue of this or the faid recited lUpped^p? Acf, Hull appertain and belong, and Ihall be and remain to fuch Pcrion or Perlons, and ror fuch Pu poles as the faid Commiliioners fha.ll m and by their faid Award order, direct, or appoint.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiliioners Ihall and Allotment f

they are hereby required to let out and appoint One or m re Piece or public- w. Pieces of Ground (Part of the Wades Moor.., Commons, and uninclofed	/,

Lands, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and incloled) in fuch convenient Si uation or Situations as they Ihall brink proper, within the

faid Townlhips and Manor, not exceeding Ten. Acres in the whole, to be ufad for the Purposes of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting and burning Lime Stone, and alfo for getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for building or repairing any Houfes or other Buildings, Bridges, Walls, Fences, Drains, Watercourfes, and other Con-[Loc,& Per.]	12 T	veniencies.

iog8

47° GEORG 11 III. SelT.2. Cap..6$;

venifincies, and for rep.iring the Highways 2nd Roads within the.faid Tow'nfhips ami Manor, and for fuch other Ules and Purpofcs for the general Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the laid;Townlhips-and Manor, as the faid Commiffioners fhall"direft; and tint the Herbage g'Owing and renewing, es Well in and upon ihe Land fo to be fet out as-afortl’akl, as a!lo in and upon all an 1 every the prvate Lancs, Roads, and. Ways, within the faid Tovdnfhips and Manor, fhall be veiled in liieb.Peril >n or Perlons, and applied to-fuch Ufes, as the faid Commiflioners fhali in ana by their faid Award direct or appoinr.

TidefWeU fcr	^	funhcr	crafted.	That the faid Commiflioners fhall and

Fair.	they	are hereby required to fee out and appoint One or more Piece or; t

Pi Ces of Ground in fuch convenient Situation or Situations, adjoining or near to the Town of Tidtfwe/l aforcfaid, as they fhall think proper, noc exceeding Six Acres in the Whole, to be from Time to Time uled and. enjoyed for the Purpofeof hoiding the publick Fairs and Markets ot Tide/-well .forefaid : Piovidcd always, that nothing in this Act contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend, to alter, prejudice, vary, diminilh, or deleat the Right and 1 itle of the Lordof the Manor of lidefwell atord'aid, his Heirs or Afligns, to fuch and the like Tolls,'Duties, Cuitoms, and Profits of Fairs and Markets, as he or they are now entitled to or enjoy, or would have been entitled to or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Allotments 10 XU. Ar.d be it further ensfted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and andMhfrPer- they are hereby required to let out, alloc, and appoint unco the King’s fom in lieu of moll Excellent Majelty, His Heirs andSuccrflors, in Right of His Duchy Qua Kents, Qf LanCr)jler, or to any other Perfon or Perlons, fuch Parcel or Parcels of Land out of and from any of the faid W..fles, Moors, Commons, and uriinclofed Lands, hereby Oirefted to be divided, allotted, and inciofed, as'lhrill in the Judgement of the laid Commiflioners be cqu-1 in Valu- to or an Equivalent for all or any Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other dry or unimprovtabie Rents, as are now refpectively due and payable to the laid King’s Msj fly, His Heiis and Succcflbrs, in Right of H's faid Duchy, or to any other Perion or Perfons, out of, from, or in refpeft of the faid Wafles, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, or any Part thereof, or out of, from, or in refpeft of any Meflfuages, Cot* tages, Lands, or Hereditaments, fitu ite, lying, and being within the laid. Towmhips, Manor, and Parifh, which belong to Perfons having Right of Common in and upon the faid Wafles, Moors, Commons, and unin. clofed Lands: Provided neverthelcfs, that the Linds fo to be fet out, allotted., and appointed as a Comp-nfation or Equivalent for any Rents in refpeft of any fuch MdTuagrs, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments as iaft mentioned, fhall be dedu&ed out of or taken.from the fevcral or re-fpeitive Allotments of the Perfon or Perfons who now pay, or fhall or may at the Time of fuch Allotment be liable'to pay fuch refpsdive Rents. T

XIII. And be‘it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners, after having fet out the faid publick and private Roads and Ways, and the (a;d Allotment fur Tidef&cll Fair, and for fuch other publick Ufes and Por-pofes as afotefaid, fhall and they are hereby required to let out and allot unto ar.d for the laid William Duke of Devonftnre, and his Heirs, as Lord of the faid Manor of TidefwJL fo much, and fuch Part and Parts of the then Kefidue of the Waftcs, Moors, Commons, and unincloled Land?,

within

Allotment to the Lord ol the Manor.

leg?

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. CVp. 64.

within the Manor of Tidefwsll aforcfaid, as in the Judi-ernenc cf t' e f ad Cornmifiloners (hail be eqtlal in Value to One foil Eighteenth Fart or Share ot luch Reftdee or the faid Waites, Moois, Commons, and ur i r-clofed Lands, for*and in lietrof, and as a full Recompense and Sitisfai-tion for his Right to the Soil of the faid Wades, Moors, Commons, and llninclofed Lands,' and for h;s Content to the faid Inclofure. »

^XIV. And be it further enafted. That the faid Comm fli nets fhali A! ’■««"» cf ami they are hereby required to let' out and, allot the Rriidue of the fil'd * ^utoi,. Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Inclolaieis, Wafte-, Moors, Commons, and unthclofed Larfcls, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and fhclofed, unto, between, and amongft the feveral Peri ns, who at the Tifre of making fuch D;vifton, Allottlwnt, and Inciolure, fliali be entitled thereto or interefled (herein, in Proportion to then fever <d and re-(pedltve Shares, Eftates, Rights, Proper lies, and Intercfts; anj in making the feveral Allotments to be tr ade under arid by vr tuc of this Aft, xftE faid Commiflioners iliall and they are hereby required to have due Regard to Situation and Convenience, as' well as to the Quantity and Qtlhlity of the Land to be aiiotted, lo as that the -Aiiptmen: or Allotments of each Pefon be laid'as near together, and as qp-.tiguom to th«.:r feveral Dwelling and Farm Houles and Eftates, as conveniently .y bi,

Cttnfift nily wit > the general Convenience Of the Parties intertfted in the faid Divifion, -Allotment, and Inclofure: Provided always, that it llrall romTiffion-' be lawful for the laid Comnnflicners, at any Time be:ore executing their :\A?,V,’‘itU,n final Award, to make any fuch Alterations in the Allotments, or in the t i<Lf-Fences, which they may have fit out and ordered, or in ary of the Cid,gs ri->not their inti Drrtftions relating thereto, which they- may have made in pu.iuunce n 1 ‘ X>f',,rhis or’’the I.id rccired Adf, a* they may thir.k right and expedient;

"arid in cafe anv Perfon or P.rfons be injured by fuch Alterations, on account 'of anv Expencrs he or they may have been at, or other wife, the ’laid Commiflioners fhall a I certain and determine what Rccompeecc ihall bd mav.e to hi'm, hef, or them for fuch Injury* and fnall order ana direct by Whom and in what Manner'fuch Recomptnce ill all be marie.

•' 5V. And be it further efiirted. That wherever it fltail happen that ceitainirt-rfore Proprietors than one haveiLancf in the lame Cloie or Parcel or the c'ofe-i Lands rfrrie.'it inclofcd Lands', within the" faid Townfhips and Manor, or either ^ br any of them, it'fhall be lawful fo*r ti:e faid Commiflioners, »na-thev Fields. •’iteVrereby author zed and required in every fuch Cffe, at the Rcqueftof 'the Putti -s mcerefled therein, to be fignified by Writing under tlv. ir reflective Hands,' to divide, allot, ind award tvery fuch Ciofc or Parcel of p-e ent incloifed Land, in the fiiffie Way and Manner as tf the lame V " P.rt tf the Open and Common Fields hereby <1.reeled to be divided,

‘‘allotted, and inclofcd.

“b "J-	i~>	...	.	j i ,,	.	.

XV!. And be it ‘urther er.rfted, That the Lid C rtvmiflioners fhall and Al'otmsnts they are hereby authorized to jflign, fet out, and allot unto any Perfon or «>■»» br maJe P' :,j - s woo or may be entitled t any Fee Farm Rents* Chief Rents. ci-leVcr*' Qm" Rentv, or other rv and unimptovcable Rents 01 Payments wnatlo- o tin Hears, et-otn 'or out 'f any Mclluages, Cottages, -L^nd , T ntmeits, or H red tan ert's belonging* *o any of the ‘aid Ow ners or Proprietors, or Perfon intertfted as afoiefaid, and t ntitled to anv Allotment .r Allotments under hud by virtue of this Act; fuch Portion or Portions .if tjhe

Allotment

-747° GEORGI! III. -Seff. 2. Gap.64.

Allotment or Allotments of fiich Owners or Proprietors, or Perfons in* terefted as aforefaid, as in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners (hall be equ valent in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any luch Kents or Payments, and in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the fame.

«iVhmeTe°f -^11. And be it further enaCted, That all and every the Lands and unites thole Hereditaments which fhall be allotted by virtue of this or the (aid recited i«hi'hthef	holden,	and	fhall	be	deemed	and taken under and lubject

m-'y be atilt- fuch and the like Tenure, Kents, Fines, Cuftoms, Hcriots, and Sere terl*	vices,	as	the Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refpeCt of which

fuch Allotments fhall be made, and that the fevverai Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be allotted in light or in refpedf of Freehold Lands or Hereditaments fhall be deemed Freehold, and fhall be holden as fuch, under the fame Rents and by the lame Services as the Freehold Lands 'and Hereditaments in right or in refpe&of which they fhall be fo allotted; ■and that the feveral Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be allotted in right or in refpeft of Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands or Hereditaments, within or holden of the faid Manor of Tidcfwell, fhall be deemed Copy, hold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments, and fhall be holden as luch by Copy of Court Roll at the Will of the Lord, according to the Cuftum of the faid Manor of Tidtfwell, by, under, and lubjeft to fuch and the like Tenure, Rents, Fines, Cuftoms, Heriots, and Services, and fhall pals by fuch and the like Surrenders, Admittances, or other ACts, Deeds, or Inftruments, and by and under fuch and the like Rules and Orders of Defcent or otherwife, as the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refpeCt of which they (hall be fo allotted, and that the Quantities in Acres, Roods, and Perches of fuch Copyhold and Cuftomary Allotments, with their refpeftive Boundaries and Abbuttals (where the fame can be afeertained) fhall be by the faid Commiflioners in their faid Award let forth and deferibed ; and that ail and every Perfon and Peifons to whom any fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Allotment fhall be made, fhall, within Six Calendar Months from the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants of the fame refpeftivcly, according to the Cuflom of the faid Manor, without paying any Fine on fuch Admiflion, or any other Charge that) the Stamp Duties and Parchment, and the accuftomed Charges and Fees of the Steward of the Court; but in cafe any Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch lafl mentioned Lands or Hereditaments fhall be fo allotted, fhall die without Admiflion within-the faid Six Calendar Months, then the Cuftomary Fine or Fines, Heriots, and other Payments, fhall be due and payable on the Admiflion of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Lands and Hereditaments ; and after every fuch Firft Admiflion, the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments fo to be allotted, (hall at all Times thereafter be holden under and fubjeft to the fame Tenure, Fines, Duties, Heriots, and other Payments, as the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in right or in refpeft of which they fhall be fo allotted.,

InerMch- XVIII. And be it further enatttd, That all Encroachments which (hall ntem*. appear to the faid Commiflioners to have been made ar any Time within Thirty Years previoufly to the Firft Day of "January One thoufand eight hundred and feven, upon the faid Waftes, Moors, Commons, and unin-clofed Lands, fhall be deemed Part thereof, and fhall be divided and allotted accordingly ; and in cafe any Difpucc or Difference fhall arife touch.

8	>ng

2001

47° GE0RGI1 III. Seff.2. Cap. 64.

ing any fuch Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, (uch Diipute ffull be fettled by the laid Commiffioners ; and all fuch Encroachments as mail be deemed Parts of the faid Waites, Moors, Commons, and unindoled Lands, in cafe the fame fhall be allotted to the refpeClive Parties who may have improved the fame, or to the faid I'/itliam Duke of DcvonJbir:% his Heirs ot Affigns, lliall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and w.chouc confidering the Improvements made thereupon in building or otherwile ; but if fuch Encroachments lliall be allotted to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in loch Cafe the Perfon or Perfons who fhall receive the fame, lliall piy and allow to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lliall or may have improved the fame, fuch Compenfation or Satisfaction, and in luch Manner as the faid Commiffioners (hall think reafonable, and by Writing under their Hands, or in and by their fatd Award, order and direct.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCled, That if any Perfon or Perfons imerefted therein fhall be diffacisfied with the Determination of the ^tii'thc'Dc-laid ComtnilTioners or Umpire, made in purfuance of the Directions or termination.f the faid recited A£t of the Fotty-firll Year of the Reign of His prefer.:

Mujclty, refpeCting the Boundaries of the faid Townlli'ps, Man r, or refpeft 10 Panth, and of any Parilh, Manor, Townlhip, Hamlec, or DillriCt ad-joining thereto, and fhall be defirous of having the Biundaries affcCted b-.t-r. mined by fuch Determination tried at Law, and fhall by themfelves or their re- £y1J'rij*at fpeftive Agents or Attornies, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire (hall have been made and publifhed by them, give Notice in Writing to the laid Comtn.f-lioners of tuch his, her, or their Objection to the faid Buuncaiies fo determined by the faid Commiffioners or Umpite, and ol fuch Defire to have the fame Boundaries fettled by Trial at Law, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required, immediately on Receipt of fuch Notice as aforeiaid, or as loon afterwards as conveniently can be, to give Notice to One or more of the Party or Parties interefted therein, who (hall infill upon the Boundaries fo determined by the faid Commiffioneri or Umpire, or to his, her, or their refpeClive Agenis or Attornies, by Writing under their refpeClive Hands, to be delivered to or left at the ufual Place cf Abode cf fuch Party or Parties,

Agents or Attornies refpeClively} and it fnall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons giving luch Notice to the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, or his or their Heirs, Succeffors, cr Affigns, after the Expiration ol Three Calendar Months from the Time of fuch Notice being given to the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, to proceed to Trial at Law for the afeertaining of fuch Boundaries fo objected to as aforefaid, at the next Affizes to oe holden for the County of Derby, in an Action or ACtions for that Purpofe, to be commenced in One of His Majcfty’s Courts at We/i-irimjler, by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice to the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, their refpeClive Heirs, Succeffors, or Affigns, againft any fuch Perfon or Perfons interelled therein, who fhall infill cn the Boundaries fo determined by the faid Commiffioners or Umpire as aforefaid ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or ACtions, fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more lffue or IlTues, whereby all fuch Boundaries may be properly tried and determined (fuch lffue or Iffues, if the Parties differ abour the fame, to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Courr wherein luch Action or ACtions ffiall be commenced); and the Jury [Loc. & Per.)	12 Z	or

2002

Com mi (Toners t. determine difputtd Claims;

but not to determine Titles.

Commiffion-ers may award Cods.

Allowing Par., ties to try their Rights by an ItTue at Law.

47° GEORG 11 III. Self. 2. Cap. 64.

or Juries who (hall try fuch Iffue or Iffues, fhall find the true Boundary or Boundaries of all or any of fuch Townfhips, Manors, Panfries, Hamlets, or Diltricts fo in Difpute, and the fame (hull, under the Direftion of the Judge who (hall try the faid lfl'ue or Kibes, be indorfed fpeciiHy bn the Poftta, in cafe the fame (hall be thought neceffary for ascertaining fuch Boundaries •, and the Verdift or Verdifts which fhall be given in any fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be final and concltffWe to every Perfon and Perlons, B idy and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomfoevtr, unlefsthe Court wherein fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be brought, fhall let afidethe Verdift or Verdicts to to be given as afortfaid, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had (which it fhall be awful for the Court to do, and alfo upon fufficient Caule fhcwn to put off the Trial of fuch Iffue, as is tifual in other Cafes) ; and after any Verdift or Verdifts fhall have been obtained and not fet afide by the Court as aforefaid, the hid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to conform to fuch Verdift or Verdidfs, any Thing in the faid Adi or in this Adt contained to the contrary notwithllanding; provided that the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adlion, fhall be by the faid Commiflioners reimburfed all the Cells, Charges, and Expences which he or they dial! reafonably pay, expend, or be put unto in the Defence of fuch Adlion or Adlions, by and out of the Money to be railed for carrying this Adt into Execution.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difference or Difpute fhall arife with or betwten any Perfor. or Perfons interelied in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, touching their reiptdlive Shares, Proportions, Rights, Interefls, Claims, or Demands, the faid Commiflioners or Umpire fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame; provided, that nothing herein contained fhall authorize the faid Commiflioners or Umpire to determine any Difference or Difpute touching the Tide of any Perfon or Perlons in or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objeftions, Difference or Difpute, which fhall be brought before them, under and by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft, fhall fee Caufe to award any Cods or Charges to any of the Parties concerned therein, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, afiefs, and award fuch Cofls and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Umpire fhall be made, by any Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objeftions, fhall or may by fuch Determination be difallowed or over-ruled, and fuch Cofls and Charges lhall and may be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as the Ex-ptnees of parting and executing this Aft, are direfted and authorized to lie recovered.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, fhall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil, or of any Right of Common, or other

2	Right

200J

47° GE0RGI1 III. Seff.2. Cap.64.

Right or Iiuereft in, over, or upon, or in refpect of ti;e faid Open anu Common Fields, Mefne Inclolures, Walks, Moors, Commons, and other inclofed Lands, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divilion, Allotment, and Inclofure, it fhall and may be lawlul for the Pcrfon or Perfons io diffatis-fied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter determined by the laid Commifiioners or Umpire, at the Firft or Second Aflizes then next fol-lowing to be holden for the Lid County of Derby ; and for that Purpule the Pcrfon or Perfons who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commilfinners or Umpire as aforefaid, fhall caufe an Action to be brought on a feigned Iffue againft the Pcrfon or Pcrlons in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the laid Comnvflionrrs or Umpire ; and tht Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Aftiors lbull, and he, fire, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornics, who fhail appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon or in Dilpute, may be tried and determined (Inch Iffue or Iffues, in cafe the Parties fhall differ abouc the lame, to be fettled by the proptr Officer of the Court in which fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be commenced); and the Verdift or Verdifts which fhall be given in fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whemfoever, unltfs the Court wherein fuch Aftion or Actions fhall be brought (hall fet afide fuch Verdift or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, (which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, and alfo upon fufficient Caufe (hewn to put off the Trial of fuch Iffue, as is ufual in other Cafes) ; and thatafeer fuch Verdict or Verdicts fhall be obtained and not fet afide by the Courr, the faid Commifiioners (hall and they are hereby required to aft in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials, and the Verdift or Verdicts to be given thereon as aforefaid : Provided always, Detcrmir.n-that the Determination of the faid Commifiioners or Umpite, touching tionofCom-any fuch Claim or Claims as aforefaid, or touching or concerning any ™’n^rs" be other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and In- find, -f not clol'ure which fhall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or toandmedf Parties objecting fhall not in refpeft thereof duly caufe fuch Aftion at Law to be brought aad proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon ail Parties.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any of the Parties in any irraitiesdie Aftion to be brought in purluanceof this or the faid recited Aft, fhall die t tcTalTrc' pending the fame, fuch Action fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall "10‘ ‘J

be proceeded in as if fuch Event had not happened.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Suitor Suits fhall be suite to be commenced cr profecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Per- commenced fon or Perfons to any Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements in the Lid Town- "°e: jiYiYure lhips, Manor, and Parifh, fuch Suit or Suits fhall not impede, delay, or

hinder tbe faid Commifiioners from proceeding in the Execenon of the Powers veiled in them by the faid recited Aft and this Aft ; but the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure (hall be proceeded in notwithftanding fuch Suit or Suits, and the Allotment or Allotments to which fuch Suit

or

2ce>4

Spring* may b« diverted.

Comniiffion-ers may d reft the Courfe of Hufbandiy.

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 64.

or Suits (hall relate, may be had and taken by the Perfon. or Perfon', who, upon the Determination of fuch Suit or Suns, fhall become entitled to the fame,

XXV.	And be it further enafled. That the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby empowered to direct and order all or any of the Warereourfes or Springs of Water in the faid Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Inclofures, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and other unincloled Lands, or any Part thereof, to be diverted, turned, or varied, and to be carried and conveyed in fuch Courlcs, and through fuch Lands and Allotments as they fhall in their Dilcretion t!vnk proper •, provided that fuch Water-courfes or Springs of Water flrall not be diverted, turned, or varied, wuhout the Corfent in Writing of the Perfon or Per funs who may at the Time be entitled to the Benefit and Ufe thereof, and the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons fiom or into whole Lands or Grounds f.ch Springs or Watercourfes (hall be diverted, turned, or varied, carried through, or conveyed as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enacied. That the laid Comtniflioners fhall, as loon after the pafling of this Act as conveniently may be, by foine Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be publilhed as herein-before directed, order and tfirtfl the Courle of Hufbandry that fhall be tiled in, over, and.upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Adt to be in-doled, until the Time when they fhall have made and completed the Lid intended Divifion and Allotments, as well with refpeetto the laying down, ploughing, lowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, aid alio to the cutting of Turf, Peat, Furze, Thom', or Bufhes, getting or digging of Peat or Stone, cutcing of Wood, or doing any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Act to be inclofed, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon the moft publick outer Door of the Church of fidefwell aforefaid, upon fome Sunday immediately preceding Divine Service, fhall and may make fuch Orders and Regulations, touching the Conduct of Farmers and Tenants within the faid Townfhips, Manor, and Parilh, for preventing them from committing Walle or Deftrudtion upon any of the faid Lands and Grounds in the faid Town-lhips. Manor, and Parilh, in the mean Time and until the Allotments or Divisions thereof fhall be effected, as to them fhall feem expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the faid Commiffioners (hall be binding and conclufive upon all Parties interefled therein, their Farmers and Tenants, and that the faid Commiffioners fhall fet and impofe fuch pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, on eveiy Perfon not conforming to fuch Orders and Regulations, as they fhall think neceffary ; which Penalties and Forfeitures fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and for fuch Ufcs and Purpofcs, as the faid Commiffioners fhall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their Award herein-after mentioned direct or appoint; and the fame fhall be recovered and recoverable in a fummary Way before any One Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Derby, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to fummon the Party accufed, and to examine any Witnefs or Witneffes (upon Oath to be adminiftered by him) and to proceed to Judgement and Conviction, ns in Cafes of a fimilar Nature ; and if any fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall be adjudged to have

2005

47°GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.64.

been incurred, then it (hall be lawful for any lucli Juftice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Penalties to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, together with reafonable Cofts, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

XXVII.	And be it further enatfled, That the Allotment or Allotments to be fet out and allotted to the Vicar of Tidefwell aforefaid and his Suc-ceflors, or to any other Perfon or Perfons, for or in refpeft of any Glebe Lands or Hereditaments within the faid Townlhips, Manor, or Parifh, fhall be inclofed and Ring fenced, and fenced againft any publick Carriage Roads that may be laid through the fame, in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall direft, (except on fuch Parts and Sides thereof as the faid CommifTionefs (hall order and direft to be fenced by any of the Proprietors whofe Allotments (hall adjoin thereto) by and at the Expence of the other Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments wichin the faid Town(hips, Manor, and Parifh, in Proportion to their refpetflive Rights and Property in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and fuch Fences lhall for ever, after the making thereof, be maintained and kept in Repair by the faid Vicar and his Succelfors, for the Time being, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Cofts, Charges, and Ex-pences of obtaining and palling this Adi, of preparing and executing the Award, of fetting out the faid Allotments for publick Ul'es as aforefaid, and all other Charges and Expences whatfoever incurred for or by realon of the faid intended Divilion, Allotment, and Inclofure of the faid Open and Common Fields, Meihe IncIofure3, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, or in carrying this and the faid recited Adt into Execution, (hall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made by virtue of this Adi (lave and except the Vicar of Tidefwell aforefaid, or any other Perfon or Perfons for or in refpedt of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them for or in right of any Glebe Lands to which he or they fhall or may be entitled within the faid Townfhips, Manor, and Parifh, or any of them), which faid Cofts, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof, to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, (hall be fettled and adjufted by the faid Commiflioners, and lhall be paid at fuch Time and Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiflioners (hall appoint.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful For the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required, in cafe they (hall be re-quefted fo to do by any Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other Perfon being in Poficfiion of, but not having theabfolute Eftate or Intereft in any Mef-fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Townfhips, Manor, or Parifh (fuch Requeft being in Writing under the Hand or Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid) to fell fo much of the re-fpedtive Allotment or Allotments to be made to fuch Perfon or Perfons, in relpcdl of fuch Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as (hall in the Judgement of the (aid Commiflioners be equal in Value to the refptdlive Proportions of any Part of the Expences of the obtaining and

[Lee. £s? Per.]	13 A	carrying

Vicar's Allotment to be Ring fenced.

Expences of the An to b:

borne by the Perfons in* tcreltea.

Lands to be ded ufted from Allotments to Tenants for Life to pay Expences.

2006

47" GE O RG11 III. Sell. 2. Cap.64.

carrying this and the faid recited Act into Execution, which fuch Perfon or Perfons may be charged with, and the Expences of fencing, ditching, inclofing, and putting into a proper State for letting the Allotment or Allotments of fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid ; and the faid Commif-fioners fhall aflign, allot, and award the faid Lands to be fold, to any Pur-chafer or Porchafers thereof, upon Payment of the Value of fuch Allotment or Allotments by him or them to the faid Conunifiioners, who fhall applv the fame in or to the Paymenc of fuch Expences, and in fencing, dirching, inclofing, and putting into a proper State for letting the faid Allotment or Allotments refptftively : Piovided always, that if there (hall be any Overplus of the Money arifing by fuch Sale, the fame (hall be applied in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, with refpeft to Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange cf any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

Leifes at r. ck XXX. And be it further enafted, That all and every Leafe and Leafes, [° bC or other Agreements at Rack Rent fubfifting, of all or any Part or Paris of any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the laid Townfhips, Manor, and Parifn, for any Term or Number of Years un-expired, (hall, immediately upon fuch Allotments being made, or fo foon after as the faid Commifii mers (hall by their faid Award direct, ceafe, determine, and be void, in rtfpeft of the laid Open and Common Fields, Mcfne lnclofures, VYaftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands, the refpeftive Owners anu Pioprietors of the faid Meffuages, Lands, 1 ene-ments, or Hereditaments fo in LeTe as aforefaid, making fuch Satisfaction to fuch Lefifle or Leflees, Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Coinmiflioners fhall direft or appoint, for or in relpeft ol fuch Leafe or Leafe-s, or o'her Agreements, or as an Equivalent for the fame : Provided always, that if there fhall be any Leafe of Lands, Part of which (hull lie in the laid Manor of 'Tidefwell, anil Part in any adjoining Manor orTownfhtp, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent now fubfifting may be vacated ; but where fuch Land (hall have been taken in Exchange, the whole ot which » Land fhall b>- under Leafe, and fituate in an adjoining Manor or Townftup, Not to extend ihe Leafe of fuch laft mentioned Land fhall not be vacated: Provided al-whereaFine ways, that nothing herein contained fhall extend to make void any Lt„fe has been paid, or Leafes of the prefenc inclofcd Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Parc or Paris of the Lands or Grounds by this Aft direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, upon the making or Renewal whereof any Fine or Fines hath or have been paid.

Abatement to XXXI. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where an Allot-Leffee'i'for menc or Allotments of any Patt of the faid Open and Common Fields, ■LoisotR-ghts. Mefne Ir.clofures, Waftes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofed Lands, (ball be made for and in refpeft of the Rights and lnterefts belonging to any Pedon or Perfons for or in refpeft of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Townfhips, Manor, or Parilh, which aie held by any Tenants or Occupiers for a Term of Years, by virtue of any Leafe or Agreement thereof made; and if fuch Tenants or Occupiers do not or (hall not come to an Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Allotments (hall be made, for the Ufe, Occupation, and Enjoyment thereof, fuch Tenants or Occupiers (hall not be entitled to enter upon,

occupy,

200 7

47° GEORG 11 III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 64.

occupy, or hold the faid Allotment or Allotments, but fhall neverthelefs have and receive from the relpeftive Owners or Proprietors thereof, fuch an Abatement from the yearly Rent or Rents refervedand made payable in and by fuch Leafe or Leafes, Agreement or Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come therein, as the faid Commiflioners (hall adjudge to be a reafonabie Compenfation for the Lofs which he or they lhall fuftain thereby.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful Exchanges to and for the faid Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, m y e m3 e' Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfotver, within the faid Pariih of Tidef-well, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever, within the faid Parifh, or within any adjoining Pariih, Hamlet, Tcwnfhip, or Place ; provided, that all fuch Exchanges be ascertained, fpec.lied, and declared in the Award of the laid Commif-fioners, and be made with the Confenc of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo fxenanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Li e, or in Fee Tati General or Special, or by the Couriefy of England, or tor Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Con-fent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes,

Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges lhall be refpeftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or ocherwile dtfabled to aft tor chemfelves, himfelf, or herlelf, fuch Confent to be certified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties con-fenting refpeftively j and all and every fuch Exchange or Exchanges fo to be made fhall be good, valid, and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange fhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclcfiaftical Benefice, without the Confent, teflified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, fhall lie or be fituate : Provided always, that the Cofls, Charges, Exp.nctsof and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Exchange* Partitions, under the Powers and Authorities in this Aft and the laid re-	■>

cited Aft, or either of them contained, fhall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners lhall order and direft.

XXXin. And be it further enafted, That all and every Tenant and Tenants to Occupier, under any Leafe or Agreement for any Term of Years, of any u^dex' of the old Inclofures within the faid Townlhips, Manor, and Pariih, which Lands, lhall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, fhall, immediately after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, or within fuch further Time as the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing fhall be given for that Purpofe, give up and refign the full and peaceable PoflVflion of fuch exchanged Lands to the Perfon or Perfons to

2008

470 GEORGII III. Bell* 2. Cap. 64.

or with whom the fame fhall be refpe&ively exchanged, fuch refpeftive Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the faid refpeftive Owners and Proprietors of fuch exchanged Lands, fuch Satisfaction as the faid Commit iioners {hall afeertain, order, direft, or appoint to be paid to fuch Tenant or Tenants refpeftively on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the

I.ofs or Loffes he, {he, or they {hall refpeftively luftain thereby; and if the Money fo to be afeertained as aforefaid, (hall not be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, within Three Calendar Months after Demand made thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby required to raife and levy the fame, for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be raifed or recovered.

Proprietors XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful men/ tdo’T* ^or any Perfon or Perfons who {hall be entitled to any Allotment or Aliot-rhe Execution ments under or by virtue of this Aft, in Fee Simple, to give, grant, bar. of the Award, gain, fell, siemife, mortgage, limit, devife, convey, afTure, and difpole of Right ofcom- thc f*me> or all or any Part of his, her, or their Eftate and Intereft therein men, epaiate or Right thereto, at r.ny Time before the Execution of the faid Award of other Proper- f*ie ^ Commiffioners; and every fuch Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, De-ty. ‘ mife. Mortgage, Limitation, Aflurance, Devife, Conveyance, and Dif.

pofition thereof, {hall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the faid Award; and alfo that it (hall and may he law. ful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Wade, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands hereby diredtecl to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, to fell and difpole of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made or let cut in relpcft thereof, by virtue of this Aft, feparate and diftinft from the Eftate in right of which he or (he is entitled to fuch Allotment or Allotments, in fuch Manner as he or (he might have done at any Time after the Execution of the laid Award ; and ic (hall be’ lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every luch Allotment Or Allotments which (hall be fo fold and difpofed of, or be made and fet out in lieu of any Common Right fo fold or difpofed of, to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any fuch Sale or Difpofition.

Mortgages XXXV. And be it further enafted. That all and every Perfon and Per. may neat'- fons t0 whom any Grant, Mortgage, Leafe, or Demife fhall be made by virtue of this or the faid recited Aft, as a Security for any Sum or Sums by him, her, or them lent and advanced on the Credit of and for the Pur. pofes mentioned in this or the faid recited Aft, or who (hall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, fhall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Surrender or Surrenders, Writing or Writings under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Prefence of and artefted by Two or more credible Wimefies, affign and transfer the fame Securiiy or Securities, or the Principal Money and Intereft thereby fecured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Eftate, Right, Title, or Intereft, and Term of Years then to come and unexpired, of, in, and to the fame, unto any Perfon or Perfons whotnfo-ever, who may again in like Manner affign the fame, and fo toties quo ties; and fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Affignee or Affignees, his, her, er 1	w	their

nog

47° GEORGII III. Sc/r.2. Cap.6^.

their Executors or Adminiflrators, and all Perfons claiming under him, them, or any of them, fhall and may ufe, take, and purftie ai! fuch lawful Methods, Courles, and Expedients in Law or Equity for recovering or obtaining Poff-flionof the Piemifes fo mortgaged, demited, or afligned as aforefaid, in cafe of Non-payment of the Principal Money and Imereft thereby fecured, or any Part thereof, as is or are, or can or may be ufed, taken, and purfutd in Cafes of Money due upon Moitgage in geneial.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it funher enafled, That all Money charged upon Copyhold Lands, fh.ill be fecured by Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments thereof, in the Court of the Lord of the laid M.nor ot Tide/well, according to the Cuftom of the faid Manor; and on Inch Moitgage or Mortgages, or Afiignments thereof, the cufbimary Fine fhall be oaid to the Lord ot the faid Mano% with all the culfomary Court Charges ufually paid to the Steward on fuch Occafions.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafled. That all and every Sale and Sales made by any Perfon or Perfons in purfuance of this or the Lid recited Adi, of any Allotment or Allotments, where the fame fhall be in refpedl of Cop. h.>ld Property, fhall be made by the cuflomary Surrender and Ad-miffion in the Court of the Lord of the fa:d M. nor of Tidefowll, on which the cuflomary Fine fhall be paid to the Lord of the faid Manor, and alfo the ulual Court Charges and Fees to the Steward thereof, on luch Occafiun fhall be pai i.

XXXMII. Provided always, and be it further enafled. That nothing herein eonrained fhall extend, or be conflrucd, deemed, adjudged, cr taken to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any SettLme.it, D ed, or Will, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perf ms having or claimng any J in-tu'e, Dowe/, Portion, Kent, Service, Morigage, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or afhfting any c.f the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed as aforefa d, or any Lands, ! enements, or Hereditament which fhall be exc anged o- divided by virtue of ih;s Afl or the (aid recited Aft, or any Part or Parcel thereof refpedivtly ; but that the lever a I Lands, Tenements, and Hered taments fo to be . fligned, aboittd, exchanged, or divided as aforefaid, fhall, immediately after m king fuch Allotments, Exchanges, Par itions, or Divifions relpeciively, bt, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed ; and the feveral Perfons to whom the lame (hall be alligned and aloned, or given in estrange, fhall from thenceforth Hand and be frifed and poflefied thereof reipcc-tiVrly, to luch and the lame Ufes, and to and for fuch and the fame Eftaits, and with and under fuch and the fame Powers and Authoriues, amt furjeft to the iame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Pro-vifiuns, Remainders, Reverfions, Mortgages, Debts, Chi.ges. and Incumbrances, as the fever 1 MefTuages, Lands, Grounds, and Common Rights in Leu or in relpect whereof fuch Ailo rnents and Ex,hanges Ih.ill be made, now ft.md limited or liable to, or would have been liable to in cale this Ait had not Oeen made.

XXXIX.	Ard be it further enafled. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall advance any Sum or Sums of Mon.-y for defrayng ti c Expeices' of obtaining an.i palling thi- Afl, or of carrying ihe fame and (he faid recited Act into Execution, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be repaid the fame, [Lffr. & Per.]	*3	B	with

Mortgages of Copyings to he made in the Lord’* Cjuit.

Sa’es lobe in the Lord*! Court.

No Secernent, will, Sfc. fu be altered.

Money a>!-^anced to i>« repaid wnh Interest.

I no

Awar«l to l e deposited

Comvniflion-ers Accounts to re Ltd nc-f^re On Juf tice or more Once every Year.

Proprietors to pay their own Expences.

Peribns aggrieved i nay appeal to tl;e Quar ter Sef-lions.

4.70 GEORG1I III. Sell*. 2. Cap. 64..

with Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the firft M mies that fliall be rsifed or received by the laid CommilTioncrs, by virtue of this Ad, for defraying fuch Exp;rn.es.

XL. And be it further ena£Ld, That the Award ro be made by the faid Comniiflioners, when inrolled in Manner dire&ed by the faid recited Ad, fhali be depofued and kept in the Cheft belonging to the Parilh Church ofA'idcfwell, where the other Writings belonging to (he lairl Parilh are ufually kept, in order that all PeYons intercfted in the lain Inclofure may have Recourfe thereto at all feafonable Times.

XLI. And be it further enacted, Thar Once at leaft in each and every Year during the Execution of this Ad, (fuch Y< ar to be computed from th Day of the palling theicof) the faid C >mm flioners 111.11 and they are hereby required to make a true and jolt Statement or Account of all hums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution oJ this and the faid tecited Ad ; and fuch Sta’ement or Account when fo made, together with the Vou< hers relating thereto, (hall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of Derby, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fhali be by fuch Juflice or Juftices ftated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Oikce of the Clerk to the laid Commiffione s ; and no Charge 01 I em in luch Accounts fliall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unlcfs the fame fliall have been duly allowed by fuch Jultice or Juftices.

XLIk And be it further enaded. That the Lid Proprietors fliall pay their own Expences, when they attend the laid Commillioners at any of their Meetings to be holden for putting this Ad into Execution.

XLIII. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall thii k himfelf, herfelf, or thcmfelves aggrieved by anv Thing done in pur-fuance of this and the faid recited Ad (pther {han and except fuch Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-bri'ore direded or authorized to be alcertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdict ot a Jury, or where by any of the Provifionsof the faid recited Ad or ot this Ad, the Dcerminations of the faid Comniiflioners are direfled to be final and con-clu 1v ) then and in every fuch Cafe he, the, or they may appeal to the General Quarters ffions of the Peace which fhali be holden for the faid County of Derby, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Comniiflioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of tile Matter thereof; and the Juftices (ttoc interefted in the Prctmfes) in their faid General Quarter Stiltons, are hereby requited to hear and determine the Matter ot every fuch Appeal, and to make luch Order, and award fuch Coils and Damages, as to them in their Dilcretion (hall feem reaPmable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colts and Damages which fhali be fo a warded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (,if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels after deducting the realbnable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale 5 and the Determination of the laid Juftices fliall be final and condulive to ail Parties

concerned

47° GEO'RGII III.	Seff.2l	£^.^4,

I c. V It’ "■'I ■	.

concerned, .ind fhail not be removed by. Cir iorati, ,pr any; other Writ; cr Pro'refs wnatfoever, into any of Hni «foi- fty’s £<;tjits of Kpcqrfi atJV{Jl-minjiir or tlfewhtre; but in cafe fuch Appeal dialliappear to the Lid Juf-tiers to be frivolous, vexatious, or \yithout Fuundatioi), then theffiid Jnl-tices diall award fu h Cods to be p id by the Appellant grlAjpgej^agfHj as to them in their Difcretion lhall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforelaid.	.	...	j • r \ *

.1 i diprr r'nnLXs ' l,',i ' nnS.sdi.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it furrher enacted, ,T;<ut nothing, in tfri- A-cr contained’ lhall bar, prejudice, leflen, of deb-ait the Kijjhts.JFjttes, and Inrcrrfts which the faid William Duke of Devotijhire, or any of his Ma-j !i v*s Suhj-ds now have and enjoy, or (hall or may hereafter claim to . i-vr and eniovr-Atf -digging- lorT^4e»fohin^- woiicmj;, and carryin^m Mi r o’L-a iOre, and taking and enjgving fuch. trad.Ore, ju^

'a*ft <du of all the LidCbmmdnf,. Mbdr's*, atid Vif^e Gtounjls with... — f-’.d Pom. nlbtps,1'Manor, and P^rlfb, irttfhde:d1-ib1Aecdi^fdtrd',1 Allotted, and im I fed as aforefaid ; but that all and every His Mijtftv’s Subj-Cts lhall fr m henceforth for ever hereafter have and enjoy fuch Rights ot Mining f< • l.e :d Ore, and ule and exercife fuch Liberties and Privileges in relpnd thereof h and throughout a'l and every Part of the laid Opea and Common bn Ids, M fne Inclnfures, W.ftes, Moors, Commons, and uninclofed Lands, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofrd a af tefaid, in as amp t- and - xtmfive a Manner as they have hitherto ot Right enjoyed and txncifrd Jne fame, making Satisfaction for any D images that lhall be done thereby ; ay Thine herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife r.otwithftandi'g: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall pr judice, I; (Ten, nt defeat the Right, Title, or Intend of the faid William Duke or D von/hire, his Heirs or Afilgns, Lord 01 Lords of the faid Manor ot Tid fiveil, ot, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belong eg vo th- faid Manor ; but that fuch Lord or Loros for the Time being dull and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy ail Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifites and Profits of Cou ts, Bpds and Quarries of Limedone, W ifs, F.ftnys, and ah o her Royalries, Jurifd'dions, P e-eminences, and Privileges whatfoever, io the faid Manor medrnt, appendant, be-origing, or appertaining (other than and except the Kight to the Soil of the Lid Wades, Moou, Commons, and uninclofed Land-,, for which a Compenfation is hereby befo e dinded to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame might or could have been held and enjoyed in cafe this Act had not been made.

XLV. Saving always to the King’s rood Excellent Maiefly, His Heirs and Snrci (firs, and to all and every other Perfon or Pefrfons, Body or Bodies P.aitick, Cuiporate, or Collegiate, his, htr, and their Heirs, Suc-ceffors. Executors, and Adminidramrs refpedively (other than and except the feverai Perfons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compenfatio • (hail be made or provided by virtue of this Ad, in relped ot the lntertd or Property for which fuch Allomi nc or Allotments, or Compentanon (hall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffirs, Executors, Adsr.iniflrators, and Afligns, and except luch other Rights and Intereds as the Intents and Pur-pole of the Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure hereby authorized, (hail 5	abfolucely

II II

Rights of Mining refer ved.

Saving Rights to the Lord of the Manor.

Genera' Saving of Rights.

111 2

47* GEORGII III. Seff.s. Cap. 64.

abfolutely require to be barred, deftroyed, or extinguifhed by virtue of this Adi) all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, and Interells, as they, every, or any ofthem had’or enjoyed of, in,to, or outof the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed- to be divided, allotted, and incloferi, before the paffing of this Ad, or could, might, or Ought to have' held or enjoyed in cafe this Adi had not been made.

Publick Ait. XLVI. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof fo printed, (hall be admitted as Evidenca thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.	'	V

OMIT“ ‘ “J' iA- V . '

' • . .

r	ssgjggg 111	■■■!'.■	’j’..'.I	_.j_

LONDON: Printed by Georgs Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1807.

,;i-	:	,	:]	'	' .[.(/I t\ !	iMts	lie	3	b	•(.	;	■	-: •	:

- ; ’

. Iiffil r.	b 'P ■	i	r(Wt	Jfov'*	>	L.*TB	Shi	hn	,v

■ Kit © I

rW . ;t 4ll

ejtriiT i i mo.1 , -.jcrrrl	•>	/n<4

'•SfJH , 'ti -vr	J	\>	■	-

of lit.;' s Is A) If i> ' w

o’) r > i Mttt net- set a	s

brant fljscf v a tarts

*' n .1 - rrr.v n .... ».

v .j> ) I \z .rx. tn * 'left. ■toaPr. .. t

>’’~i I 10 YiB'ofj D .to.)ib4 rstb'.fl' v*t" - V ■;

» fefc tit tavtri w ■**, no	*m**»»K>

. r onfifiJr, t-	H pan 4mohA i> jji-h'xjc rsn,nm*. »

W" . x liii >.1*tans -er t iM.'.	:: rtr-'!.'.

V-v.'! 0	Si:	'to I. 1.1	.	" ' •

• 'j ;i,	,	/	.	j	^Sj-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

• *C*4**!H^*C*^*t4HM«*H»******»****»********t**«** ******

Cap. 65.

An A 61 for incloftng Lands in the Manor and Townftftp

of Bramham, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.	[ift	Augujl	1807.J

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Townlhip of Bramham in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork, certain Common Town Fields, containing together by Eftimation Six hundred and eighty Acres or thereabouts ; and certain Commons or Waftes containing together Six hundred and fifty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas. Sir Thomas Gafcoigne Baronet is Lord of the Manor of Bramham aforefaid, and entitled to the Soil of all the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, .and to all the Royalties belonging to the faid Manor (fubjeft to a Claim made by the Right Houourable Charles Lord Headley, to the Soil of a certain Parcel of Wafte Ground called the Open Rakes, containing by Eftimation Fifty Acres or thereabouts): And whereas the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne, Charles Lord Headley, James Fox Efquire, Eleanor Eamonfon Widow, the Reverend Robert Bowtias Clerk, and feveral other Perfons are Owners and Proprietors of Mef* fuages and Cottages, or Scites of Meffuages and Cottages, Lands and Grounds within the faid Manor and Townlhip, and entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, and to Right of Average in the faid Fields; and the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne is all'o en-tided to and hath heretofore enjoyed Right of Coney Warren upon the [Lee. & Per.]	13 C	faid

Lord of tha Manor.

Proprietor!.

iii4

Afl 41 Gio.3.

Incopveni* tact a.

'‘’ommif-

fiuhtrs.

Umpire to be appointed.

$1*

470 G EGRGII III. Setf. 2. Cap. 65.

faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or upon fomePart or Parts thereof; And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Forty-firft Yea? of the Reign of His prei’ent Maiefty, intituled. An Aft for confolldating in One Aft certain Prtyvifions ttfuallf inferted in Afts of Inclofurc, and for facilitating the Mode of pro ving the feveral Facts ufually required on the puffing offuch Afts: And whereas the Funds and Grounds of the faid Proprietors 'within the faid Common Fields lie intermixed and difperfed in (mail Parcels, and in their prdent State are incapable of any confiderable Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to all Perfons interefted in the faid Open Fields, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, and alfo of public Utility if the faid Open Fields, Commons, and Wafte Grounds were divided and inclofed, and lpecitic Allotments made to the feveral Proprietors according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts therein; but as the fame cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore, pleaje Your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, a”d Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Open Fields, Commons, and Wafte Grounds Ihall be divided, allotted, and inclofed, by William Sbipton of Green Hammerton in the faid County of York Gertleman, and John Hall of Scarbrough in the faid County Gentleman, or their Succeilbrs, to be elcfted in Maimer hereinafter mentioned, who are hereby appointed CommifTioners for carrying the feveral Purpofes of the laid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution, fubject 10 the Regulations of the faid recited Aft, except in fuch Cafes where the fame are hereby varied or altered.

•	|	'	•	.*	t	•	;

II.	And, for the Purpofe. of fettling and determining any Difference or Difpute that may arife between the faid Comrpiftioners, touching or concer ning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done ami performed in piirfuance of the faid recited Aft, or of this Aft ; be it further enafted, That the laid. Conuniflioners fhall and they are hereby /tquired, immediately after their taking and fuofqlibing the Oath or Affirmation, by the faid recited Aft direfted to be by them taken and, fujpfcribcd, by Writing under their Hand;;, to'choole, uopnnate, and appoint tome other proper and fkilful Perfon (not interfiled Duke faiiflantl and grounds) who fhall be willing and confcnt to aft as an Umpire ; and lych Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear’ and dftei'mfne.mj fuch Diiier* ence or Difpute as may arife between the faid C'onqniifioi'.ers, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the laid ITviiion and Indoipp ; and the Judgment and Detennitpiion of the faid Umpire, So op'ly as impiedj-ately relates to the Matter In Difpute, Ihall be deemed and ,con£dered to be the Judgment and Determination of the faid Commiftioners, and fhall be final and concluftve upon the faid Coimniflioners, and upon all other Perfons concerned in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, l’o far as the Afts of tte faid Commilnoners are by the faid recited Aft or this Aft made Anal ami conclufive: Provided always, that in ,cafe the Perfon fo nominated and appointed by the faid Commiflioners as Umpire, fhall die or refuse to aft, or become incapable of afting in the Execution of the faid. recited.Aft or of this Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it ihall be lawful for cue. faid Com-ftuffioners to nominate and appoint One other Perfon as Umpire in the "S®5'-1 i	*'	'	"Room

HIS

47° GEORGII III. 3dl. 2. Cap. 65.

Rqoui and Stead of the Perl'on fo dying, rcfuflng to ad, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the laid recited Ad and of this Ad, and fo from dime to Time as often as atty Perfon fo nominated or appointed an Umpire {hall die, or refufc to ad, or become incapable of ad-ing in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and of dtis Ad; and in cafe any fnch Umpire fnail negled to lettle and determine any fitch Difference or Dii'pute within Thirty Days after the fame {hall have been referred to him by the faid Cornmiilioners, fnch Negled {hall be deemed and taken to be a Refuial to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Perfon ffiall	t0

be capable of a&ing in the Execution of this Ad as Umpire, until he (hall tun uefbre have taken and fubferibed the Oath following, (that is to fay),	l,e at"lfc

*	T A. B. do fwear, (or, being one of the People called Shakers, do

*	I folemnly affirm,) That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly,

*	according to the fcdt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the ‘ Power and Authority repofed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an Ad ‘ paffed in the Forty-feventh Tear of the Reign of King George the Third,

‘ intituled. An AH for inclcfing Lands in the .Manor and Tovtn/hip of

*	Bramham, in the Weft Riding of ti:e County of York, according to Equity

*	and good Confcience, and without Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or ‘ Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever,

‘ So help me GOD.^

Which Oath or Affirmation it (hall be lawful for either of the faid Comniiflioners to adminifter, (who is hereby required to admini ter the fame) ; and fuch Oath or Affirmation when fo taken or fubferibed by fuch Umpire, ihall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the faid Comniiflioners.

.it u ,	•	lili	i*	1a	,ii I ii • ,*m r! .k. • | t	-

IV.	And be it further enaded. That if the faid William Sbipttn ffiall Appointment die, or ffiall negled or refufe to ad, or become incapable of ading as a Commiflioner, then it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or

Lords oi the laid Manor for the Time being, by Writing under his or their. tfond or Hands, or the Hand or Hands of his or their Agent or Agents duly authorized, to eled and appoint fome fit and proper Perfon not interefted in the faid Inclofure, to be a Commiflioner in the Place of the faid JVilliam Shipton, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Com-tniffioner to be appointed as aforefaid, ffiall die, or refufe or negled to ad in the Execution hereof; and that if the faid 'John Hail ffiall die, or fliail pegled or refufe to. act, or become incapable of acting as a Commiflioner, then it {hail and may be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of or Perlons interefted in the Lands and Grounds direded by this Ad to be divided and inclofed, (except the Lord or Lords of the laid Manor) who ffiall be prefect at any Meeting to be appointed for that Pur pole, within One Month after fuch Death, Refuial, or Incapacity ffiall be made known to the /aid Proprietors or Perfons interefted, t>y Notice from the furvivmg or remaining Commiflioner, to be pufoilffied in the Pariffi Church of Branfhani aforefaid, on fome Sunday immediately after Divine Service, and affixed on the principal Door of the faid Church, w hich Notice fuch l'urviving or remaining Commiflioner or any Three Proprietors of Lands is the faidMancr andTownffiip are hereby authorised to give, and of which

Me.1 fling

1116	47*	GEORGII III. Sefl*. 2. Cap.65.

Meeting Ten Days Notice at the leaft fha.ll be publiihed and affixed in like Manner, and likewife given in the Leeds Intelligencer, or fome other Weekly Newi'paper herein after mentioned, to cleft and appoint fonie fit and proper Perfon, not interefted in the faid IncIoAire, to be a Commif-fioner in the Place of the faid John Hall, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiflioner to be appointed as faft mentioned fhail die or refufe, or neglect to ad in the Execution hereof; and every Commiflioner fo to be appointed as aforefaid, fhail have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Ad into Execution as the Commiflioners by this A ft named and appointed are hereby inverted with, in all Refpeds whatfoever, until the faid Divifion and Allotment of the faid Open Fields, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, and the Powers and Authorities given by this Aft, fhail be completely effefted and carried into Execution.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall, and thev are hereby dirt fted to caufe Notice to be publifhed in the l'arifh Church of Branham aforefaid, on fome Sunday during Divine Service, and by Writing to be affixed on the principal Door of the faid Church j and alio to be publiihed once at leaft in the faid Newfpaper, of the Time and Place of their beg nning to put this Aft in Execution; and alfo fuch other Day or Pays as they fhail appoint for receiving the Claims of any Perfon or Pcrfons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to any Share, Right or Intereft, in the faid Open Fields, or any Average therein, or any Right of Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, fo as that the Place of Attendance to be mentioned in every fuch Notice be within the Parifh of Branham aforefaid, and fo as that every fuch Notice be given Ten Days at leaft before the Fitft Day fo to be appointed; and the faid Commiflioners lhall and may afterwards proceed in the Execution of this Aft, and from Time to Time adjourn to fuch Time and Place within the faid Parifh as they lhall think proper.

O:’ Mouce« \TI. Provided always, and be it enafted. That all other Notices neceflary | be or requifite to be made and given by the faid Commiffioners, fhail be fo made and g ven by Advertil’ement in the faid Leeds Intelligencer, or in fome other New fpaper printed or circulated in the faid Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

j>r.>pn.*tws to VII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Proprietors fhail at all _	Attendances	upon the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, pay

their own Expences, and alfo the Expences of their own feparate Agents or Solicitor.

VIII,	And be it further enafted, That allPerfons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, having or claiming any Lands or Rights of Common, or other Right or Intereft in or upon any of the faid Open Fields, Commons, or Wafte Grounds, (hall, and they are hereby required, by themfelves, or their Agents, to lay all fuch their refpeftive Claims in Writing, under their Lands or the Hands of their Agents, before the faid Commiffioners, upon fuch Day or Days as they fhail in Manner aforefaid appoint for receiving fuch Claims, together with a Defcription of their refpeftive Open field Lands, and alfo of their refpeftive Rights of Common, or 11	o	other

IxpSllCCFl

Cl inrn to be deliver -I f<» the Ci u.iai-

fn •■£»*.

of

Ce>nimiflk>n* ers’Meeungs,

1117

4.70GEORGII III. Se£2.	0^,65.

bther Rights YefpeEtively as aforefaid, and In vefpect of what Meftuage;. C«tt»gel,h-©rd'$du» sthenoif,. Lands*- Tenements, Gr.ints, Privileges, or Prckrjptiena, ihevj claim tiie iaiuc ; and all Beifonsi and Bodies Politick onlCorpdratcv' tpegleeiinjp.ip' to iay, wr.caufoto be Lud, luchibeir Claims * with-fuckTFefcript»ns ufrfhtirr tefpeftivc iuteretts before the faid Com* mifliunefs' as aforefaid, fnaib.be, and. lie,,fhi or they, is and are hereby excludedland,debarred of and from all Right, Title, and Iuteieit, in and to the laid Open'Fields, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, nipectivelyy and from any Part, Share,-Allotment, or Benefit, in lieu thereof, unleis the laid Commilloners -ihalh fee good C.aule to prolong the Time for making inch Claims; and that all Claims fo made as aforefaid, lliall, by the laid CoBimiftioners, be produced, upon Requeft of any of the Proprietors or Palpus- interefted in- the faid Divilion and Inclofure for Examination, w hich faid Proprietors or Pecfons, or their Agents, lliall be allowed to take Copies thereof, if defired, to the Intent that fuch Claims may be known and fairly coniidered; and that all Inch Claims io made *nd delivered as aforei'aid, and which lhall not be objected to within One Month next after the Time fo appointed for the Delivery of-fuch Claims relpedtively, (hall be final and coDclulive, and lhall never afterwards be objected againit, controverted, or difputed ; and that if upon the Day or Days appointed by the faid CominiiHuners for receiving fuch Claims, or within One Month next after fuch Day or Days fo appointed, the Claim of anyPerfon, or Body Politick or Corporate, fo made as aforefaid, lhall be objected to by any otner Perfon, or Body Politick or Corporate, interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure as aforefaid, or by his, her or their Agent, in Writing under his, her, or their Hands, fating forth the Caufe or Reafon of luch Objection ; and if .the Perfon, or Body Politick or Corporate, making l'ucb Claims fo objected -again!! ifi aforefaid, lliall1 periiit in the Claim or Claims fo laid before the laid Commiffionexs as aforefaid, or if any other Dilpute or Difference lhall ariie between any. of the Parties interelled in the faid Divifioa, touching or concerning any Matters or Things by this Act to be done and performed, that then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid "Com-miHioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Examination of Witneffes, upon Oath (which Oath either of the faid Commiilioners is hereby empowered to adminilter) and upon other proper Evidence to hear and determine the fame, and to make i'uch Determination therein, as to them may appear juft : Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained lhall authorize the faid Commiilioners, or the faid Umpire, to determine the I itle to any Msffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments, whatfoever.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons interefted therein lliall be diffatisfied with the Determination of »7;h the nfo the faid Commiilioners, made in purfuance of the Directions of the faid recited Act, refpecting the Boundaries of the faid Townlhip, Manor, or non,,*’with" Parilh, and of any Parilh, Manor, Townlhip, Hamlet, or Diltrict adjoining ,re‘P u thereto, and lliall be delirous of having the Boundaries affected by fuch ^("fan'e'"’y Determination tried at Law, and lhall by themfelves, or their refpegtive h; <v; rmm«d Agents or Attornies, within Two Calendar Months next after the Deter-	31

mination of the faid Commiilioners lliali have been made and publilhed [Lee. £•? Per."]	x	j	D	by

tn&

47° GEORG 11 III. SdT. 2. Cap. 65.

by: them, give Notice in Writing to the faid Commiflioners of fuch hisg her, or their Objection to the faid Boundaries fo determined by the faid Gommiflioners, and of fuch Defire to have the fame Boundaries fettled by Trial at Law, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby required, immediately on Receipt of fuch Notice a * aforefaid, or as foon afterwards as conveniently can be, to give Notice to One or more of the Party or Parties interefted therein, who fha.ll infill upon the Boundaries fo determined by the faid Commiflioners, or to his, her, or their refpedive Agents or Attornies, by Writing under their refpedive Hands, to be delivered to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies refpedively; and it (lull and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice to the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, or his or their Heirs, Succeflbrs, or Afligns, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months trom the Time of fuch Notice being given to the faid Commiflioners as aforefiid, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the afcertaining of fuch Boundaries fo objeded to as aforefaid, at the next Affizes to be holden for the County of York, in an Adion or Adions for that Purpofe to be commenced in one of His Ma-jefty’s Courts at Wcjlminjler, by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice to the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, their refpedive Heirs, Succeflbrs, or Afligns, againft any fuch Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, who (hall infift on the Boundaries fo determined by the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Adions, fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall file Common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Iffue or Iflues, whereby all fuch Boundaries may be properly tried and determined (fuch Iflfue or Iflues, if the Parties differ about the fame, to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch Adion or Adions fhall be commenced); and the Jury or Juries who fhall try fuch Iffue or Iflues, fhall find the true Boundary or Boundaries of all or any of fuch Townfhips, Manors, Parifhes, Hamlets, or Diftrids fo in Difpute, and the fame fhall, under the Diredion of the Judge who fhall try the faid Iflue or Iflues, be indorfed fpecially on the Foften. in cafe the fame fhall be thought neceffary for afcertaining fuch Boundaries; and tne Verdid or Verdids which fhall be given in any fuch Adion or Adions fhall be final and conclufive to every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate whomfoever, unlefs the Court tvherein fuch Adion or Adions fhall be brought fhall fet afide the Verdid or Verdids fo to be given as aforefaid, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had (which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, and alfo upon fufficient Caufe fhewn to put off the Trial of fuch Iffue, as is ufual in. other Cafes) ; and after any Verdid or Verdids lhall have been obtained and not fet afide by the Court as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners fhall7and they are hereby authorized and required to conform to fuch Verdid or Verdids, any Thing in the faid Ad or in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding; provided that the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion, fhail be by the faid Commiflioners reimburfed all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences which he or they {hall reafonabiy pay, expend, or be put unto in the Defence of fuch Adiqn or Adions, by and out of the Money to be raifed for carrying this Ad into Execution.

J. And

47° GEORGII III. SelT.2; Cap.%$.	fifg

X.	And fn regard that the Owners and Occupiers of Mefluages and Cottages, and Scites of MeiTuages and Cottages, within the faid Manor and Right ».> the Townlhip of Burnham, being Common Right Houfes and Scites, claim to Herbage, be entitled-to the foie Herbage of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds in exclufionof the Ownersot Lands; be it further enacted, That in order that the aforcfaid Claim of the faid Owners and Occupiers may be fully fettled and legally'determined, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Owners to make their faid Claim before the faid Commiflioners, who fhall and may and are hereby authorized and directed to make their Determination in Writing againft the faid Claim; w hereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Owners and Occupiers of fuch Common Right Houfes and Scitcs, to have the Matter of the faid Claim fettled and determined, and the fame (hall be tried at Law by one or more Action or Adions, to be commenced in His Majelly’s Court of King’s Bench, by any One or more of the Owners or Occupiers of Common Right MeiTuages and Cottages or Scites refpedively, againft the faid Sir Thatnai Gafcoigne and James Fox, or either of them, upon one or more feigned liiue or Iifues, which Iffue or Ifl'ues fhall be fettled by the proper Officer of the faid Court in cafe the Parties (hould differ about the fame, fuch Action or Adions to be brought or commenced within Three Calendar .vionths next after the Determination of the faid Commiflioners ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Adions fhall appear, and he or they are hereby required to appear to fuch Adion or Adions, accept a Declaration, and plead to Iflue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fb-di thereupon proceed in fuch Adion or Adions refpedively, fo as to have the tame brought to Trial at the Aflizes to be holden for the County of T rk next after Iffue joined in fuch Adion or Adions refpedively; and the Verdid of Verdids to be given in fuch Adion or Adions refpedively, uu' -fs the fame fhall be fet afide by the faid Court and new Trials granted therein, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties, and that fuch Adion or Adions fhall not abate by the Death of any Party or Parties to the fame ; and the faid Court ol King’s Bench is hereby empowered and direded to award the C.ofts of fuch Adion or Adions in like Manner as is ufual in Adions upon the Cafe in other Cafes brought or commenced in that Court; and that all the Coils and Charges that fhall or may be incurred by the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigtie Lord of the faid Manor of Bramham, and James Fox, or either of them, or to which they of either of them may be liabl- for or by reafon or on account of fuch Adion or Adior.s, fhall be bome and paid in fuch Markter as the Expences of the obtaining this Ad and carrying the fame into Execution are herein-after direded to be raffed and paid: Provided always, that in cafe no Owner or Occupier cf Common Right Houfes or Scitcs fhall bring fuch Adion within Three Calen* dar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioners, fo as to have the Matter of fuch Claim determined within the Time and in Manner alorefaid, the faid Commiflioners fhall then proceed to allot the faid Commons and Waftes in fuch Manner and in fuch Shares and Proportions as herein-after is direded ■, but in cafe of fuch Trial at Law as here* in-before direded, a Verdid fhall be found by the Jury eftablifhing a Right in the Owners or Occupiers of Common Right Houfes and Scites to a greater Proportion of the faid Commons or Waftes than the Moiety herein-after mentioned and direded to be allotted and awarded in refped

thereof,

11 20

Power te aSefs Coits.

Allowing Parties lo try their Rights by an Ilfue at Law.

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 6$.

thereof, then the faid CoinmhTioncrs fliall and they are heraby directed td allot and award to the Owners of the faid Mefluages, Cottages, and Scites, fuch further Part and Share of the other Moiety herein-after men*’ tioned of the faid Commons’ and Walles as by fuch Verdi & at Law (half be determined to be the Right of the Owners of the faid Mefluages, Cottages, and Scites as- aforefaid, and in Proportion to the Extent of their Right to the Herbage of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds fo to be divided and inclofed.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners upon the Hearing and. Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Act,, or of any Difpute or Difference between any of the Parties inferefted in the faid Divilion and Inelofure, fliall fee Caufe to award any Colts, it iha.ll be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affei's and award, fuch Colts and Charges as they fliall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour the Determination lhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, fliall be thereby difallowed or overruled ; and in cafe the Perfon or Pet ions who fliall be liable to pay fuch Colts and Charges lhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required and authorized, by W arrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufc fuch Colts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fliall have been fo diltrained and fold, after deducting the Colts and Charges attending fuch Diltrefs and Sale.

XII.	And be it further ena£ted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons in-tereffed or claiming to be intereffed in the faid intended Divilion, Allotment, and Inelofure, lhall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiflioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil, or of any Right of Common, or other Right or Interefl in, over, or upon, or in refpect of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning anv other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclo-fure, it lhall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo difiatis-fied, to proceed to a 't rial at Law of the Matter determined by the laid Commiflioners or Umpire, at the Firlt or Second Alflzes then next lol-iowing to be holden for the faid County of York ; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons who Ihail be diflatisfied with the Determination of the faid Ccmniiflioners or Umpire as aforefaid, fliall caufe an Action to be brought on a feigned Iffuc againlt the Perfon or Perfons in whole Favour fuch Determination fliall have been made, within Three Calendar Mom hi next alter fuch Determination of the laid Commiflioners or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Actions fliall, and he, Ihe, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who fliall appear thereto or file Cemnv n 1 ail, and accept One or more Ilfue

or

11 21

470 GEORG.I I III. SdT.2. Cap. 65.

or IiTues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or li ghts thereby infilled upon or in Difpute, may be tried and determined (Inch iffue or IiTues, in c de the Parties (hall differ about the fame, to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch A ebon or Actions (hall be commenced) ; and the Ver lict or Verdicts which fhall be given in fuch Action or Adams (hall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Per-fpn and Perfons whomsoever, unlefs the Court w ierein luch Action or Actions dull be brought fhall fet afnle fuch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon (which it (hall be lawiul for the Courc to do, and alfo upon lufficient C.aufe (hewn to put off the Trial of luch IiTues as is ufual in othci Cafes); and that after fuch Verdict or Verdicts (hall be obtained and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiilioners (hall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials, and the Verdid or Verdids to be given thereon as aforJaid : Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commif-fioners or Umpire touching any fuch Claim or Claims as aforefaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure which fhall not be objeded to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objeding fhall not in refped thereof duly caufe fuch Adion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaiJ, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any of the Parties in any Adion to be brought in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad, fhall die pending the fame, fuch Action fhall not abate by reafon thereof* but fhall be proceeded in as if fuch Event had not happened.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, to fettle and afeertain what Recompence fhall be paid to the Owners of any Crop growing upon the faid Open Fields at the Time of the Divifion thereof, for the Value of the faid Crop, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Land on which fuch Crop fhall be growing may be allotted, or othervvife that the Owner or Owners of fuch Crop, fhall be at Liberty to colieft, gather, lead, and carry away the fame, within the l ime to be limited by the faid Commiffi ners, without any Mclellation or Hindrance of any Perfon or Perfons to whom the Land on which the Crop fo grow ng fhall be allotted, making fuch Satisfadion for the Standage thereof as the fain Commiffioners fhall order and dired; and alfo to afeertain what Rec .inpence (hall be made for the making of Fallows by fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Fallow Grounds (hall be awarded, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall have made fuch Fallows ; and that from and immediately after the paffing of this Ad the faid Commiffioners fhall order, dired, and appoint, the Courfe of Hufbandry that fhall be tiled in the faid l'everal Open Fields, and the Owners thereof fhall be fubjed and liable to fuch Directions as the faid Commiffioners fhall within fucit T.me appoint, as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, tilling, lowing, or laying down the fame; and fhall and may in and by any Writing or Writings, under the Hands of the faid Commiffioners, fet and irnpofe fuch Penalty on every Perfon not conforming to fuch Orders and Directions as. they fhall think reafonable,

\Lx. ca5 Per. j	13	E	not

Determination com* midiontrs 10 be final, if not duly o to and tried*

If Parti'S die Pi ocredine* not to abate*

Recompence

for Ci ops and Courfe of Hufbandry.

1122

Lenl'-s nt

Ka.k-rcnt

vacated.

The Inclo-furss in the

1* iciJs ro remain a? they Bjw arc.

Commi(Tioi> ers may alter Roads through >n-cient IuCiO* lures.

47° GEORGI1 III. Sett. 2. Cap. 65.

not exceeding Five Pounds for each fuch Offence, to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiflioners* by Hi ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and bale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, upon Demand, and all fuch Orders of the faid Gommiffioneis {hall be binding and conclufive, as well upon all Parties interefted, as upon their Farmers or Tenants.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That all fubfifting Leafes and other

Agreements at Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the faid Lands and Grounds fo intended to be divided and inclofed, fhall immediately after fuch Lands and Grounds refpedlively fhall be fet out or allotted, or as foon after as the faid Commiffioners fhall by their Award direct, ceafe, determine, and be void, (in cafe the Leflors and Leffees do not other-wife agree amongft themfelves) ; and the refpe&ive Owners or Proprietors of the Lands or Grounds comprifed in fuch Leafes or Agreements refpedlively, or any Part or Parts thereof, fhall make fuch Satisfaction to their refpedtive Leffees or Tenants, for any Lofs or Prejudice they may refpedlively fuftain thereby, as the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge or afeertain, by Writing under their Hands, as a reafonable Recompence to be paid to fuch Leffees or Tenants, by Way of Equivalent for their respective Terms therein.	'

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That all and every the Clofes and Inclofed Lands and Grounds whatfoever, which, on or before the Firfl Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fix, were fo inclofed from the faid Common Town f ields, fhall be taken and confidered as Old Inclofure, and fhall be free and clear of and fiom all Manner of Stray and Rights of Common and Average, in, upon, or over the fame, uulefs the refpective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, fhall confent and agree that the fame fhall be deemed and taken by the faid Commiflioners to be Open Field Land, and fhall permit tire fame to be divided and allotted as fuch by virtue and in purfu-ance and according to the Directions of this Adt; and that all Encroachments and Inclofures made from the faid Commons and Waites, within the faid Manor and Townfhip within Twenty Years next before the palling of this Adt, fhall be deemed and confidered as Part of the faid Commons and Waftes, and fhall be allotied by the faid Commiflioners accordingly: But, neverthelefs, the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized to allot the faid Encroachments to the feveral Perfons in the Poffeffion thereof, in Part of their feveral Allotments, fuch Encroachments to be eftimated at their unimproved Value only, without Regard to any Buildings or other Improvements made thereon.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners, that there are or is any public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, in, through, over, or on the Sides of any of the old inclofed Lands or other Lands within the Lid Parifh of Bramham, which may, in the Judgment of the faid

Commiflioners,

1123

47s GEORG 11 III. Sell: 2. Cap. 65.

Commiftioners, be diverteil and turned without Inconvenience to the Public, into any other public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, or be diverted, changed, widened, or turned, ,fo as to make the fame more convenient for the Public, or be flopped up and dellroyed as fuperlluous and unneceffary, it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioneis, (with the Concurrence and Order ot lvvo Juftices of the Peace acting in and for the Weft Riding of the County of Tork, fubjett to Appeal as in this or the faid Ad of the Forty-firft Year of His prelent Majelty is mentioned) in and by their faid Award, to order and dired fuch public Highways or Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, to be diverted, changed, widened, altered, turned, Hopped up, or deftroyed,in fuch Manner as the faid Comthifiioncrs fhall think proper and real'onable; and in cafe fuch Highways br Highway, Bridle Roads or Bridle Road, Footways or Footway, fo to be diverted, changed, widened, turned, flopped up, or dellroyed, do not pals through anv of fuch old inclofed Lands or other Lands, but on the Sides of the fame, to fell and difpofe of the Land and Soil of fuch Roads, firft offering the fame at a fair Valuation to the Perfon or Perfons whole Lands lie contiguous thereto, and apply the Money ariling thereby towards repairing the piiblick Highways within the faid Parilh.

XVIII.	And be it further enacled, That the faid Commiftioners fhall and may, and they are hereby authorized, to fet out, award, and allot fuch Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed as they (hall judge moft fit and proper for Watering Places for Cattle, and for Common Pits for getting Stoiles, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials for repairing the Highways within the faid Townlhip of Bramham, and for fuch other Purpofes as the faid Commiftioners fhall award and direct, not exceeding Five Acres; and that the fame fhall remain for the Ufe of the Inhabitants thereof for the Time being for ever, for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and that the Herbage growing thereon, and alfo the Herbage of the Public Carriage Roads within the faid Townlhip, after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiftioners herein-aiter directed, fhall be and are hereby vefledin the Surveyors of the Highways cf the faid Townlhip of Bramham for the Tim£ being, in Trull to let the fame for the bell Rent or Rents that can be gotten, ftnd to apply fuch Rents in repairing the Public Highways and Roads within the faid Townlhip, they the faid Surveyors accounting with the Inhabitants thereof touching the Application of fuch* Rents at the Time of fettling their annual Accounts.

XIX.	And be it further enacled, That after the Ihid Commiftioners fhall have adjulled and fettled all Claifns and Difptrtes, and fet out Common Pits and Watering Places, and the Public and Private Roads, Ways, Wntercourfes, Drains, and other Requifttes, they the faid Commiftioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place to fet out, allot, and award unto the faid Sir Thomd's Gafcaignc as Lord of the Manor of Bramham aforefaid, his Heirs and Afltgns, as a Compenfation for his and their Right and Intereft-in and to the Soil of the Commons and Wafte Grounds within the faid Manor and Townlhip of Bramham,

One

AHotmentifor

Watering Places, Gravel i’i:., ie.

Allotment la the Lord of the Manor for his Right of Sail j

H2f

47’ GEORGII III. Setf.2. 6^.65.

One Sixteenth Part (Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered) of all the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, over and above and exclufive of inch Shaies, Proportions, and Allotments of the laid Commons and Waite Grounds herein-after to be directed to be allotted to him the faid Sir Thomas Gdjcoigne, in refpebt of his Right of Warren, and alfo of the Meffuages and Cottages, and Scites thereof. Lands and Heredita. ments, in right whereof he lhail, in like Manner as other Proprietors, be entit'ed to Allotments in and upon the faid Commons and Waite Grounds; and that they the faid Commiffioners (hall in the next Place fet out, allot, and award unto the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne, as Lord of ana for Coney the laid Manor, (and alfo to the faid Lord Headley respectively, in cafe it lhail be determined that the faid Lord Headley is entitled to Right of Warren upon the faid Commons or Waite?, or upon fome Part o. Parts thereof,) fuch Parts, Shares, and Proportions of the Remainder of the faid Commons and Waites as the faid Commiffioners lhail deem to be a full, juft, and adequate Compenfaticn and Satisfaction for their refpebtive Ccn y Warrens and Strays for Rabbits, upon the faid Commons and W altes, or any of them, fo as that the Allotment to be mad^ to the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne doth not exceed the annual Value of Ten Pounds, fuch Warrens to be difcontinued from the Time the faid Commiffioners lhail direct.

«pen,Rt'k*s' XX. And whereas the Right of Soil of and in a certain Part or Parcel of the faid Commons or Waites intended to be divided and inclofed, called The Open Hakes, containing by Eftimation Fifty Acres or thereabouts, is claimed as well by the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne Lord of the faid Manor as by the faid Charles Lord Headley: Be it enabled. That the faid Commiffioners lhail, and they are hereby authorized and direbted to award One-fixteenth Part of the faid Parcel of Land, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered), to the Perfon or Perfons who lhail be entitled thereto.

Uic°Keh!iucCff XXI. And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners lhail and

Commons. ° they are hereby authorized and required, to fet out, aliot, and award in Severalty, the Refidue of the faid Commons or Waite Grounds, unto and amonglt the Owners and Proprietors, as well of Meffuages, Cottages, and Frontlteads, having Right of Common upon the faid Commons or Waite Grounds, as of the Open Helds and other Lands and Grounds already inclofed within the Townlhip of Bramham, having fuch Right of Common as aforefaid, and not having had in relpebt thereof at any l ime heretofore any Equivalent by the Inclofute of Lands and Grounds from the Commons or Waite Grounds, or fome Part or Parts thereof, in fuch Shares and ProDorrions as herein-after mentioned, (that is to fay). One Half Part in Value of fuch Refidue (Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered) lhail be fet out, allotted, and awarded unto and amonglt the laid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne, the faid Lord Headley, James Fox, and the Reft of the Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages and Cottages, and Scites of Mef-fuagts and Cottages within the Manor and Townlhip of Bramham aforefaid, having Right of Common thereon, and not having received any Equivalent for the fame as aforefaid, according to the Number of Meffuages, Cottages, and Scites, without any Diftiaction as to Meffuages oc 3	Cottages,

47° GEOR'GII in. Seff.2. ‘Cap.65.

Cottages, and without Regard to the Value thereof, as the faid Commif-fioners lhall in their Judgment think moftjuft and equitable; and the other Half Part in Value of fuch Refidue (Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered) lhall be fet out, allotted, and awarded unto and amongft the feveral Owners and Proprietors of Open Field Lands, and other Lands and Grounds already inclofed within the faid Manor and Town Chip, who were alfo Owners and Proprietors of ancient Mefluages, Cottages, or Scites, before the Fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fix, and having Right of Common in refpeft thereof as aforefaid, and not having received any Equivalent for the fame as aforefaid, without Regard to the Value of Erections or Buildings thereon, according to the Value of fuch Lands and Hereditaments, and according to fuch re-l'peftive Proprietors Rights and Inter efts therein, as the faid Commiflioners fhall, in their Judgment, think moftjuft and equitable, and in full Re-compence and Satisfaction for the feveral and refpeftive Rights of Common and other Interefts of fuch Owners and Proprietors refpeftively, ih or upon the faid Commons or Waftes hereby directed to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the faid Com*

miffioners fhall and they are hereby directed to allot and award to the faid James Fox in Part of his Allotments to be fet out to him in purfuance of this Aft, all the Commons or Waite Grounds called Bramham Weft Moor, containing Thirty Acres or thereabouts ; alfo fuch Part of the Common or Waite Ground called Well Hill and Open Rakes, as lies Weft of a Line to be drawn from the South Weft Corner of the faid Lord Headley’s Park adjoining to Lendrick Hills, to the Top of the Hill on the faid Well Hill, and fo by the Top of fuch Hill to a Stake to be put down HalfWay between the Corner of the faid James Fox’s Wall and the Rakes Wood, and from thence in a ftraight Line over the faid Open Rakes to the Lodge of the faid James Fox ; but in cafe it Ihould fo happen, that the faid James Fox lhall not be entitled for his feveral Rights and Interefts in and to the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, to have the Whole of the faid Parcels of Ground laft mentioned allotted and awarded to him as aforefaid then fo much thereof as lhall remain after ratifying fuch Rights lhall be allotted to the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne in Part of hi6 Allotment for his Right of Soil as aforefaid; and that the Remainder and Refidue of the Allotments	to be	made to the faid	Sir	Thomas Gafcoigne as

well for his Right	of Soil	as otherwife, lhall	be	allotted and	awarded

to him on that Part of the faid Common or Wafte on the South of the Allotment	herein	next mentioned to	be	allotted to	the faid

Lord Headley, and	to adjoin on the North on	the	Allotment of	the faid

James Fox, and fo as to include therein the Stone Quarry called Paddock Hill Quarry.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That the faid Commif-fioners lhall allot and award to the faid Charles Lord Headley, all the Common or Wafte Ground adjoining to his Houfe at Bramham Biggin called Boocliffe Bank, on the Eaft and South Side of the Watertourle, and all the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Common or Wafte called

[Lee. & Per.]	13 F	Well

1125

Allotments to be made to certain Proprietors.

Allotment ts Lord Headley.

1126

Allotment of H’- R 6due of the Open Vicldj..

proprietors may fell their Interefts in the

Lards to !>e inclofcj fepa-rute from their other Property.

Tenure of Allctmiats.

4.70 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap>6$.

Well Hill and Open Rakes, or fo much thereof a? he (hall or may be entitled to out of or from the faid Commons and Walls Grounds as afore-laid.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out, allot, and award in Severalty, all the Refidue of the faid Open Fields within the faid Manor and Townlhip unto and amongft all and every the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or other Interefts in the faid open Fields, all or any of them, according to their refpeftive Rights, Properties, and Interefts therein, in fuch Shares and Proportions (Quantity, Quality, and Situation coufidered) as the faid Commiffioners fhall, in their Judgment, think moll juft and equitable, fo as each Owner may, in cafe he fhall require the fame, have his, her, or their fair Proportion of Land allotted in the fame Field in which it now lies, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for their feveral Rights and Interefts, in or upon the faid Open Fields or any of them, which they now refpeftivcly have and enjoy: Provided neverthelefs, that if the Property or Intereft of any Two or more of the faid Proprietors, in the faid Open Fields, fhall be fo frnall, that each Proprietor’s Allotment in fuch Field or Fields will not in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners be worth the Kxpence of inclofing, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, to lay the Allotments of fuch Proprietors together in One Plot, in any of the faid Open Fields, which may be in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners moft convenient, equitable, and beneficial for fuch Proprietoi s, or may allot to fuch Proprietor an Equivalent for the fame from the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds, in Augmentation of fuch Proprietors Share of fuch Commons and Wafte Grounds, in which Cafe the Share of fuch Proprietor in the faid Open Fields fhall be added to the Allotment or Allotments there, of fome other Proprietor or Proprietors, vvhofe Allotments in the fame Common and Wafte Grounds fhall be propor-tionably reduced, in like manner as if an Exchange had aftually taken place between them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary uot-withftariding.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Commons and Whfte Lands within the faid Manor and Townfhip, at any Time before the forming and drawing up of the Award of the faid Cominillioners, to fell and difpofe of all or any Part of his, her, or their Right, Title, and Property, in or to any Right of Common or other Intereft, in and upon the fame Commons and Wafte Lands, or any of them, feparate and apart from the Meffuages, Cottages, or Frontfteads, Lands and Grounds refpeftivcly, in refpeft whereof he, fhe, or they, fhall be entitled to fuch Right of Common or other Intereft, and every fuch Sale being fpecified and let forth in the Award of the faid Commiffioners, fhall be good, valid, and effcftual, to all Intents and Purnofes whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That all fuch Lands and Grounds ar, fhall, by virtue of this Aft be alotted to any Perfon or Perfons, fhall be held by them refpeftivcly, in the fame Manner, and by the fame Tenure,

as

1127

47® GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 6^1

as the MefTuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in refpeft of which fuch Allotment lhall be made, are, or fhall be holden, and fhall be fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes in the fame Manner, and to the fame Perfons, as the Lands in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments fhall be made, are fubjeft.

XXVII.	Provided always; and be it further enacted, That nothing in this will*. &c. not A ft contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make 18 be

void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or ta prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion,

Debts, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affefting any of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be refpeftively divided and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively; but that the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be allotted by virtue of this Aft, fhall be held to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eflates, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in refpeft of which fuch Allotments fhall be made, would have been fubjeft to, charged with, or affefted by, in cafe this Aft had not been made, fubjeft to fuch Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances, as fhall be made in purfuance of the laid recited Aft, or this Aft.

XXVIII.	And, for the more cffeftual Prefervation of the Quick Fences to No steep or be planted and fet for dividing and ftparating the Lands and Grounds

hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, be it further enafted, That the Aiiot-it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to departure either with Sheep, Affes, or other Cattle, any of the Highways or Lanes which fhall ' be made by virtue of this Aft, for the Term of Seven Years next after the refpeftive Allotments fhall be fet out, and the Fences made; nor fhall it be lawful for any of the faid Proprietors, Owners or Occupiers, of any Part of the Lands and Grounds intended by this Aft to be divided and inclofed, to keep or departure any Sheep, Afles, or any other Cattle, in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft, for the Term of Seven Years next after fuch Allotments fhall be made as aforefaid, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo keeping or departuring Sheep, or other Cattle, fhall firft make, or caufe to be made, a Fence fufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round fuch Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by fuch Sheep, or other Cattle, whether fuch young Quick Fences be planted or fet bv the Perfon or Perfons owning or occupying fuch Allotments as aforefaid, or by any Perfon or Perfons owning or occupying the Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners fhall be figned and publifhed by them, and depofited in the Parifh Church of Bramham aforefaid, under the Care of the Vicar and Churclvwardens of the faid Parifh for the Time being, and that the fame fhall be inrolled at Length, in the Public Regifter Office for Deeds and Wills, kept at Wakefield, in and for the Weft Riding of the County of York.

XXX.	And

SI 2 3

Expences of the A61 and Inciofiite how to be paid..

Commiflionerj Accounts to fee examiaed.

Perfon* advancing More/ to be paid with Interest

47° GEORGII III. Seff.s. Cap, 65.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Expences

of the faid Commiffioners and Umpire refpectively, for their )ournies and Attendances, occafioned by the faid Divifion and Iuclofure, and of pmting this Aft in Execution, and of the valuing, allotting, and /taking out the Allotments, and alfo all the Co/ts, Charges, and Expences, in and about the preparing, foliciting, and obtaining this Aft, and the fur-veying, dividing, and allotting the faid Open Fields and Commons or Wade Grounds, and of the furveying all the ancient Inclofures, or fuch Parts thereof, as may be neceffiiry; and of the feveral Journies and Attendances of the Surveyor, at any Meeting or Meetings of the faid Commiffioners, by the Direftion of the faid Commiffioners ; and all the Charges of the faid Commiffioners, in and about the preparing and inrolling the Award, to be made in purfuance of this Aft, and alfo all other incidental Charges and Expences whatfoever, for or by reafon of the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, and the hearing and determining any Claims in relation to the Premifes by Trial at Law or otherwile, and the carrying of this Aft into Execution, (except in fuch Cafes as are otherwife hereby provided) (hall be borne and paid by the refpeftive Perfons to whom Allotments lhail be made by virtue of this Aft, and who (ball have the immediate Poffeffion thereof, or Intere/l therein or thereto, in fuch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times, as the faid Commiffioners /hall direft and appoint, by an Affeffinent to be laid on all the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, by an equal Pound Rate, according to the Value of their refpeftive Allotments (the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the faid Robert Bozvnas, as Vicar of the Vicarage of Bramham aforefaid, and the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne, for and in refpeft of his Right of Soil as aforefaid, only excepted, and which lhall not be chargeable therewith) and all the Old Inclofures to be charged according as the fame are benefited thereby, fuch Value and Proportion to be afeer-tained by the faid Commiffioners; and that the Proportion of the faid Cods, Charges and Expences, to be borne, defrayed, and paid by the faid refpeftive Owners and Proprietors, or Perfons intere/led, /hall be fettled, adjufled, and alcertained, by the faid Commiffioners.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners ffiall, at lead once in every Year from the Date of the pa/ling of this Aft, until their Accounts ffiall be finally allowed, produce to Two Ju/tices of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the County of York, a true Statement of all Sums of Money by them received and expended or due to. them for their own Trouble and Expences, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, which Statement and Vouchers (hall be examined by the faid Juf-tices; and the Balance of them dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners, and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts ffiall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law unlefs the fame lhall be duly allowed by the faid Judices.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That fuch Perfon or Perfons as ffiall advance any Money for defraying the Expences of applying for,To!icfting, and obtaining this Aft, or carrying the fame into Execution,. Jball be

14	...	repaid

1129

47° GEORGII III. SeIT.2. Cap. 65.

repaid fuch Money with lawful Intereft for the fame out of the Mdney which lhall be firft raifed by virtue of this Ad.

XXXIII.	And be It further enafted, That if any Perfon or Pevfons (1 all Ptrfont rethink himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Lhing done in pnrfuance of this or the laid recited Aft, (other than and except where the Qj»nei S:f-Ordersand Determinations of the faid Commilfioncrs or Umpire by the faid

recited Ad or this Ad are declared to be final, binding, or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes where an KTue at Law is direded to be tried, then and in every fuch Cafe, he, i'ne, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, which (hall be holden in and for the Weft Riding of the faid County of York within Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, on giving to tire faid Commiffioners and to the Party or Parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter and Caufe thereof, and the Juftices (not interefted in the Premifes) in their faid General Quarter Sefiions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order and Aw ard fuch Cods and Damages as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colts and Damages which (hill be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale ot the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of luch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant. Diftrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juftices (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majeftv’s Courts of Record at Wejinnn/ter or elfewhere; but in cafe fuch Appeai (hall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices (hall award fuch Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcretion lhall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this s*'tnt> '-*»• Aft contained (hall prejudice, leflln, or defeat the Right, Title, or In- nonil R sht’* tereft of the faid Sir Thomas Gafcoigne Lord of the faid Manor, or any

future Lord or LorJs thereof, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties,

Rights and Services incident or belonging to the faid Manor, but that the faid Sir Thomas Cafcoigne, and ali and every the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being, (hall and may from Time to Time and and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Courts Leet, Courts Baron,

Rents, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Audit Rents, Services, Rights, Royalties, Perquifites, and Profits of Courts, and all other Jurifdiftions and Privileges to the faid Manor incident, appendant, belonging or appertaining confident with this Act, in as full, ample, and beneficial Maimer, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as he, (he, or they could, ought, or might have held and enjoyed the fame before the pafiing of this Aft, or in cafe the fame had never been made.

XXXV.	Saving always, to the King’s meft F.xcellent Majefty, His Heirs General and Succefibrs, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Savi,’S-Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succefibrs, Executors,

[£.«■. Ss* Per!]	13 G	and

ii3°

I’;.nt?r.

than fuch ar are meant and intended to be barred and deflroyed by this AS,) as ihey and every of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or in refpeS to the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, or exchanged, before the palling of this AS, or would or ought to have had or enjoyed, in cafe this AS had not been made.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaSed, That this AS fhall be printed by the 1 Printer to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, joffices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1807.



GEORGII III. REG

Seif. 2.

**«S****»**************«**«4K ***$«« :M******« $***.**«***•

Cap* 66.

An Act for indexing Lands in the Parifli of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk. [ift Augufl 1807.]

THEREAS there are, within the Parifli of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk, divers large Parcels of Common, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, containing by Eftima-tion about Six hundred Acres, and alfo confiderable 1 rafts of At able. Meadow, and Pafture Lands: And whereas the molt Honourable Geprge Marquis Townfhend is Lord of the Manor of Shipdham, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of the laid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, or fome Part thereof; and the faid George Marquis Townfhend, is feized of, or entitled to the perpetual Advowfon, Right of Patronage, and Prefentation of, in, and to the Reftory and Parifii Church of Shipdham aforefaid, and the Reverend Charles Lucas Edridge Clerk, is the prefent Reftor and Incumbent on the faid Reftory, and in Right of his faid Rectory is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, Tithes, and other Rights and Intereft within the faid Parifii of Shipdham : And whereas Sigfmuftd Trafford, George Brown, and James Gocde-ve Sparrow Efquires, are Lords of the Manor of Cajlon hall, in Shipdham, and John Crifp Gentleman, is or claims ;o be Lord of the fever.; 1 Manors of Majfnghams, and of Bennetts, and Barleys, in Shipdham aforefaid, and the faid Sigifmund Trajford, George Browne and James Goodeve Spas row, and John Crifp, refpefttvely claim to be endtled to the Soil of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, [Loc. iff Peri]	13 H	and

1134-

+i G. 3.

Commiffion-cra appointed.

For appointing ntw Com million-crs.

470 GEORGII III. Sc It. 2. Cap. 66.

and Wafte Grounds, or fome Parts thereof: And whereas the faid George Marquis Tozvnfhcnd, and feveral other Perfons rcfipcftivtly are the Owners and Proprietors of all the MeiTuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, and Tenements within the faid Pari fir of Shipdbam : And whereas an Act was pa(Ted in the Forty-firlt Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adifor confolidating in One Adi certain Proviftons ufually hferted in Adis of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Facts ufuaily required on the pajftng offuch Adis : And whereas the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, are fubject to certain Rights of Common of Pafture, or other Commonable Rights and Interefts, and are in their prefent State incapable of any confiderable Improvement; and it would be very beneficial to the feveral Perfons, having fuel) Rights and Interefts in, over, and upon the laid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, if fuch Rights were extinguilhed, and fuch Lands and Grounds divided, and fpecific Parts, or Shares thereof, allotted to the feveral Perfons interefted, according to their refpeftive Eftates, Rights, and Interefts therein; and fome Parts of the faid Arable Meadow, and Pafture Lands are intermixed, and other Parts thereof are inconveniently fituated for the refpeftive Owners and Occupiers thereof; and it would be to the Advantage of fuch Owners and Occupiers, if fuch Lands were exchanged and allotted under, and fubject to the Limitations in the faid recited Aft, and hereinafter contained, but fuch Extinguilhinent, Divifion, Exchanges, and Allotment?, cannot be effeftually made and eftablilhed without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-jefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That John Dugmore of Siuajfbam, Anthony Atthill of Eajl Dcreham, and Samuel Heyhoe Lc Neve Gilman of Hingham, all in the County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, and their Succeffors, to be elefted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed Commiftioners for dividing and allotting the faid intermixed Lands, Commons,. Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, and for carrying this Aft into Execution, fubjeft to fuch Powers, Authorities, Direftions, Regulations, Rdlriftions, and Proviftons contained in the faid recited Aft, as are not altered, varied, or otherwife provided for by this Aft; and that all Afts, Matters, and Things authorized or necefl'ary to be done and executed by the faid Com-miflioners in purfuance of this Aft, and the faid recited Aft, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame {hall be as valid and effeftual, and fhall have the fame Force and Effeft as if fuch Afts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the Commif-fioners herein before named, or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned.

II.	And be it further enafted. That if any of the Ccmmiffioners hereinbefore named, or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, fhall die, or refufe to aft, or (hall become incapable of afting as a Commiflioner or Commiflioners in the Execution of this Aft, and the faid recited Aft, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trufts thereby veiled in them fhall be fully executed and performed, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Proprietors of MeiTuages, Lands, and Tenements,

6	within

ii35

47* GEORG 11 III. Scff.2; Cap. 66.

within the laid Panfh of Sbipdbanor the major Part of them, in Value, according to the Land tax AflefTment for the faid Parifh, who fhall be prefent in Perfon, or by their reipeftive Attornies or Agents, appointed by Writing under the Hands of fuch Owners and Proprietors refpeftively, at a Meeting to be held fdr that Purpofe in the faid Parilh of Sbipdham, within Forty Days after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to act, (of which Meeting, Notice flrall be given by the iurviving or remaining Com-nritiioners, or either of them, or by Two or more of fuch Owners, and Proprietors, or their reipective Attornies, or Agents appointed as afore-faid, by affixing fuch Notice on forne Sunday, on the principal Door of the Pariffi Church of Sbipdbam, and alfo caufing the fame to be inferted in one or more of the Newfpapers hcrcin-after mentioned, or in forne other Newfpaper then printed or circulated in the faid County, Ten Days at lead before fuch Meeting I by any Inftrumcnt in Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not being interefted iu the Premifes, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Perfon interefted therein) to be a Commiffioner in the Place and Stead of the Commiffioner fo dying, or refufing to aft, or becoming incapable of afting as aforefaid ; but if the faid Owners and Proprietors, (hall negleft to make fuch Appointment in the Manner, and within the Time herein-before iimited and pre-feribed for that Purpofe as aforefaid ; then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful for the remaining or furviving Commiffioners or Commiffioner, and they or he are and is hereby required, within Sixty Days next after their or his Knowledge of fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity to aft, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint any other Perfon or Perfons (not being interefted in the Premifes, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Perfon or Perfons interefted therein) to be a Commiffioner or Commiffioners for the Purpofes of this and the faid recited Aft, in the Place and Stead of fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners fo dying or refufing to aft, or becoming incapable cf afting as aforefaid ; and every Perfon fo to be appointed a Commiffioner as aforefaid,

{hall take and fubferibe the Oath or Affirmation preferibed in the faid recited Aft. and fhall thereupon have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities in all Refpefts, for putting this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, as if he had been named and appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That each of the faid Commiffioners Allowance to herein-before named, and to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall be allowed Commiffiou* and paid the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and no more, crs-

for every Day each of the faid Ccmmiffioners fhall attend and be employed at any Meeting or Meetings to be held by them in purfuance and Execudon of this and the faid recited Aft, or in going to or returning from fuch Meeting or Meetings refpeftively, which faid Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings per Diem, fhall include and be in Satisfaction of and for all Charges and Expences whatfoever, incurred in going to, attending at, and returning from fuch Meeting or Meetings refpeftively.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and Notice of they are hereby required to caufe Notice of the 1 itne and Place of their Commiflion-firft and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Aft, to be inferted 'rsJlIeclinB£-

in

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2* Cap. 66.

in The Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mernry, or in fome other Newf-paper printed or circulated within the faid County of Norfolk Eight Days at leaft before every fuch Meeting, (Meetings by Adjournment onlv excepted), and if only one of the faid Commilfioners fhall be prefent at the Time and Place appointed for any fuch Meeting, then and in fuch Cafe, and fo often as the fame fhall happen, it fhall be lawful for fuch Com-miilioner to adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Time and Place, within the faid Parifh of Shipdham, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he fhall think mod convenient, giving Notice of fuch Adjournment to the abfent Commiffioners.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all ether Notices neceffary or requifite to be given by the faid Commiffioners, in purfuance ol the faid recited Aft, or of this Aft, fhall be fo given by Advertif'e-ment, to be inferted in the faid Norfolk Chronicle, or Norwich Mercury, or in fome other Newfpaper printed or circulated in the laid County of Norfolk.

For fhorten- VI. And whereas it may fhorten the Boundary Fences between the F<fn«sUadary LandS

in the faid Parifli of Shipdham, and the Lands in any adjoining Parifli gr Paiiffies, if the faid Commiffioners were empowered to caufe fuch Fences to be raifed ill fuch Direftion as they fhall deem mod proper and convenient for fhortening and making the fame regular; be it therefore enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, with the Confent in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors, and of the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners, in any Parifh or Pariffies adjoining to the faid Parifh of Shipdham (fuch Value to be afeertained by the Land Tax Rates or Affeffments made for fuch Parifh or Parifhcs refpeftivelv or under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of the Lands upon which fuch Fence or Fences fhall or may be intended to be made), to fet out, afceriain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds by this Aft direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and the Lands lying in fuch adjoining Parifli or Pariihes, as they fhall judge proper for the Purpcfes aforciaid ; and after fuch Boundaries fhall be fo fet out, afeertained, and determined, the fame fhall be inclofed and fenced by fuch Perfon or Perfons, in fuch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times, as the faid Commiffioners fhall direft, and fhall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the faid Parifli ot Shipdham, and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parifnes; any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary nut-withftanding.

Kelpcfting VII. And be it further enafted. That all Encroachments which, at any Kacroack- Time within Thirty Y ears now laft part, have been made upon the faid mans.	Commons,	Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, fhall be deemed

Part thereof, and {hall be divided and allotted accordingly, (fave and except in fuch Cafes only where Encroachments or Inclofures have been made upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds with the Confent of the Lords or Ladies of any or either of the faid Manors, and entered in the Court Books, or upon the Rolls of the faid Manors, or any or either of them); and in cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall arife touching any

fuch

1136

Other Notices how to be given.

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. .CapM*

>*37

fuc"h Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, fuch Difpute or Difference fhall be determined by the faid Ccmmiffioners.

Viir. Provided always,- and be it era tied. That the Lands and Grounds Encroach-comprifed in fuch Enctoachments (hall be allotted to the Perfon or n'.ents ,to be Perfons who fhall be in PoffeiTion thereof, in cai'e fuch Perfon or Perfons *he Perfon* fhffl be entitled to ar.y Allotment by virtue of this Act, without Regard ;n poffefEon. to the Value of fuch Improvements as fhall or may have been made thereon fir.ee fu ’h Encroachments were made, in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fc in Pcffiiffion, fhall defire the fame to be fo allotted, and fhall fignifv fuch Detire by Writing, Signed by him, her, or them, to be delivered to the faid Commiffioners, at their Firft or Second Meeting to be holder in purfuance of this and the faid recited Aft; and the Value of Rich Encroachments fnail be dedubled from the Allotments to which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be entitled under this Act, unlefs it fhall happen that the Value of fuch Encroachments refpebtively (Quantity and Quality confidered) fhall be greater than the Allotment or Allotments to which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be entitled by virtue of this and the faid recited AS ; and in that Cafe a proportionable Part only of fuch Encroachments fhall be deduSed therefrom, and the Re-fidue thereof fhali be fold by the faid Commiffioners; and if the Perfon or Perfons in Poffeflion of fuch Encroachments fhall not be entitled to any Allotment under or by virtue of this and the faid recited A cl, then the whole of fuch Encroachments fhali be fold by the faid Commiffioners, and conveyed bv them in Fee Simple to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, and the Money arifing from fuch Sale or Sales, fhall be applied towards defraying the Expenses of obtaining and executing this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Difpute or Difference fhall Commifiion. arife between any of the Parties imeretied, or claiming to be interefled c,! t0 fcU'e in the faid intended Divition and Allotments, touching or concerning the ■L)l!Pute3* refpedive Rights and Imerelts which they, or any of them, fhall claim to

have in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Timber, Wood, Underwood, Bufhes,

Thorns, Whins, or Furze growing thereon, or concerning any Allowance claimed, or to be claimed, for plowing, fowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grafs Seeds, manuring or improving the faid intermixed Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Allotments, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioneis, and they are hereby authorifed and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided al- But not to ways, that nothing in this Act contained fhall authorife the faid Com- determine miffioners to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, Tltlcs-Tenements, Tithes, or other Hereditaments whatfoever.

X. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners Commifiion-fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, ers may afiefs Objection or Obje&ions to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or Cofts<

the recited Adt, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and em-powe J	‘	plication	made	to them for that Purpofe, to fettle,

affefs.

n'3S

Parlies may try their I’ ighis at JLavv.

47° GEORG II HI. Seff.2. Cap. 66.

affefs, and award fach Cofts and Charges as they dial) think reafonabte> to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioners dial) be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections dial! be thereby difallowed or over-ruled, or againft whom the faid Commillioners lhall have determined as aforefaid ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who (hall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges, (hall negleCt or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo negledting or refuting to pay ihe fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

y I. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in-terefted, or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, (hall be diftatisfied with any Determination of the faid Com-miftioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of, or for any Rights of Soil, Sheepwalk, or Common, or other Commonable Rights or Interefts in, over, upon, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, or concerning any Objection or Objections made to fuch Claim or Claims, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo diftatisfied, to have the Matter of any ruch Claim or Objection tried at Law. at the next, or at the Second Aflizes to be holden for the County of Norfolk, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who (hall be diftatisfied with fuch Determination of the faid Commiftioners, (hall caufe an AC>ion or Actions to be brought againft the Peifon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination (hall have been made, in One of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjier, within 't hree Calendar Months next after fuch Determination lhall have been made ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Actions lhall, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required, forthwith to name an Attorney or Attomies, and to appear or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Declaration or Declarations, and plead or proceed to Iifue thereon, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, and the Rights or Interefts thereby infilled upon, maybe tried and determined at the Firft or Second Aflizes to be held for the faid County of Norfolk, next after the making of fuch Determination, (fuch Blue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the laid Action or Actions (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties (hall differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which (hall be given in luch ACtion or ACtions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bcdv or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

unlefs

JI39

47* GEORGII III. Se/T. 2. Cap. 66.

tmlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Adions (hall be brought, (hall let alkie f’uch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it Ihall be lawful for the Court to do,- as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Verdict or Verdicts Ihall be obtained, and not fet alkie bv the Court, the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims, Objedion or Objedions thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all fuch Deter-minations of the faid Commiffioners as fhall have been fo made as afore- J^jfionen'to faid, with refped to fuch Cl unis or Objedions, and concerning which be final if no fuch Adion at Law (ball be brought or commenced, and proceeded no Action in within the Time aforefaid, Ihall be final, binding, and conclufive upon brought, all Perfons whomfoever; any Thing in the faid recited Ad, or in this Ad, contained to the contrary notwithltanding.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That if any of the Ifl’arties die Parties in any fuch Adion to be commenced by virtue or in purfuance Proceedings of this Ad, ffiall die pending the fame, fuch Adion fhall not abate by notloabate. reafon thereof, but Ihall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event h^d happened.

XIV.	And be it further enaded and declared. That it Ihall and may pOWer to fet be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to fet out and appoint any Publick out new Carriage Roads or Highways, and Footpaths, upon, through, and over ^oa<|*0Tcr any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the laid Parifli of [u'r' ‘J 1 nc * Shipdham, in order to render fuch Roads and Footpaths more commodious to the Publick, (making Compeufation to the Owners of the Lands and Grounds over which fuch Carriage Roads and Footpaths fhall be fet out and appointed as aforefaid), and to flop up and difeontinue any of the prefent Carriage Roads, Highways, or Footpaths, in, over, and through any of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifli of Sbipdham, and to allot the Ground and Soil of fuch prefent Carriage Roads,

Highways, or Footpaths, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands (hall front or adjoin thereto, and to deduct the Value thereof out of the Allotments to which fuch Perfon cr Perfons fhall be entitled under or by virtue of this Act, if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall defire the fame, or otherwife it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Coiinniflioners to fell, difpofe of, and allot fuch Ground and Soil to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners Ihall think proper, firft offering the fame to Sale to the Perfon or Perfons w hofe Lands (hall front or adjoin thereto ; and fuch new Roads and Highways (hall be made of the fame Width, and Ihall be firft formed and made, and afterwards maintained and kept in Repair in the fame Manner, and the Expence thereof defrayed by the fame Ways and Means, and under the fame Notice, and inferred in the fame Map, and (hall be made with the Concurrence of Two Jultices of the Peace, and fubject to the fame Power of Appeal to the Quarter Scffions, by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall think himfelf, herlelf, or themfelves to be aggrieved thereby, and under the fame R eltrictions in all Refpects as are prescribed in and by the faid recited Aft, with refped to the Carriage Roads thereby directed to be fet

out

114-0

But not over

Gardens, Home (leads, or Home Clofes.

Old Roads to be continued till ueiv Roads are made.

Allotments

for Stone and Gravel Pits and for Watering Places.

Allotments to T,ords of Manors for Right of Soil.

Allotments for the Poor at Shipdham.

47® GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.66.

out and made, in over, and though the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by the faid Commiffioners, according to the Provifions of the faid recited Aft.

XV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Commiffioners to fet out or appoint any new Roads, Highways, or Footpaths, in, over, or through any Gardens, Orchards, Homefteads, or old Inclofures immediately adjoining to any Dwelling Houfe within the faid Parifh of Shipdham, without the previous Confent in Wridng of the Owners and Proprietors thereof.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That none of the prefent Publick Highways or Roads, within the faid Parifh of Shipdham, fhall be fhut up or difeontinued, until the Roads intended to be and remain Publick Highways within the fame Parifh, fhall be fet out and properly formed and made fafe and convenient for the Paffage of Horfes, Cattle, and Carriages.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners fhall and may, ii they think fit, affign, fet out, and allot unto the Surveyors of {he Highways, within the faid Parifh of Shipdham, and to their rei'pec-tive Succeflbrs for ever, fuch Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted (not exceeding Eight Acres in the Whole), as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners be proper and neceffarv, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for publick Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits; and the fame fhall be inciofett and fenced in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall direft; and fuch Allotment and Allotments, when fet out, fhall for ever thereafter be ufed by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Effates within the faid Parifh, and their Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of and within the faid Parifh for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhall order, direft, and appoint, and not otherwife.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to affign, fet out, and allot unto the Lords or Ladies of the fcveral Manors hereinbefore mentioned, and to the Lords or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors, or to fuch of them as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Com-miflioners be entitled to the Soil of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, within the faid Parifh of Shipdham, fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners be equal in Value to One Twentieth Part thereof as a Compenfation, and in full Satisfaftion of and for the Right of fuch Lords and Ladies refpeftively, of, in, and to the Soil of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, according and in Proportion to their feveral Parts, Shaies, Rights, and Interefts therein.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fliall affign, fet out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the

6	faid

1141

47°GEORGII III. SefT. 2. Cap.66.

laid Manor of Shipdham, and of the feveral other Manors herem-before mentioned ; and to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of the fame Parilh for the Time being, and to their refpeclive Suc-ceffors for ever, either together, or in Two or more feparate Allotments, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafle Grounds, within the faid Parilh of Shipdham, hereby dire&ed to be divided and allotted, as in the Judgement ct the faid Com-miffioners ihall be equal in Value per Annum, to the annual Average Value of One hundred Acres of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wade Grounds; and the faid Commiffioners (hall caufe the faid Allotment or Allotments to be inclofed and fenced in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be for cver freed, exonerated, and difeharged of and from the Payment of all and all Manner of Tythes, both great and fmall, to the Rector of the faid Pari(h of Shipdham, and his Succeffors, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whom-foever ; and the faid Allotment or Allotments when fet out, (hall be veiled in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid feveral Manors, and the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh or Shipdham, ar.d their Succeffors for the Time being, for ever, as Truftees for the Poor of the faid Parifh of Shipdham, and they, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, duly executed in the Prefence of, and attefted by Two or more credible Witncffes, to leafe or demife the Whole, or any Part or Parts of fuch Allotment or Allotments to any Perfon or Perfons whoml'oever, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to commence in Poffeffion and not in Re-verfion, or by way of future Intereft, fo as the Firft Leafe or Leafes to be thereof granted, Ihall be made to commence within Two Years nex: after the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners, and fo as in every fuch Leafe there be referved and made payable to the faid lall mendened Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens and Overfeers, for the Time being, the bell and mod improved yearly Rent or Rents which can be reafonablv had or obtained for the fame, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in Confideration of granting any fuch Leafe or Leafes, and fo as the Leffee or Lefftes in any fuch Leai'e or Leafes, be not thereby made difpunifhable for Walle, and fo as the Rent or Rents to be referved by fuch Leafe or Leafes, be thereby made payable to the faid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, ReCtor, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor, of the faid Parilh of Shipdham, for the Time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in the Year, and fo as in every' fuch Leafe there be contained proper and fair Covenants on the Part of the Leffee, for the Ufage and Management of the Land thereby demifed, and for leaving the fame in a proper State and Condition, at the Expiration of every fuch Leafe, together with other ufual Covenants and Stipulations between the Lcffor and Leffee, and fo as in every fuch Leafe there be contained a Power of Re-entry ror Non-performance of the Covenants therein contained, and for Non-payment of the Rent thereby referred, within a reafonable Time to be therein limited, after the fame (hall happen, or become due, and fo as the Leffee or Leffees in fuch Leafes do execute and deliver Counterparts of fuch Leafe or Leafes; and the clear Rents and Profits of the fame Allotment or Allotments (hall, from 'l ime to Time be laid out in purchafing Fuel to be diftributed among [_Lec. Hjf Per."]	13 K	all

XI 4-2

Lords of Manors and Rectors may aCi by Proxy.

Allotment of the Camping Ground-

Allotment of

the Refiduc.

-470 GEORG 11 III. Seff, 2, Cap. 66.

all or any and fuch of the Poor Inhabitants of the faid PariiTi of Shtpdbam, who belong to, and lhall be legally fettled therein, and fhull not refpec-tively occupy Lands or Tenements within the fame Pariih of more than the yearly Value of Five Pounds in fuch Proportions and Quantities, in fuch Manner, at fuch Times, in every Year, and according to fuch Rules and Regulations, as the faid Trultees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, lhall from Time to Time preferibe and appoint, and not othervvife ; and in cafe the Whole of fuch Allotment or Allotments lhall not be leafed and demifed as aforefaid, then the faid Truflees are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe fuch Part or Parts thereof, as lhail not from Time to Time be fo leafed or demifed as aforefaid, to be fet apart for the cutting of Flags, Turves or Turf, or to be inclofed, ditched, and fenced, and ploughed, and fown with Whin and Furze Seeds, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or the major Part of them, lhall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, order and direct, and the Flag, Turves or Turf, and Whins or Furze, coming and ariling upon and from fuch laft mentioned Lands, lhall be cur, taken, and ufed by fuch Poor Inhabitants, legally fettled in the faid Pariih of Shipdham, in fuch Quantities, in fuch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times, in each and every Year, and under fuch Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the faid Truftees far the Time being, or the major Part of them, lhall from Time to Time direct and appoint, and not otherwile.

XX.	Provided always, That it lhall be lawful for the Lords or Ladies of the faid feveral Manors, and the Rector of the faid Redtory and Pariih Church of Shij>dbam, for the Time being refpectively, to aft in the Execution of the Trulls hereby repofed in them as aforefaid, by his, her, or their Agents or Proxies refpectively, fuch Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing, under the refpeftive Hands of the Lords or Ladies of the faid feveral Manors, and the Rector of the faid Pariih of Shipdham, and producing his or their Appointment or Appointments at the Time of his or their acting by virtue thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commillioners lhall ajlign, fet out and allot unto the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of , the Poor of the faid Pariih of Shipdham, and their Succeffors for the Time being, a certain Parcel of Open and Waite Ground, within the faid Pariih, containing about One Acre, be the fame more or lefs, called The Camping Ground, with a fmall Houfe or Cottage thereon built in Trull and to the Intent that the fame may remain and continue open and unin-clofed in its prefent State, for the Ufe of the Inhabitants of the fame Pariih for ever.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That after the faid feveral Allotments lhall have been made and fet out in Manner herein-before directed, the faid Commillioners lhall divide, fet out, and allot, all the Relidue and Remainder of the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waite Grounds, within the faid Pariih of Shipdham, unto and amongll all and every Per-fon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Rights of Common of Pallure, or other Commonable Rights, or Interefts, into, over, or upon the faid Commons. Commonable Lands, and Waite Grounds, in fuch Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the faid

Com-

I143

470' GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap.66.

Comroiifioners (hull adjudge and determine to be proportionable to the Value of, and a full Compenlation and Satisfaction to him, her, or them refpcctively, for his, her, or their refpedive Rights and Interests therein (fave and except as to the laid Right of Soil, for which Compenfation is herein-before diredcd to be made), provided that in making luch Allotments refpectively, all and every Right and Rights of Common of Paf-ture, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, ufed and exercifed upon any Part or Parts only of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Walte Grounds, within the faid Parilh of Sh'ipdham, is and are admitted, and lhail be deemed, taken, and confidered by the laid Commilhoners to extend into, over, and upon, the Whole and every Part and Parte of the laid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waite Grounds ; and that all the old inclofed and intermixed Arable, Meadow, and Pall tire Lands, and alfo all and every Meffuages and Cottages within the faid Parilh of Sh 'ipdham, which have been ereded and built for the S, ace of Forty Years laft pad, and alfo all other Meffuages and Cottages within the fame Parilh, which have been erected and built within the Space of Forty Years lad pad, upon the Scites of any antient dilapidated Meffuages or Cottages within the faid Parilh of Sh'ipdham, are and is admitted, and lhall be deemed and confidered by the faid Commif-fionero to have Rights of Common in, over, and upon the faid Commons, Commonable Lands and Waite Grounds.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That in all Cafes where Trees and

are Trees, not being Timber Trees, Bullies, or Thorns, have been	plant-

planted or fet upon the faiii Commons aial Wade Grounds, contiguous	to

or near to any Dwelling H mfes, within the faid Parilh of Sh'ipdham, be- belong iQ longing to any Perfon or Perfons by whom, or by whofe Predeceffors the Owners of fame were fo planted or fet, and by whom, or by whofe Tenants, fuch ®ib°>mng Trees, Bullies, or Thorns have been ufuaily lopped, topped, pruned, or Hou cs' cut, the fame Trees, Bufnes, and Thorns lhall be deemed and taken to

belong to the Owner or Owners of fuch Dwelling Houfes refpectively, and lhall and may, if fuch Owners delire the fame, be dubbed up, cut, taken, and carried away, by fuch Owner or Owners refpedively, or fuch Owner or Owners may fed the fame within fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner and Form, as the faid Commilhoners lhall, by Writing under their Hands allow, direct, and appoint, and not otherwife.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, Thar if any Perfon If any Terfon (except tlie faid Rcdor in refpect of the faid Redlory), hath fold or con- Mb his Coin-traded, or agreed to fell, or diall at any Time before the Execution of

the Award to be made by the faid Commilhoners, in purfuance of the n,crni$tobe faid recited Ad, fell or conirad, or agree to fell, his or her Right, In- made to the terell, and Property, into, over, or upon the faid Commons, Common- Puwbafer. able Lands, and Wafle Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof to any other Perfon, then and in every fuch Cafe, it lhail be lawful for the faid Commilhoners, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Notice of fuch Contrad, Sale, or Agreement, to make an Allotment of Land, unto the Vendee or Purchafer, in every fuch Sale, Contrad, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Afligns, for and in refped of fuch Right, Intertft, and Property fo fold ' or contraded, or agreed to be fold as aforefaid; and every fuch Vendee

or

114.4

For allotting

intermixed

Lands.

For allowing Exchanges to be made.

47* GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 66.

or Purchafer, or his or her Heirs or Afligns, fhall and may, from and aftc the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in cafe fuch Sale, Contra £t, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Right, Intereft, or Property had been veiled in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforefaid.

XXV.	And whereas fome Parts of the Arable and Pafture Lands within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, comprifed in certain Fields, called North Field, Mill Field, Little Field, Low Field, Three Acre Field, and Silver Field, he intermixed, and are inconveniently fituated for the refpective Owners and Occupiers thereof; be it therefore enacted, that the faid CommilTioners Ihall, and they are hereby authorized and required to ailign, fet out, and allot the faid intermixed Lands, or any other Lands within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, of equal Value in lieu thereof, unto and among ft the feveral Owners and Proprietors of the faid intermixed Lands, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners Ihall adjudge and determine to be equivalent to, and a full Compenfation for their feveral Parts and Shares of the faid intermixed Lands comprized within the before-mentioned Fields.

XXVI.	And whereas fome other Parts of the Arable, Meadow, and Palture Lands, within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, are inconveniently fituated for the refpeCtive Owners and Occupiers thereof; be it therefore enafted, That it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to aflign, fet out, allot, and award any Melfuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parilh of Shipd-ham, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Melfuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, or within any adjoining Parilh, Hamlet, Townlhip, or Place; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner cr Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which Ihall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Ihall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or fpecial, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truflees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or afting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges Ihall be refpeCtively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Difability ; or who fhall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife difabled to aCt for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf (fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpeCtively) and all and every fuch Exchange or Exchanges fo made fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange lhali be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

ti45

47* GEORGII lit. ?eiT. ~.	Cap.66.

meat?, held in Right of any Church. Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confcnt Jellified as aforclEd, of the Lord Biihop of the DIocefe, and the Pair on of the Living in which .fuch Lands, Ten#* ments, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, fnall befituate: Provided alio, that all Colts, Charges, and Expeiices, attending the making oi any fuch Exchanges, lhall be borne and paid by the f veral Perfons making fuch Exchanges, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportion as the faid Comrrulhoners lhall, by their faid Award, order and aired.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That the Allotment or Allotments For fencing heretofore direded to be made for the Lenefit of the Poor of the faid i1k Rector’s Pariiii of Sbipdbam, and alfo any Allotment or Allotments of any Part or

Parts of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waite Grounds, which maybe made by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad, to the faid Rcdor, or his Succeffor for the Time being, for or in refped of any Meffuagcs or Glebe Land- belonging to the faid Redory and Parilh Church of Sbipdbam, (hall be inclofed and fenced on the Outfide thereof, with fucH Ditches. Hedges, Mounds, or other Fences, as the faid Com-miiiiontrs lhall dired, and the Expence thereof lhall be railed and paid in the fame banner as the Expences of obtaining, palling, and executing this .Ad are herein-after direded to be raifed and paid ; and fuch Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, and Fences, when made, mall for ever thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair by the laid Kedor, and his Suc-ceffors, and by the faid Truftees and their Succeffors reflectively, or by fuch other Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Parts and Proportions as the faid CommiiTioners lhall, in and by their laid Award, dired and appoint; and that all the other Allotments to be made of the faid intermixed Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, hereby direded to be divided and allotted, lhall be inclofed and fenced with proper Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, and other Fences, to be made, and at all Times thereafter to be maintained and kept in Repair, by and at the Charge and Expence of the feveral Perfons to or for whom the fame lhall-be allotted, and his, her, or their refpedive Heirs, Succeffors, Alligns, or Tenants, within fuch Time or Times, in fuch Parts, Shares, and Proportions, and in fuch Manner and Form as the faid CommiiTioners lhall, in and by their Award, or by any Writing or Writings figned by them previoufly to the Execution of their faid Award, order, dired, and appoint.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared, That Annual Pay-

after the faid CommiiTioners (lull have ftt out the faid Allotment or mcnts for Allotments for the Benefit of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Sbipdbam	of*™

as aforefaid, and before the Execution of their Award, they lhall difiin- Tithes of the guilh and divide all the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Commons, Commons. Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, as fairly and.equitably as may

be, according to the Quality thereof, into Two fqaarate Divifions or ClalEs, to be denominated refpeftivelv the Firft Clafs and the Second Clafs, and lhall afeerrain and defence the fame accordingly in their faid Award; and it lhall and may be lawful to and far the laid Charles Lucas Edridge, and his Succefibrs, Rectors of the Redory and Parilh Church of Shipdbam aforefaid, for and during the Space, of Seven Years, to commence and be computed upon and from ti e Old Michaelmas Day [Lee. (d Per.']	13	L	next

1146

To prevent Turves,&c. being cut without leave of the Com-miflioners.

470 GEORGII III. St.C.2. Cap. 66.

next after the Execution of the faid Award, to afk, demand, fue for, recover, and receive of and from the feveral Perfons to whom the faid Refidue of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wade Grounds 'fhall be allotted, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the Time being refpeftivc-ly, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings per Acre per Annum, and no more, for each and every Acre of the laid Com* •inons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, which fhall be contained and included -in the faid Fir ft Cats, and at and after the Rate of One Shilling per Acre per Annum, and no more, for each and every Acre of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wade Grounds, which fhall be contained and included in the faid Second Clafs, and To in Proportion after the faid refpective Rates for any greater or let's Quantity than an Acre; and fuch annual Payments of Two Shillings per Acre and One Shilling per Acre refpectiveiy, fhall commence and be paid on the Old Michaelmas Day next but one after the Execution of the faid Award, and fhall be payable and continue to be paid at the End of each and every Year of the faid Term of Seven Years; and fuch annual Payments of Two Shillings per Acre, per Annum, and One‘Shilling per Acre-per Annum refpeSivcly, fhall be p .id to, and reared and accepted by the faid Reitor and his Succeffors, in lieu and in full Satisfaction of anil for all and all Manner of Tithes, both great and fundi, coming, -arifing, 'growing, ©r renewing, in, upon, or from the Refidue of the Laid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, in SbipdbcrM aforefaid, during the faid Term of Seven Years, and no longer; and fuch annual Payments of Two Shillings and One Shilling per Acre per Annrn refpectiveiy, fhall-and maybe recoverable and recovered in the fame Manner, and by all fuch Ways ai d Means as any Tithes, Cotnpo-fition for Tithes, or Modus, may by Law be recovered; and from and after the Expiration of the laid Term of Seven Years, the faid feveral annual Payments fhall ceafe and determine, and from thenceforth the faid Refidue of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds in S'tnpdham, fhail be fubject and liable to the Payment of Tithes in the fame Manner as anv other of the Tithcable Lands and Grounds in the faid Parifh are fubjeft and liable to the Payment thereof.

XXIX.	And be it further emitted, That it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, from and after the palling of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turves, Turf, Flag, Whins, or Furze in, upon, or from the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or from any Part thereof, v:thout the Licence and Confent of the faid Commiftianers firft had and obtained for that Purpofe, (widch Licence the faid Commif-fioners are hereby empowered to grant under fuch Regulations and Re-ftfictions as they fhall think proper to infert therein); and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, after the pafTmg of this Aft, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turves, Turf, Flag, Whins, or Furze, upon or from the faid" Commons, Commonable Lands, or Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, without fuch Licence an rf. re kid, or having -obtained fuch Licence, fhall aft contrary thereto, the faid Gumndflienert, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, fhall, and they arc hereby autho-rifed and required, by Warrant under thiir Hands and Seals, directed 6	.	-	to

47° GEORG 11 MI. SeiT 2. Cap. 66.	IT4-7

to 3UW 'Pcrfon or Perfoas whoiftfoever to rauie anv Sum of Money not •exceeding 'Five Pounds to be levied by -Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Peflon or Peril'ns fo offending in the Premiles, rendering the Overplus (dt anv) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whole Goods and Chattels ihall be fo diltrained and fold, alter deducting the Calls and Charges attending lush Dtftrefc and Rale; and the Money fo to be levied as alorelaid, flr.nl be applied towards Payment *of the Colts .and Charges or obtaining this Act, and executing this and the laid recited .Act.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That it lliall and may be lawful for For cxn'n-the laid Ccmmitlioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time or pji'^v °r Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notic-e in Writing under their i Hands, to be affixed upon the Door of the Parilh Church of common Shipd'xnn aforefaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common before the of Failure, or other Commonable Rights whatfoever, in, over, and upon Award, the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exerci e thereof to be fuf-pended for and during fuch lime or Times as lhalLbe expreffed in fuch Notice, and luch Rights lhail be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof Ihall be fufperded accordingly; any Law, Ufage, or Cuitom to the contrary notv.ithflanding.

■XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Sheep or Fences to be Lambs (hall be kept in anv of the Allotments to be made by virtue of “ade "tlcre this Aft, whereon any new Fence lh ,H be railed, during the Space of jPpt'in the Seven Years next after the Execution of the 'laid Award, unlels the new Inclo-Perfon or Perlons fo keeping the fame, ihall firlt, at his, her, or their lure*, own Expence, make ar.d maintain a Fence fufficient to guard the young Fences belonging to fuch Allotments from dicing hurt or damaged by fuch Sheep or Lambs ; ■(•whether fuch young Fences be made, planted, or fet by the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments as aforefaid, or by the Owners or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto) ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall turn or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any of inch Allotment or Allotments, without raifing up and keeping fuch Fences as aiorefaid, it Ihall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, when, where, and from Time to Time, and fo often as fuch Sheep or Lambs lliall be fo turned in or kept, to take, drive away, and impound the fame.

XXXTI. And be it further enacted. That all the Lands and Grounds Allotments which lliall be allotted by virtue of this or the faid recited Act, to any to be of the Perfon or Perfons for or in -lieu, cr in refpect of any Meffuages, Build- j^e^Laids ings, Lands, or Tenements holden by Verge or Copy of Court Roll of ;n i;cll where-any Manor or Manors, or for or i:: refpect cf any Leafehold Meffuages, of they are Lands, or Tenements, or for or in refpect of any Rights of Common of allotted. Psfture, orShackage, cr other Rigi-s or Jmcrcf..*. appurtenant or appendant to any fuch Copyhold or Leafehold Pren-.ircs, Ihall from and after the Execution of the faid Award be deemed ar.d taken to be Copyhold or Leafehold, and Ihall be held as fuch by and\;r.ber the lame Tenure, and under fuch Rents, l-i-tes. Payments, and Services as the Copyhold or Leafehold Meffuajres, Tenements, or Lands rtfpcctively, in refpect whereof

fuch

114-8	47°	GEORGII	III.	SefT. 2. Cap.66.

fuch Allotments fhall be made, are now held; and that all and every Perl'on and Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold Premiles fhall be allotted as . aforefaid, ill,ill, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the ibid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of fuch Manor or Manors; ffave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifite to be ufed for the Copies of fuch Admiffions refpectively and fuch reafonable Fees to the laid rel'pective Stewards of the faid Manors as the faid Commiflioners fhall, in and by their faid Award order and direct to be paid on fuch Admiffions refpectively); but in cafe the Pcrfon or Peiions to whom any fuch Copyhold Premifes fhall be allotted as aforefaiu, fhall not have been admitted to the Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in relpect whereof fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be made, or fhall happen to die before fuch Time as he, fhe, or they fhall have been duly admitted to the Premifes allotted in lieu of fuch Copyhold Lands or Tenements, then the cuftomary Fines and other Payments fhall be due and payable upon the Admiffion of the . Pcrfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands fo allotted as 1 aft aforefaid ; and after every fuch fir ft Admiffion, the Copyhold Premifes fo to be allotted as laft aforefaid, fhall at, all l imes afterwards be held under, and fubject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Payments, and Services as the Copyhold Lands or Tenements ,m refpect whereof fuch Premifes were allotted, are now held under and fubject to y and the faid Commiflioners fhall, by their faid Award, determine, deferibe, and abut the Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, and Tenements which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leafehold, and all other MefTuages, buildings, Lands, and Tenements within the faid Parifhof Shif dljam, (except what fhall be fo afeertained by the faid Coin-miifioners to be Copyhold or Leafehold) fhall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Tenements, fubject neverthelefs to fuch Free Rents, Payments, and Services as are now payable out of, or for the refpective Mcifuages, Lands, or Tenements in refpect whereof the fame fhall be allotted as aforefaid.

Al’otments of. XX XI If. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That Commons	all fuch Part and Parts of the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte

from Fmos	Grounds by this Aft direfted to be divided, as fhall be allotted to any

for Seven	Perfon or Perfons for or in refpect, or in lieu of any Copyhold Mefluages,

Vciir;.	Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhall be freed and difeharged of

and from the Payment of 3ny Fine or Fines to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors whereof the fame are held, upon any Admiffion or Admiffions which may be had thereto, within the Sp ce of Seven Years next after the palling of this Act; and that from and after the Expiration of the faid Term or Stven Years, all fuch Part and Parts of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, as fhall be fo allotted for or in refpect, or in lieu cf fuch Copyhold MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fly. 11 be Held by and under the fame Rents and Services, and fhall be fubject and liable to the Payment of Fines on Admiffions (hereto and otherwife, in the fame Manner, in all Refpects, as the Copyhold MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, and He-Kd laments, for or in refpect, or in lieu whereof the fame fhall be allotted, are now held under* or are liable and fubject to the Payment of.

XXXIY. Provided

+7° GEORG II III. Sell'. 2. Cap. (>v.	1149

XXXIV. Provided always, and is hereby enacted and declared, Thar r.nC.. 3t nothing in this Act contained fhall extend, or be deemed or taken to ex- R.«ck ll«"t tend, to vacate, annul, or make void any Lenfe or Leafes, or any Agree- ,Ul '<,i5 v‘“;1 ment or Agreements for any Lenfe or Leafes at Rack or extended Rent or Rents, for any Terms or Number of Years now frtbfffting upon, or

affecting any of the Farms, Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements within the laid Parifh of Sbipdham; but that the fame (hall remain in full Force, for and during the Term and Terms of Years thereby granted, or therein expreffed ; and the Lcffee or Lcffees, Tenant Allotments or Tenants thereof, lhall accept, and take all fuch Part and Parts of the t0 m;'c*c faid intermixed Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds, as fhall be fet out or allotted to the Landlords or Owners of a„ additional fuch Farms, Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements refpedtively, Reau for or in lieu, or in refpedt of, and in Satisfadtion for the intermixed or other Lands, or for the Commonable Rights and Interefts appurtenant, appendant, or in any wife belonging to fuch Farms, Meffuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Tenements refpedtively, for and during all the Refidue of fuch Term and Terms of Years as are granted by, or expreffed in fuch Leafcs or Agreements refpedtively, fubjedt to the fame Covenants, Stipulations,

Conditions, Provisoes, and Agreements, as are contained in fuch Leafcs or Agreements refpedtively, or to fuch further or other Covenants and Stipulations as the faid CommiiTioners in refpedt of fuch Allotments of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds fhall, in and by the ir faid Award order, direct, and appoint; and in confiderafiou th- ' "of, the faid Leffees or Tenants refpedtively, and their refpedtive Ex-ee Adminiftrators, and Aftigns, ihall pay to fuch Lcffors or Land-lc and their refpedtive Heirs, Suoceifors, and Aftigns, who fhall from T. to Time be entitled to the fame, under or by virtue of fuch Leafcs ot Agreements, for and during the Refidue and Remainder of fuch Terms of Years refpedtively, fuch further Sum and Sums of Money, bv way of Addition to, and Incresfe of the annual Rents referred by fuch Leafes or Agreements refpedtively,1 as the faid Commiftioners fhall conftder and adjudge to be reafonable in that Behalf, and fhall in and by their faid Award, order and direct to be paid; and liich additional or increafcd Rents fhall be oaid at the fame Place, at the fame Times, and in the fame Manner and Proportions, and fhall be recoverable by the fame Ways and Means as the original Rents payable under and by virtue of the faid Leafes or Agreements reflectively is and are thereby referred and made payable, and as the fame is or are by Law recoverable.

XXXV. And be it further enafted, That where the Proprietor or Pro- Separate Al-prietors of any Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements within the faid Parifh of lotmenis to Shipdham, fhall hold their refpedtive Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements, by different Tenures, or for different Eftates, or in different Rights, or un(^r dfffrr-under different Titles, the faid Commiftioners fhall, upon the Requeft of cut Tides, fuch refpedtive Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, afeenain and diftinguifh the Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements held by each of fuch Tenures, for each of fuch Eftates, and under each of fuch Rights or Tides refpeclively, and fhall accordingly in their faid Award aflign and fet out diftinct and feveral Allotments of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds, for fuch refpedtive Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements; and in any Cafe where from want of nece lary Information [Ler. iff Per.2	13 M	before

1150

Dire&ion for charging Copyhold Lands with .Expences.

47" GE O RG11 III. SeflVs. Cap. 66.

before the faid Comniiflioners, or from any other Caufe, they /hall in their faid Award omit to difcriminate and diflinguiih fuch different Kights or Titles, different Eftutes and different Tenures, and after the making and executing fuch Award, requeft (hall be made to the faid Commiffioners by any Perion or Perfons interefted, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have fuch Omifficn fupplied by a feparate Inffrument, tiien and in every fuch Cafe, the faid Commiffioners arc hereby authorized to do, and caufe to be done, all fuch Afts, Matters, and Tilings as may he neceffary and proper to be done for the Purpofe of fupplying fuch Omiflion or Omiffions, and fo far as that Purpofe ihall require, to examine Witneffes, and in every other refpeft to proceed and aft as if the faid Award had not been made ; and when the faid Commiffioners /hall have obtained fuch Information as they fliall deem to be fufficient for the Purpofe, they are alfo hereby authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to afcertain and diffinguifli the Difference of fuch Tenures, Effaces, Rights, and Titles refpeftively, and accordingly to make di/finct and fevcral Allotments, in the fame Manner as is hereby required to be done where fuch Difcrimination /hould be made in and by the faid Award : and every fuch feparate Deed or Inffrument, duly executed by the faid Commiffioners, Ihall have the fame Force and Effect as if it were contained in the faid Award, and /hall be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons upon whofe Requeft the fame fliall have been made and executed, or to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Cuftody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premifes in Queftion /hall, in the Opinion of the faid Com-miffioners, moft properly belong for the Time being ; and all the Charges and Expences which Ihall be reafonably incurred in and about fuch Difcrimination and Diftingui/hment, and alfo in the preparing and executing any fuch fupplemental Deed or Inffrument, fliall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall requeft the faid Commiffioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Admini-ftrators; and in Cafe fuch Charges and Expences fhall not be fo paid upon Demand made thereof, the fame /hall and may be recovered and levied in tke fame Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, as the Cofts and Charges of obtaining and executing this Aft can or may be levied and recovered.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That when and fo often as it fliall be neceffary to charge any Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, within the faid Parilh of Sbipdham, or in any adjoining Pari/h or Parifhes which fliall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or of the faid recited Act, and which /hall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Cells, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and of executing this and the faid recited Aft, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements fhall be furrendered to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs or Aiftgns, according to the Cuftorn 'of the Manor or Manors whereof the fame Ihall be holden by Way of Mortgage, for fecuring fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and Intereft for the fame, inflead of being mortgaged and demifed to fuch Perl'on or Perfons, and his, her, or their Executors, Adminiflrators, and Afligns, for a Term of Years as mentioned and preferred in and by the faid recited Aft-

XXXVII. And

47° G E ORG11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 66.

XXXVII.	And whereas the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the f.iid Manors, oroffome other Manor or Manors within the Parilh of Shipdbam aforefaid, may be willing to manumife and enfranchife Mefiuages, Lands, or Tenements within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, held of the laid Manors refpectively by Copy of Court Roll, and alfo to rcleafe and extinguiffi all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Cuftoms, and Services which are or (hall be due and payable to them refpeSively, out of and for, or in relpect of fuch Copyhold MelTuages, Lands, or Tenements, and all Rents and Reliefs which are or (hall be due and payable to them refpeflively, out of and for, or in refpeft of any Freehold Hereditaments, within the faid Purifli of Shipdbam, on receiving an adequate Satisfaction and Com*-penlation for the fame ; and the feveral Owners and Proprietors of fuch Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments may be delirous of procuring fuch Manumilfion and Enfranchil'ement, Releafe and Extinguithment; be it therefore enacted, that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, with the Confent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of anv fuch Manor or Manors refpectively, and alfo with the Confent in Writing ot the Freehold or Copyhold Tenants thereof refpectively, or any of them, to affign, fet out, and allot unto fuch Lord or Lords, Lady cr Ladies refpectively, fuch MelTuages, Lands, or Tenements within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, as fnall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioners be a full Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Compenfation to fuch Lords or Ladies refpectively, for all Fines, Heriots, C hief Rents, Ouit Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms, and Services, which are or (hall be due and pavable to them refpectively, out of and for, and in refpect of any fuch Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, which (hall by any fuch Confent in Writing as aforefaid, be agreed to be releafed and extinguifhed, and all fuch Copyhold Hereditaments (hall, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, be held and enjoyed by the Perlon and Perfons entitled thereto, freed and dif-charged of and from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Ouit Rents, Cuftoms, and Services whatfoever now due and payable as aforefaid, and (hall pais by Deed or Will, and be defcendible as Freehold EHates of Inheritance ; and every fuch Enfranchil'ement of Copyhold or Cuftomary Mef-fuages, Lands, and Tenements, and every fuch Releafe and Extinguilh-ment of any Rents or Reliefs ifiuing out of any fuch Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, fhall be mentioned and deferibed in the faid Award : Provided always, that the Lands which (hall be affigned, fet out, and allotted to the faid Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of fuch Manor or Manors as laft aforefaid, (hall Hand limited and fettled, and (hall be vefted in and be held and enjoyed by him, her, or diem refpectively in fuch Manner, and to, for, and upon fuch Eftates, Ufes, Traits, Intents, and Purpofes, as the fame Manors refpectively (hall be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them refpectively, at the Time of making fuch Allotment or Allotments.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lords or Ladies of any of the faid Manor or Manors, or any other Manor or Manors within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the faid Award, in Coniideration of a competent Sum or Sums of Money, to contract and agree with all or any of the Proprietors or Owners of Mef-fuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the faid Parilh of Shipdbam, and

held

”5*

Power to enfranchise Copyhold*. with the Confent of the Lords ?nd Tenants, for Lands of equal Value.

Power to enfranchife Copyholds for an Equivalent In Money.

115 -	4/0EORGII III. ScU.<a, Cap. 66.

held of fuch Manors, or any of them, by Verge or Copy of Court Roll or othcrwife, for the abfojute and perpetual hiifrapchilunent of fuch Mefluages, Lands, or Tenement's, from the Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure whereby the fame are Ikld, and for the abfolute Purchafe, Redemption, and Difcharge of the annual or other Quit Rents or Fee Farm, or Free, or other Rents, Ileriots, Fines, and other Services ifluing out of, and due and payable fer and in refpect thereof, to fuch Lords or Ladies refpedively ; and fuch Agreements being reduced into Writing, and fignc-d and fealed by fuch Lords or Ladies, and by fuch Owners and Proprietors refpeclively, making and entering into fuch Comrads or Agreements, and being iu due Time certified and delivered to, and approved by the faid Commiffioners, fhall be inferted in their Award, at the Expence of the Perfon or Perfons defiling the fame to be fo inferted (fuch Expence to be afeertained by the faid Commifiioners, and paid to them, or to fuch Perfon as they fhall dired, and within fuch Time, and at fuch Place, and in fuch Manner as they lhall appoint) and luch Contrads or Agreements being fo made, figned, and feaied, and inferted in the faid Award, fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all Perfons concerned, for the Purpofes thereby intended ; and from and after the Execution of the faid Award, the feveral Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements, deferibed and fpecified in fuch Contrads and Agreements as fhall be fo made and inferted in the faid Award as aforefaid, fhall from thenceforth, for ever thereafter, be, continue, and remain enfranchifed, and fhall be exonerated, freed, releafed, and difeharged of and from the Copyhold or Cuftomary-hold, or other Tenure, whereby the fame had been previoufly held, and of and from all Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Free or other Rents, and of and froinl all Heriots, Fines, and other Services ifluing and payable out of, or for or in refpect of fuch Mefluages, Lands, or Tenements refpedively, which fhall be fpecified or mentioned in fuch Contracts and Agreements, and which were thereby meant and intended to be releafed, difeharged, and extinguifhed, and fuch Mdfuagts, Lands, and Tenements, fliall pafs by Deed or Will, and be defcendible as Freehold Eftates of ■Inheritance.

Pirefting the XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in mf'-llo™ v Cafes where the Contract or Agreement for fuch Enfranchifement, Repaid for furl/ leafe, Difcharge, and Extinguifhment fhall be made by any Lord or Lords Knfranchik- Lady or Ladies of fuch Manors refpedively who fhall be feized thereof or menu. entitled thereto, for Life or Lives, or in Fee Tail, general or fpecial, or for any other Efiate, or in any other Manner, than in Fee Simple in Pof-feflion, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commillioners to order and dired, that fuch Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this, and executing this and the faid recited Ad, as fhall be payable by fuch Lords or Ladies refpedively, fhall be defrayed by and out of the Monies due and payable by virtue of, or under fuch Contrads or Agreements refpedively, and the fame fhall be defrayed accordingly ; and in all Cafes where no fuch Order and Direction fliall be made by the faid Ccimmiffioners, or where any Surplus of fuch Monies fhall remain after fuch Order and Diredion of the faid Com, miiTioners fhall be obeyed and performed, all fuch Monies or remaining Surplus of fuch Monies, fhall be paid into the Bank of England, and otherwife laid out, invefled, and difpofed of, in the fame Manner in all 8	Refpeds

ri53

47* GEORGII III. Seff.i. t'eifM.

Refpefts as is provided, direfted, and prefcribed in and by the faid recited Aft, with refpeft to any Monies to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of my Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, in fuch Cafes where fuch Monies ought, according to the faid recited Act, to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as in the faid recited Aft is mentioned and fet forth, according to the true Intent and Meaning cf this and the faid recited Aft.

XL. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in cafe any of the faid Owners or Proprietors of Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the faid Pari fit of Shipdham, Hull be defirous that the fame or any Part thereof may be enfranchifed, and cannot come to an Agreement with the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors whereof the fame are held, as to the Price in Money, or Equivalent in Land, to be paid or given for fuch Enfranchifement, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the laid CommiiGoners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Application of any fuch Owners or Proprietors refpeftively, or of the Hufbands, Truf-tees, or Guardians, Committees or Attornies, of and for tiny fucli Owners and Proprietors being Femes Covert, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Incapacity or Difabiliiy, at any Time before the Execution of their faid Award, to declare any fuch Copyhold MftTuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements to be enfranchifed, and the Tenures by which the fame are holden, and the Fines, Heriots, and other Services incident thereto, to be difeharged and extinguifhed ; and to aflign and award to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of fuch Manor or Manors, any Sum of Money', or' fuch Compenfalion, by Part of fucii Copyhold ‘Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, or by Part and out of anv of the Lands hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, or by Part and out of arv other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of fuch Owners or Proprietors in the Parifh of Shipdham aforefaid, as {hail in the Judgement of the faid CommilTioners be an Equivalent and Salisfaftvn for the Fines, Heriots, Payments, Burthens, and Se. vices to which fuch Copyhold Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements refpeftively lhall have been iubjeft or liable; and fuch Declaration being made, and fuch Sum of Money, or other Compenfation in Land being paid or alligncd in Exchange for fuch Copyhold Tenure, previous to the Execution of the faid Award, and at fuch Time, and in fuch Manner as the faid Coni-miffioners lhall direft, the faid Ccmmiffioners fhall caufe the faid Declaration to be inferted in their faid Award, and thereupon the Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements, in every fuch Declaration comprzed, and thereby expreffed and intended to be enfranchifed. Trail be held, poffeffed, and enjoyed bv the Owners or Proprietors thereof paving or making fuch Compenfation in Money or Land, as and of Freehold Tenure, difeharged of the Tenure by Copy of Court Roll, and of all Fines, Rents, Services, and Duties incident to fuch Copyhold Tenure, to hold the fame to fuch Owners and Proprietors refpeftively for fuch and the fame Ufe and Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Elhte ar.d Eftates, and in fuch Manner as fuch Owners or Proprietors lhall refpeftively have, or be feized or poffeffed of, and in the fame Copyhold Hereditaments, at or immediately before the Execution of the faid Award : Provided always, that the Money fo to be [Lee. 6? Per.']	14	N	received.

Power to Commifion-ers to tnfranch ife Copy-hold.

1154-

Wills and Settlements not to be a Hefted.

For Inroll-ment of Award.

4-7* GEORG! I III. Sc£a. Cap. 66.

received, or the Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements fo to be affgned for the Enfranchifement of any Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements as laft aforefaid, fhall be respectively paid, fettled, affigned, and difpufed of in the fame Manner, and to, for, and upon the fame Ules, Intents, and Purpofes as is or are in this Aft preferibed, with refpeft to any Meffuages,, Lands, or Tenements to be affigned, fet out, and allotted to luch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or any Monies to be paid for the Enfranchifement of Copyhold Eftates within the laid Parifh of Shipdbam: Provided alfo, that all the Ccffs, Charges, and Expences incident to, or occafioned by anv fuch Enfranchifement of Copyhold Eftates, fhall be borne and paid by the Parties concerned or interefted therein in fuch Proportions, Manner and Form, and at fuch Time and Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffoners fhall appoint; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced by the fame Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this, and executing this and the faid recited Aft can or may be recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will, Settlement, or Surrender, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Eftate, Right, or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, within the faid Parim of Shipdbam, or out of, upon, or affefting any other Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in any adjoining Pariff or Panflies, which fhall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this, or the faid recited Aft j but that each and every Owner and Proprietor fhall Hand and be feized of his, her, and their faid Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements re-fpeftivelv, and of the Allotment and Allotments made in right or in refpeft thereof, and alfo of fuch other Meffuages, Cottages, Lands or Tenements as (hall be taken by him, her, or them in Exchange as aforefaid, to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Wills, Deeds, Surrenders, Limitations, Remainders, Powers, and Provifoes, Charges, Debts, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, whereof fuch Owners and Proprietors were refpeftively feized or poffeffed at or immediately before the Execution of the laid Award, or for which, or for or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be made, would have been fubjeft to, charged with, or affected by, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XL1I. And be it further enafted and declared, That within Six Calendar Months after the faid Commiflioners fhall have made and executed their Award, according to the Directions of the faid recited Aft, they fhall caufe the fame to be inrolled by or with the Clerk of the Peace for tlie faid County of Norfolk, to the end that Recourfe may be had thereto, by any Perfon or Perfons interefted therein, for the Inlpeftiou and Perufai whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more fhall be paid, and a Copy of the faid Award, or any Part thereof, figned by the faid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, certifying the fame to be a true Copy, fhall from Time to Time be made and delivered by the faid Clerk of the Peace, or

i*55

47° GEORG! I III, Seff.2. Cap. 66.

his Deputy, to nny Perfon requiring the fame, for which Copy no more (hall be paid than Four-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words; and the laid Award, and each Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, figned as aforefaid, fhail at all Times be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatfoever, as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, and'after fuch Inrolment thereof, the faid Award fhail be delivered to the faid George Marquis Town/henJ, or the Lord or Lady for the Time being, of the faid Manor of Sbipdbam, and the feveral Allotments, Partitions, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things contained in the faid Award, fhail be, and are hereby declared to be binding, final, and conclufive, upon all and every Perfon and Perfons interelted in the Premifes, and all Rights of Common of Pafture, and all other Commonable Rights and Interefts whatfoever, in, over, or upon all the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parilh of Sbipdbam, fhail, from and immediately after the Execution of the faid Award, ceafe, determine, and be for ever extinguilhed; and the fame Lapds and Grounds, fhail for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed in feveralty by the refpedive Owners and Proprietors thereof.

XLIIL And be it further enacted, That when the fa!J Commiilioners fhail have made and compleated the Diviiion, Allotments, an I Exchanges hereby, and by the faid recited Act directed and authorised to be made, they Ihall caufe a Map or Plan to be prepared and made on Vellum or Parchment, of all the Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, within the faid Parilh of Sbipdbam, diftinguilhing the Freehold from the Copyhold Parts thereof refpeetively, with thy Name or Names of the feveral Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom and in what right, or irt what refpeei fuch Meffuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds ihall refpeetively belong, together with the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, by Statute Meafure, of fuch Lands and Grounds refpeetively, and fuch Map or Plan fhail be fignsd by the faid Commiffioners, and depoiited in the Parifh Cheft in the Church of Sbipdbam aforefaid, there to be preferved and kept, to the End that all and every Perfon and Perfons interelted in the Premifes may from Time to Time, and at all reafonable Times, have Rccourfe thereto for the Purpofe of infpefeing the fame, and taking Copies or Extracts of any Part thereof; and fuch Map fo made and ligned by the faid Commiilioners, Ihall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, dcfciibed, and expreffed, in all Courts whatfoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Colts and Charges incident to, and attending the obtaining and palling this Act, and of lur-veymg, admeafuring, planning, and valuing the Meffuages, Lancs, and Tenements, within the faid Parilh of Sbipdbam, and of dividing and allot-ing the Lands and Grounds hereby, or by the faid recited Aft, authorized or directed to be divided and allotted, and of iuclofing and fencing the Allotments which may be fet out as publiek Watering Places, and for Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits, and of forming and making the publics Roads and Ways which ihall be fet out and appointed to be Lilt formed and made in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, or of this A St, and of preparing and inroliing the Award of the faid Commiffioners.

Map to be

made and dipofited in Church Cheit at Shipdham.

For defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft.

1156

Proprietors end Agents to pay their own £x-pences.

Commiflion-ers to lay their Accounts before jultices in every Year.

Money advanced by Proprietors to be repaid with Interelt.

47° GEORG! I *III. Sett i. Cap.66.

and all the Charges and Expcnees of the ftid Conimiffionofs, and their Afliflants and Servants, and all other necefiary Charges and Expences of the feveral Perfons employed by them in and about the Premifes, either before or after the Execution of the faid Award, and all other Expences of carrying this and the faid recited Act into Execution, fhalt be borne and paid by the feveral Perfon and Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments fliall be n.ade by virtue of the faid recited Act and this Aft, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and within fuch Time, and at fuch Place, and to fuch Per Ion or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fliall, in and by their faid Award, order, direct, and appoint, (fave and except the faid Truflees for the Poor and the laid Reitor of the faid Parifh of Shtpdhamx for or in refpect of any Allotment or Allotments which fliall be made to him in Right of' the faid Rectory; and alfo fave and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the faid Parifh of Shipdbam for the Time bein'?, for or in refpect of any Allotment or Allotments which may be made to them as aforefaid) ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodice Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fliall refufe or negled to pay his, her, or their Proportion of fuch Cofts, Charges,, and Expences as aforefaid, within the Time, and at the Flace, and to fuch Perfon or Per-lbns as the faid Commiflioners fliall, in Manner aforefaid, direct or appoint, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners fliall caufe the fame to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the faid recited Act.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fliall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them ft-JI attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be held for the Execution of the faid recited Ad, or of this Ad.

few.:	r<"

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That once at leaft in each and every Year, during the Execution of this Ad, (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commiflioners fliall, and they are hereby required to make a juft and true Account or Statement of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad; and fuch Account or Statement when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fliall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace ading in and for the faid County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fliall be by luch Juftice or Juftices ftated in the Book ot Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners ^ and no Charge or Item in fuch Account or Statement fliall be binding upon the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlcfs the fame fliall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Pcriorio interelled in tht Lands and-Grounds hereby direded to be divided arid allotted, or any other perfon -or Perfons jfliall advance and pay any Money in jjifeharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining this Ad, or of executing this. Ad and- the-faid recited Act, the Money lo paid and Am.	.v	advanced

1J57

47® GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.66.

advanced /hall be repaid and fatisfied by the Direction of the faid Gom« miflioners, together with lawful Intereft for the fame.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, lhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done, or omitted to be done by the faid Commiflioners in purfuance of this Aft, or of the faid recited Aft, or by any Rule, Order, or Determination made by the faid Commif-fioners previous to the Execution of the faid Award* (other than and except as to fuch Claims, Matters, and Things which are herein-before direfted or authorized to be afcertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdift of a Jury, or where by any of the Provifions or Claufes of the faid recited Aft, or of this Aft, the Determinations, Orders, Afts, or Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners are declared or direfted to be final and conclufive) then, and in every fuch Cafe, he, (he, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seflion of the Peace which lhall be holden for the faid County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commif-fioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, of fuch Appeal, and of the Caufe or Matter thereof; and the Judices (not intereded in the Premifes) in their faid General Quarter Seflion, are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order, and award fuch Coils and Damages, as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages, Cods, and Charges, which (hall be fo awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedufting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Didrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Judices (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-cefs whatfoever, into any of His Majedy’s Courts of Record at Wejl-mirfler, or elfewhere ; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Judices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without fuflicient Foundation, then the faid Judices may award fuch Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the faid Judices in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner as aforefaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this Aft contained, (hall prejudice, leflen, or defeat the Right, Title, or filtered of the Reftor of the faid Reftory of Shipdbam, or his Succefiors for the Time being, of, in, or to any Tithes, or Titheable Matters arifing, growing, renewing, or coming out of, or from, or payable in refpeft of any Lands or Tenements within the faid Parifh of Shipdbam, or any other Parifh or Place, Parilhes or Places adjoining thereto; nor (hall any Thing in this Aft contained prejudice, leflen, or defeat the Right, Title, or filtered of any Perfon or Perfons whiomfoever, to the Benefit of any Exemption from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, or to any Modus, Payment, or Compofition, due or payable for, or in lieu of, or in refpeft of fuch Tithes or Titheable Matters as aforefaid; but that fuch Tithes and Titheatle Matters (hall be payable and paid, and fuch Exemption or [Lee. Ss* Per A	13 0—P	Exemptions,

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Seflion;.

Rights to Tithes or Modufes not to be affected*

1158	47*	GEORGII	III.	Seff.2. Cap. 66.

Exemptions, Modus or Modufes, Payments, or Compofitions (if any fuch there be) (hall remain and continue at all Times hereafter in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this Aft and the faid recited Aft had not been made and palled, (fave and except only as to the faid Allotments for the Poor, and as to the faid feveral annual Payments to be made for the Term of Seven Years, in lieu of Tithes in Kind, for the laid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, in Manner herein-before prefcribed); and in cafe any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parilh of Sbipdham are exempted and difcharged by Law from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, then fuch Allotment or Allotments of the faid Commons, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, as fhall be afligned and fet out for and in refpeft of fuch Lands and Grounds, fhall be in like Manner freed, exempted, and difcharged of and from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, and fhall be fubjeft and liable only to the fame Modus, Compofition, or Payment, as was or were due and payable for the Lands and Grounds, in refpeft or in Right whereof fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be refpeftively made.

General	L. Saving always to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and

Saving. Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Body and bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft, (other than and except fuch as are meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, or extinguilhed by virtue of this Aft), as they and every of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Publick Aft. LI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft Ihall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed, Ihall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jufticcs, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

Ji

ANNO QU ADR AGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT. 2.

Cap 6 7.

An Act to amend Three A£is, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and Forty-fourth Years of His prefent Mftjefiy, for ere&ing a Court-houfe for the holding of Seffions of the Peace in the City of TVeJl-minfter.	[8th Auguji 1807.J

WHEREAS an Aft paffed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled " An Aft for erefting a Build- i8G.j.e.7», ,c ing for holding the Courts, and exercifing the Jurifdiftion “ of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in « Weftminfter, within the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and for hold-“ ins the Quarter SdTions of the Peace, and tranl'afting the other public “ Bufinefsot the faid City and Liberty, and for appropriating Part of the “ Surpluses of the Orphans’ Fund towards defraying the Expence thereof And whereas an Aft pafled in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled “ An Aft to amend an Aft made in the jgG.j.c.J*. “ Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for erefting a “ Building for holding the Courts and exercifing the Jurifdiftion of the “ Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Weft min-“ fter, and for holding the Quarter Sefllons of the Peace, and traniafting « the other public Bufinefs of the faid City and Liberty And whereas an Aft pafted in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled “ An Aft to amend two Afts made in the Eighteenth and ^G.j.c 61. “ Thirty- ninth Years of His prefent Majefty, for the erefting a Court-houfe [Lee. Per.]	13	/or

1166

Commif-f.ontrs may dilpofe of the Houles and Ground.

Sum to be expended in building Court-houfe.

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff. 2. Cap. 67.

“ for the holding of Stffions of the Peace in the City of Weftminfter, and “ for purchafing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret• *' ftreet, Union-fteeet, and King ftreet, in the Paid City, for theUfe of the “ Public And whereas the Commiffioners appointed by the faid Ads have, in purfuanre of the Diredions therein contained, purchafed the Site of Weftminfter Market, and certain Houfes and Buildings thereon, and have proceeded to ered the faid Court-houfe on part of the Site of the faid Market; but the fame is not yet completed: And whereas, there are now (landing on other Parts of the Site of the faid Market-place, feveral Houfes in leafe to Robert Alington Efquire and the Reverend Samuel Waring., in the Occupations of Robert Cuthbertfon and others, which are in a ruinous and dilapidated State, tind it is expedient thit fuch Houfes, and the Grounds whereon they (land fhould be fold, and that the faid Commif-lioners fhould be empowered to dtfpofe of the fame accordingly • And whereas by reafon of the unavoidable Delay that has taken Place in ered-ing, and fitting up the faid Court-Houfe, and of the great Increafe in the Price of building Materials, the Sum authoriftd to be railed for the Pur-chafe of, and in building and fitting up the fame, with necefiary Accommodations has been found inefficient for that Purpofe; and it is therefore expedient, that the faid Commiffioners fhould be authorized to raife a further Sum of Money ; and that the faid Ads fhould be altered, and amended, and additional Powers given to the Commiffion-eVs appointed to execute the fame, Be it therefore enaded by the King’* Moft Excellent Majeily, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prelent Parliament aflem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for thC Commiffioners under the faid recited Ads, or any Five of them, 2nd they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell, and convey to the Commiffioners appointed by an Ad pafied in the Forty-fixih Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An Ad for confoli-" dating and rendering more efFedual the feveral Ads for the Purchafe *< of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near " to Weftminfter Hall, and the two Houfes of Parliament,” or to any Three of them as therein mentioned, or to any other Perfon or Per-fons, all the Houfes and Buildings hereinbefore deferibed, and in the Occupation of the faid Robert Cuthbertfon, and others, and all the Ellate and Ir.tereft of the faid Commiffioners therein, and in the Grounds whereon fuch Houfes and Buildings (land, with the Yards and Appurtenances to the fame belonging, at fuch Price or Prices as the faid Com-miffioners, under the faid Ads for building the faid Court-houfe, or any Five of them (ball agree upon with the faid Commiffioners for executing the faid Ad, palled in the Fcrty-fixth Year aforefaid, or any other Perfon or Pcrl'ons as aforefaid, and that the Money arifing from the Sale of the faid Ground, Houfes, and Premifes, (hall, after deduding all the Colls, Charges, and Expcnces attending or anywile relating to fuch Sale, be paid to the Treafurer of the County Kates for the County of Middlefen, and be by him placed to the Credit of the faid Rates.

11.	And be it further en.ided, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Five of them, to expend in the building of the faid Court-houfe, and fitting up the fame, with necefiary Accommodations, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four thoul'and Pounds in addition to the Sum which the Commiffioners

weie,

1167

47° GEORGII III. ScfT. 2. Cap. 67.

were, by the faid Ails of the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His prefent M.ijefty, empowered to raife and expend for the Purpofes thereof.

III.	And be it further enabled, That all the Powers, Provilions, and Di- Emending reftions contained in the Paid Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Powers °fthe His prtfcnt Majefty, touching the railing, Payment and Security of the [^°er A^'° Sum of Six thoufand Pounds thereby authorized to be raifed, (hall extend to the additional Sum of Four thoufand Pounds, to be raifed by

virtue of this Aft, and- be in full force and effeft with refpeft to the faid additional Sum, in like Manner, as if all the fame Powers, Provifions, and Directions were herein repeated and re-enafted.

IV.	Andbeitfurtherenafted, That after the Paid Sum of Four thoufand Ccurt hnuf; Pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall be necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid, ws<.„ built,* (hall be raifed; and as foon as the faid Court-houfe (hall be built, fitted t° he under up, and properly accommodated, purfuant to the Directions of the faid D‘reii'on Afts of the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Drefent ofWeftmio-* Majefty, and the Site of the faid Market (hall have been conveyed to the iter.

Dean and Chapter of IVeftminfier, as direfted by the faid Aft made in the Eighteenth Year of His prcfent Majefty, all and every the Powers and Authorities given and created by the faid recited Afts touching the Direction, Control, and Management of the faid Court-Houle (hall ceafe and determine ; and the faid Court-houfe, and the Apartments and Offices thereto belonging, and the Materials of which the (arue (hall confift,

(hall thenceforth be under the foie Direftion and Management of the Juftices of the Peace for the Time being, of the City and Liberty of Wefi-minjier.

V.	And be it further enafted, That as foon as the faid Court-houfe (hall j0(i;ces of be built, fitted up, and accommodated as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for We drain Iter the Juftices of the Peace for the faid City and Liberty of IVeJhninJler, at any empowered Quarter Scffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid City and h,,e a Liberty, or the major Part of them there prefenr, from Time to Time, to •L^o-her**'* appoint a Ho u Tehee per, and fuch other Serv.anrs to refide in the Apart- Servants, to mcnis belonging to the faid Court-houfe, as they (hall think proper, and rf,<‘de 'a ‘from Time to Time, at their pieafuie, to remove any fuch Houfckecper, •'Pa:"?!nts or other Servanr, and appoint another in the Room of fuch of them as (hall chVcourf.** die or be removed, and to allow to fuch Houlckeeptr, and other Str- houfe. vai.ts, fuch Wages as they (hall think proper.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That as foon as the faid Court-houfe juflicesmay (hall be built, fitted up, and accommodated as aforefaid, it (hall be law- let Cellar* fill for the faid Juftices at any Quarter Scffions of the Peace, to be holden “"^Court-in and for the laid City and Liberty, or the major Part of them there huule' prcfent, from Time to Time to agree to let all or anv of the Cellars

under the laid Court-houfe, to any Perfon or Perfons as Tenants at Will, or fir any Term of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, in Pofleffion, at fuch Kent or Rents, and under and lubjeft to fuch Conditions, Reftric-tions, and Agreements as they (hall think proper, and from Time to Time by their Order to authorize, any Three or more of fuch Juftices to grant Ltafcs of all or any of the Cellars aforefaid, and that all Leaks which (hall be granted under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of fuch Juftices, to be named in any fuch Order, (hall be valid and efteftual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

VII. And

1168

47* GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 67.

Court-houfe VII. And be it further enacted, That when and fo foon as the faid Courf. 10 be repair- heufe fhall be built, fitted up, and accommodated as aforefaid, the fame UVu"	^rom	Ticr to Time, for ever after repaired, fupporttd, and main-

tices.	rained,	and	provided	with proper and neceffary Accommodations, by the

Order and Direction of the Juftices of the Peace for the faid City and Liberty, at anv Quarter SefTion of the Peace, to be holden in and for the faid City and Liberty, or of the major Part of them there prefent, and the Expence thereof, and all Taxes, Rates, and Affeflmcnts, payable for the faid Court-houfe, and all Wages of Servants employed in and about the fame, lhall be from Time to Time defrayed out of the Rent or Rents to be receiv-ed for the faid Cellars, and in cale fuch Rent or Rents lhall not be fufficient for the Purpoles aforefaid, or the faid Cellars lhall not be let, then the Deficiency of fuch Rents, or the Whole of the faid Expences, fhall from Time to Time be made good, or defrayed by Order of the Juftices of the Peace for the faid City and Liberty in Scffion affcmbled, out of the Money arifing horn the general County Rates and Affcffments, which lhall be laid, and affeffed in, and upon the City of Wefiminjier,'and County of Middlejex, by virtue of an Aft of Puliamcnt, mace in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majtfty, King George the Second, intituled, “ An Aft for the more eafy “ affefling, collecting, and levying of County Rates.”

Commiflion- VIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners, or any ersiop.y	Five of them, fhall, out of the Funds now in their Hands, cr to be

Expences.	received by them, under the faid recited Afts, or this Aft, in the firft

place pay the Expences of applying for and palling this Acl.

Limitation of IX. And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion or Suit (hall be com-Actions. menced againft any of the laid Commiffioners, or by or againft any Perlbn or Pcrfons afting by or under their Order or Authority for any thing done in purfuance of the faid recited Afts, or this Aft, fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be broughtand commenced within Three calendar Months after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and brought in the General	County of Middlesex, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defend-

llfue.	ants, in fuch Aftion or Suit, fhall and may plead the General Iffue, and give

this Aft and the Special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difeon-tinue fuch Aftion or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Culls, and have fuch Remedy for recovering luch Colts as any other Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Colts in any Cafe of Law.

Public Act. X. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and all Judges, Juftices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as fuch, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON:	Printed	by	George	Eyre	and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1807.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

SefT 2.

»***«*-*****»*■******•*******»*****»■*******•*■**

Cap. 68-

An Aft for repealing the feveral Afts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Wzjltninjler and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlefex, Surry,

Kent, and EJ[ex; and for making better Provihon for the fame.	[8th	Auguji	1807.]

WHEREAS the feveral Afts now in force and effect for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals brought by Sea into the Port of London, within the Cities of London and We/lminjier, and the Liberties thereof, and within fuch Parts of the Counties of Middlefex, Surry, Kent, and EJfex, as are fituate within the Di(lance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, in the City of London, have been found inefficient to prevent the Commiffion of Frauds and Impofitions in the Vend and Delivery of fuch Coals : And whereas it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purpofes intended by the faid Adis, if the fame were repealed, and further and better Provifions made for thofe Purpofes; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That fo much of an Aft, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Part of A5t Majefty King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Ad for the djjize of Fuel, 7 Edw 6 as directs, * That all Coals to be made and put to Sale in the Cities c*7* repealed. ‘ of London, TYeJlminfler, or in the Suburbs of the fame, after the laft Day [Loc. Sif Per. J	13 R	‘of

1 i 70

-Not to revise 34 and 35 13en. 8. c. 3.

Part of Aft 7 & 8 W. 3. c 36. repealed.

16 and 17 Cha. 1. c. 2.

t Will, and Mary, c. 7.

jMJ.j c.-o8. repealed.

470 GEORGi I 111. Scfl*.2. 6'^. 68.

‘ of September next coining, fhall keep the AUize hereafter expreiTed, that

*	is to wit, That every Sack of Coals contain Four Bufhels of good and ‘ clean Coals, upon Pain that every Marker and every Seller that fhall ‘ make any fuch Coals, and put the fame to fale, to forfeit for every Sack ‘ of Coals from henceforth put to fale lacking of the Affize aforefaid ‘ Three Shillings and Four-pence, and that this prefent Statute onlv, and

*	no other Statute of Aflize of Coals, fhall from henceforth hand in force

*	and take placeand fo much thereof as direfts, ‘ That from and after

*	the Firfl Day of May next coming, no Perfon or Perfons fhall buy any ‘ fuch Coals, but only fuch as will burn or confume the fame, or fuch ‘ Perfons as fhall fell the fame again, by Retail, to fuch as fhall burn or ‘ confume the fame for their own occupying, without Fraud or Covin,

*	or Wharfingers, or Bargemen, upon Pain to forfeit the Treble Value ‘ of all fuch Coals as fhall be otherwife bought for any Lucre or Gain;

‘ and that no Perfon or Perfons fhall alter any Mark or Allize of any ' of the faid Coals, marked or afiized according to this Statute, in Pain ‘ of like Forfeiture as is aforefaid fhall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes vvhatfoever : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend fo as to revive or to give any Force or Effect to an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years cf the Reign of His Majefty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, or direding. Of what Mcafure, Ajfize, and Scantling, Coals, Talwood, Faggots, and Billets, Jhall be, and the Forfeiture and Penalty of them that fhall not perform the fame,' or any of the Provifions therein contained; but fuch laft recited

Aft, and all and every the Claufes, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, fhall continue repealed, in fuch and the like Manner as if this prefent Aft had not been made, any Thing hcrein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted. That fo much of an Aft, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Re’gn of His Majefty King William the Third, intituled, An Ad for continuing feveral Ads of Parliament therein mentioned, as declares, that an Aft, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, int'tuled, An Ad for regulating the Meafures and Prices of Coals, (which Aft was revived and continued by an Aft made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An Ad for reviving a former Ad for regulating the Meafures and Prices of Coals, from the Firfl Day of December One tboufand fix hundred and ninety, for the Space of Seven Tears, and from thence to the End of the Firfl Sefton of Parliament then next following), fhall be made perpetual, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enafted. That Three feveral Afts, one made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An

Ad for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Ad of Parliament the fevered. Ads paffed for more effcdually preventing Frauds and Abufes committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Weflmiiifter, and that Tart of the Duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral Parifhes f Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and fuch Part of

the

vfouv f

47°'GEORGII III. Seflf.2. Cap.6 8.	1171

the Parifh of Saint Andrew, Holbom, as lies in the County of Middlefex; and another, made in the Thirty-fixch Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for father continuing and amending the fevered 36 G 3.0.61. Afts pa fed for preventing the Frauds and t.bufes committed in the Ad- reFca'e<h meafurement of Coals •within the City and Liberty of Wcftminfter, and that Part tif the Duchy of I.ancaller adjoining thereto, and the feveral Parifhes of Sdint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le Bone, and fuch Part of the Parijh of Saint Andrew, Hol'oorn, as lies in the County of Middlefex ; and the other made in rite Forty-fecor.d Year of the keigri of His prelent Majefty, intituled, An Aft to remove Doubts as to certain Ads relating to 42G.3.C.89. the Admeafuremer.t of Coals in the City and Liberty of Weft minder, and rcPea^* Parts adjacent, and to revive and continue an Ad, puffed in the Twe.,ty-fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, relating to the Admeafurement of Coals -within the Limits aftrefaid, and to indemnify all Perfons who have aded in purfuance of any of the Provifions of the faid Ad, ihall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be nuli and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfeever ; and that one other Aft, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign cf His prefent Majeftv, intituled, An Ad for i** G 3 c 56. continuing until the Firjl Day if June One thovfand eight hundred and twelve, repealed. and from thence to the End if the next Sef/son, an Ad, paffed in the Seventh Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to prevent Frauds and Abufts in the Admeafurement of Coals fold by Wharf Me afire, -within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Toner Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlelex, Ihall be and the fame is hereby repeal .d, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and alfo one other Aft, made in the Forfy-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeftv, intituled. An Ail for more effectually preventing of Frauds ^ O 3. and Abufes in the Admeafurement and Delivery*<f Coals within the feveral repealed. Parifhes lying between the Parifhes of Eghaii' and Rotherhithe, buth inciufrue, in the County of Surry, lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing herein contained Not to revive fhali extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to revive or to give any 26 G. 3 c. 14. Force or Effect to an Aft made in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majeftv,' intituled, An Ad to prevent Frauds and Abufes in the Admeafurement cf Coals fold by Wharf Meafure, within the fveral Parifhes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both innlufive, in the County of Sur: y ; but fuch laft recited Aft, and all and every* the t laufes, Powers, Provihons,

Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, fhali be and continue repealed, in fuch and the like Manner as if this Aft had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That Two other Afts, the one made in 43 G. 3. the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad e- rc' for ejlabilfhmg a Free Market in the City of Londoner the Sale of Coals, and peJ e

for preventing Frauds and Impcflions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein menti.ned,* and the other made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad, ^Gy.c.S*. made in the Forty-third Tear of His prefent Majejly, for ejlablijhing a Fret ttpcalwk Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for p> eventing 10	Frauds

1172

47° GEORGII' IIL Sell: 2. Cap. 68.

Frauds and Impofitiom in the Vend and Delivery cf all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned; {hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Coal Ex- VI. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the Piece or Parcel ti^T/vefted hi ^anc^> an^ t^le Buildings thereon erected, called The Coal Exchange, the Mayor,and Angular the Hereditaments and Appurtenances, which the &c ’ faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in purfuance of the faid recited ACts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, have purchafed or caufed to be pur-chafed, and have caufed Poffeflion to be taken thereof in the Name .of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Ihall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, for the Purpofe of holding a free, open, and public Market for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London, and for other the Purpofes of this ACt; and all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whofoever, are and is hereby declared to be and continue andlhall be and continue indemnified for and in refpeCtofall and every VerdiCt and VerdiCts, Order or Orders, Contract or Contrails, and all and every Ad or Ads which they or any of them {hall or may have lawfully made, executed, or done, or caufed to be made, executed, or done, under or by virtue or in purfuance of the faid recited Ads, or either of them, palled in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-lfanding.

Bonds and VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Conveyances Aflignments, Grants, Leafes, Conveyances, and other Securities, made under AAt	or granted to or by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic,

to be4+ood 3 Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomfoever, aCting by or under 0 e S the Authority of the faid recited Ads, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, lhall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for the feveral Purpofes of this ACt, as if the faid recited ACts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, had not been repealed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

Annuities granted by the Mayor, &c. to continue charged on the Duties to be collected by ^virtue of this A&.-

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That all and every Bond and Bonds, Note and Notes, and all and every other Security and Securities in Wriling, under the Common Seal of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, which lhall have been delivered under or in purfuance of the laid recited ACts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or cither of them, to any Perfon or Perfons, to fecure the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed from, and advanced or contraCled to be advanced by any fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council affembled, (hall be and continue in fuch and the like Force and Lffect, and fuch feveral Perfons who lhall have advanced, or {hall in purfuance of any fuch ContraCt advance, any fuch Monies, (hall, in refpeCt of the Sums lo re-fpeCtively advanced or to be advanced, be and continue entitled to fuch

Annuities’

1X73

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

Annuities at fuch Rates of Intereft as fhall have, in purfuance of fuch Acts or either of them, been made payable to any fuch Obligee or Obligees, as if fuch Afts tad not been repealed; and all fuch Annuities refpeftively fhall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be charged on all and every the Duty'or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, to be levied and collected by virtue of this Aft, and fiiall be and continue to be paid and payable out of all and every fuch Duty or Duties until Redemption thereof by Payment of fuch Principal Sums.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the faid Mayor, Notice to be Aldermen, and Commons, fiiall give, or caufe to be given. Six Calendar

Months Notice of their Intention to pay off any fuch Annuities which fhall noitie*.* have been fo granted under and by virtue of the faid recited Ails, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of tile Reign of His prefent Majeftv, or either of them, to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame may refpec-tively belong, at the End of which Six Calendar Months, upon Payment or Tender of the refpeftive Sums for which any fuch Annuity or Annuities may have been granted, to or for the Perfon or Perfons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain cf the faid City for the Time being, in the Guildhall of the fame Citv, the Annuity and Annuities payable to fuch Perfon and Perfons refpeftively fhall ceafe and determine, neverthelefs the Monies fo tendered fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons upon his or their Demand, and giving a Difcharge for the fame.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Bonds as fhall have been paid or given to fecure the Money to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Afts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majtfty, or either of them, which belonged to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft,

Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or Trullee, or for or on Behalf of any infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments were limited in ftrift cr other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any cither Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, and which fhall have been de-pofited in the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, fhall remain in the faid Bank of England until fuch Bonds refpeftively fhall be paid off by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; and the Lid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons fhall, and they are hereby required to pay off fuch Bonds refpeftively, in fuch Manner as if the Money fecured by fuch Bonds reflectively had been borrowed by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, by virtue of the faid recited Aft, made in the Forty-third Y ear of the Reign of His prefent Majeftv; and until fuch Bonds refpeftively fiiall be paid off, the Intereft thereof refpeftively fhall from l ime to Time be paid by Order ot the laid Court of Chancery to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents, Iffues, and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed as aforefaid; and when and as foon as any fuch Bond or Bonds fhall be paid off by the faid Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, then and in fuch Calc the Money ariling therefrom fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High

\JLoc. Ss* Per.}	i J S	Court

Application of Compcn-faiion when amounting to 2COl.

1174

Application where the Compenfa-tion (hall be lefts ’ban 200I. and exceed 20I.

47° GEORG 11 III. Scfl*. 2. Cap.6 S.

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the faid Mayor and Commonalty arid Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that fuch Morey ftvall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified upon an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the laid Court dial I authorize to be paid, alFedling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufcs, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Appointment of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like L'fes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purehafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or luch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effeft; and in the* mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated, or 1 hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, tire Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhai from l ime to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Money which fhall arife from paying off any fuch Bond which fhall have been fo given and de-pofited for fecuring the Payment of any Purchafe Money for any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fha 1, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons fo# the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid ifito the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herem-before dire tied, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like' Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Mayor for the Time being, fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that fuch Principal Money and Dividends ariling therefrom may.be applied in any Manner herein-

H75

47° GEO'RGII III. &#.?. ftS.65.

before direfted, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without, obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of t!ie Court of Chancery.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That where fuch Money, .Application which fhall arife from paying off any fuch Bend which Ihal! have been 1 V_e ^^ given to fccure any fuch Purchafe Money, fhall be lefs than Twenty tjian 2C|_ Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the iante fhall be applied to the Ufe ot

the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the "l ime being, have been entitled to the Rents at.d Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo purchafed, in fuch Manner as the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpectively.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fhall and may be law- Court of ful to and for the faid Court of Chancery, upon a Petition or Petitions to Chancfr'^ be preferred to the faid Court in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Per- ^ond? tube fons who (hall be entitled to the Principal Money fecured by fuch Bonds given up. refpeftivelv, his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to direct fuch Bonds refpeftively to be delivered to fuch

Perfon or Perfons, Guardian or Guardians, Committee oi Committees.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe ar.y Perfon or Perfons I" c".fc Title* to whom arty Sum or Sums of .Money fhall have been awarded for the Pur-

chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of the faid Money to be recited Aft of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, paid into the fhall have refufed to accept the fame, or lhail not; have been able to make Bank cf a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Mayor, Alder- England, men, and Commons, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall have been fo awarded as aforefaid, could not be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments were or -was not known or difeovered, and in cafe the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons fhall, in confequence thereof, and by virtue and in puvfuance of fuch Aft of the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, have ordered the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (deferibing them) fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, ot any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividend : thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Tile or 1 liter eft. eff, the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, an i to make fuch othet Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable.

XV.	Provided

1176

In cafe of a Doubt upon the Title the Intereft of the Money to be paid into the Bank (hall be paid to the Pc.fun who was in PolTifiioti of the Premifes when bought.

Court of Chancery may order Txprnce of Pucrhafes to be paid.

Entries under former Ails good.

470 GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap.68.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to the Purchafe Money fecured by any fuch Bond given and depofited in the Batik of England, or to the Intereft payable upon any fuch Bond, or to any Money paid into the faid Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid recited Afts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign ofllis pre-fent Majefty, or either of them, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eflate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchafed in purfuance of fuch Adis, or either of them, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any luch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Poflefiion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflefiion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to fuch Pof-feffion, until the contrary fhall be {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Intereft due upon any fuch Bond, and alfo any fuch Bond, or the Principal Sum due thereon, and the Dividends or Intereft of any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money arifing from the paying off of any fuch Bond or otherwife, p id into the faid Bank, and atfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, uniefs it fhall be made appear to the fatd Court that luch Poflefiion was a wrongful Pofleffi >n, an-i that fome other Perfon or Perfons ivas or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eflate or Intereft therein.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, the Purchafe Money for the fame, or the Bond for fuch Purchafe Money, fhall have been required to be paid into or depofited in the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purluance of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes made in purfuance of the faid recited Afts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty refpectively, or fo much of fuch Expences as the laid Court fhall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, out of the Monies received by virtue of the faid recited Afts made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty refpeftively, or to be received by virtue of this Aft, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money accordingly, for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings fhall have been made by any Perfon or Perfons acting by and under the Authority of the faid recited Afts, made in the Forty-thiid and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of

11	them

“77

47° GE O R G11 III. ScfT.2. Cap. 68.

them (fuch Entry or Entries being made in fuch Book or Books, according to the Direftions of, and made Evidence by, fuch Two lad-mentioned Afts, or One of them) (hall be and be deemed to be good and fufficient Evidence of fuch Proceedings in any Court whatfoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That there (hall be and continue to Co»l Elbe at all Times hereafter, at or upon the faid Coal Exchange and Heredi- jje^nopea taments, a free, open, and public Market, for the Sale of Coals brought Market! into the Pott of London.

XlXi And be it further declared and enafted, That fuch Market (hall Market be and continue to be holden on every Monday, Wedncfday, and Friday Days, in the Week, in each and every Year, (Good Friday, Cbrijlmas Day, and Fad Days by Proclamation, only excepted) from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in each and every Day; and that it (hall be lawful to and for the laid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to continue and retain the prefent Clerk or Clerks, and other Officer or Officers, to fuch Market, with fuch Salary or Salaries for his or their Trouble and Attendance there, as to the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, (hall feem jud: and reafonable, and from Time to Time Clerk and to remove or difplace him or them, and to nominate and appoint other °®c'ri l° Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers, in his or their Stead.	nominate

XX.	And be it further enafted, That for the Purpofe of defraying Duty on the feverai Charges and Expences for eftablilhing and holding fuch Coals, Cin-Market, and of the Purchafe of the faid Lands, Buildings, and Heredi-taments, called The Coal Exchange, and fuch other Lands, Tenements, U m' and Hereditaments, purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and for erecting, maintaining, and fupporting convenient Buildings thereon, and (ordefraying the Salaries and Allowances of the feverai Cierks and other Perfons employed in the Execution of this Aft, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of earn ing the fame into Execution, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Mafter of a Ship or Veffel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or other Perfon having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings jvithin any Part of the Port of Lond'.n, at or to the Weftward of Gravefend, the Sum of One Penny per Chaldron, (or Ton, in cafe the fame (hall be fold by Weight) and no more, for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, or Culm, contained in fuch Ship or other Veftel; and fuch Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of all fuch Coals, Cinders, and Culm, (hall and may be collefted, levied, recovered, and paid in fuch and the like Manner, and by, with, and under fuch Powers, Authorities, and Provifions, as any other Duty or Duties, or Impofition 01 Impofitions, on Coals, now' payabie to the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, or to the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the faid City of London, is cr are, or may be collefted, levied, recovered, and paid refpeftively, and fuch Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, when fo paid for any fuch [Lee. if Per.]	13	T	Coals,

1178

Duty to be reduced whe.i more than fufluient for the Purpose* of this

a&.

Duty on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, charg* cd with the Annuities granted by the Afts 43 and 44 G.3.

What fhall be deemed a Ton.

Mailers of Ships to give an Account of the C^ais in their bhips i

470 G E O R G11 III. Sell. 2. Cap. 68.

Coals, fliall be charged to the Purchafer of the Coals, bdides and in Addition to the Charges and Expences of the Mctage of fuch Coals.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Coifs, Charges, and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and palling this Aft, fliall be paid and difeharged by and out of the IVloney to be received by virtue of this Act, and when and as foon as fuch Coils, Charges, and Expences, and the Coils, Charges, and Expences of purchafing the fcve-ral Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for the faid Marker, and of making any Buildings, Erections, and other Conveniences thereto, and the-Money borrowed or raifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majeily refpeftively, and the Intereif thereof, fhall hare been paid off and difeharged, and the faid Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, fhall be more than luificient for maintaining, repairing, and l'upporting the faid Market, and of the feveral Buildings, Erections, and Conveniences thereto, and for paying the laid feveral Annuities granted by virtue of fuch Afts refpeftively, and the Salaries and cither Payments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Perfons employed in the Execution of this Aft,'and for defraying the feveral other Charges and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons fliall, and they are hereby required to reduce fuch Duty to fuch Sum of Money as fliall be fufticient for fuch feveral Purpofes ; and it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, Aldermen, ami Commons, again to raKe fuch Duty to any Sum not exceeding the Sum granted by this Aft, when and fo often as it fhall be necefiary for the Purpofes thereof; and Inch Duty, when fo reduced or again raifed, fhall be collefted, levied, and recovered in fuch and the fame Manner as tne Duty granted or continued by this Aft can or may be collefted, levied, and recovered.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Duty or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, granted or continued and made payable by this Aft, fliall be and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which fliall be payable in refpeft of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed and raifed under or by virtue of the had recited Afts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His- prefent Majeily refpeftively, for the Purpofes of thofe Afts refpeftively.

XXIII.	And whereas certain Coals coming from Scotland other Places have been and arc ufually fold by Weight; be it therefore drafted. That for the Purpofe of afeertaining the Weight of ludi Coals ufually fold by Weight, One hundred and twelve. Pounds Avoirdupois Weight fliall be deemed and taken to be One Hundred Weight, and Twenty Hundred fliall be deemed anti taken to be One don.

. XXI V. And be it further enafted. That each and every Mrilerof a Ship or Veifel laden with Coals, or other Perlon having the Care r.tid Command thereof, lhall, and he is hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours after his Ship or other Veifel lhall have arrived at or to the Wcftu'ard of Bhick-va/1, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the faid Port of • '-at	--a	London*



1179

*,

It

I

V

if

?!

ft

•*1

a

IS

d

a,

IS

d

s

uA

;if

'

47° GEORGII III. Sell*. 2. Cdp.6%.

London, at or to the Wefhvard of Graveftnd, and not before, to deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the Clerk of the laid Market, or other Officer appointed to receive the fame, at his Office in the Place appointed for holding fuch Market, a true and perfect Copy of the Certificate or Certificates directed to be given by every Fitter or other Perfon vending or delivering Coals to each and every Mailer of a Ship or Velfel on board of which fuch Fitter or other Perfon vending or delivering Coals lhall have loaded any Coals, in purfuance of an Aft made in the Ninth Y ear of the Reign of Queen Ann;, intituled, An Ad to dijfolve the prefent, and prevent the future Combinations of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Majlers of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade ; and if fiich Ship or Velfel fhall not come from any Port or Place, where, by the faid Aft, fuch Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, then and in fuch Cafe each and every Mailer of fuch Ship or Velfel, having the Care or Command thereof, fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered an Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Defcription or Defcrip-tions of the Coals on board of fuch his Ship or Velfel to the Clerk or other Officer of the faid Market; and in cafe it lhall happen that fuch Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates lhall at any Time be accidentally loll, or in cafe any fuch Ship or Velfel lhall have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and fhall afterwards change her Deltination, and arrive or come to her Moorings as aforefaid, without any fuch Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates having been obtained or provided, then and in either of fuch lalt-mentioned Cafes, each and every fuch Mailer of fuch Ship or Velfel fhall deliver or caufe to be delivered a like Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Defcription or Defcriptions of the Coals on beard of fuch his Ship or Velfel, to fuch Clerk, or other Officer of the faid Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany fuch Account, and to be lworn by fuch Mailer before any of His Majelly’s Juftice or Juilices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the fame lhall be fworn (and which Oath any fuch Juftice or Juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter) in which Affidavit fuch Mailer lhall ftate and verify fuch Circutnllances either of the accidental Lofs of any fuch Certificate, or of any fuch Ship having been originally entered outwards, and having afterwards changed her Dellination, and arrived as aforefaid, without any fuch Certificate having been obtained or provided (as the Cafe may be) ; and fuch Clerk or other Officer is herebv required to receive and register fuch Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits, accompanying any fuch Account or Accounts as aforefaid, upon Payment or Tender 6Y the Sum herein direfted to be demanded and taken by the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for every Chaldron (or Ton of Coals, in cafe the fame lhall be fold by Weight) contained in fuch Ship or other Velfel, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe; and if any fuch Mailer of any fuch Ship or other Velfel, or other Perfon-. having the Care or Command thereof as aforefaid, lhall refufe or negleft to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, in Manner aforefaid, within Twenty-four Hours after fuch Ship or other Velfel lhall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforefaid, a true and perfsft Copy of fuch Certificate or Certificates, or fuch true Account as aforefaid, where any fuch Ship or other Veil'd lhall not come from any Port or Place where by the faid Aft fuch Certificates are required to be given, or a like true Account, together with 3	.	fuch

Clerk of the Market to regilter the fame.

I

1180

Penalty for delivering fa He .Accounts or making falfe Entries.

The fa id Ac counts to be sftn'td in the Market.

Coals to be fold in the Market and during Market Hours, ike.

4^:G.ErORGII III; SdT. 2C Cap. 68.

fuch Affidavit tacedmpariying the fame as aforefaid, in cafe either of any fuch accidental Dofi of attyffnch Certificate aS aforefaid, or of any fuch Change irttheifellinatibn of any fuoh Ship or1 Veffel originally loaded or entered for Exportation without any fuch Certificate having been obtained or provided as aforefaid ; or if any fuch Mailer of any fuch Ship or Veffel, or other 1'erfon, having the Care or Command thereof, fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, any fuch Copy of fuch Certificate, or Certificates, or any fuch Account or Accounts, or any fuch Affidavit or Affidavits as aforefaid, before fuch Ship or other Veffel fhall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly and wilfully deliver in any falfe or inaccurate Account of the Quantity, or Name or Names, Defcription or Delcriptions of the Coals in fuch Ship, or other Veffel, every fuch Mailer or other Perfon having the Care or Command of fuch Veffel fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any fuch Clerk or other Officer lhall refitfe or negledt to receive and regilter any fuch Copy or Copies of fuch Certificate or Certificates, or any fuch Account or Accounts, Or any fuch Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying any fuch Account or Accounts as aforefaid, upon Payment or 'lender of fuch Sum as aforefaid, or flialf make any fuch Regiltry, knowing that fuch Ship or other Veffel had not arrived or come to her Moorings as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Clerk fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That the Clerk of fuch Market fhall,

and he is hereby required, previous to the Opening of the Market next after the Receipt of the Copy of fuch Certificate or Certificates, or of any fuch Account or Accounts as aforefaid, to fix up in fome confpicuous Part or Parts within the faid Market, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words “ For Sale” expreffed therein ; and in cafe any Copy or Copies of fuch Certificate or Certificates, or any fuch Account or Accounts as aforefaid lhall be received by fuch Clerk during the Hours of holding luch Market, and before One Hour previous to the Clofe thereof, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Clerk lhall, and he is hereby required to fix up in Manner aforefaid, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words “ For Sale” expreffed thereon ; and if fuch Clerk lhall refufe or neglect to fix up fuch Copy or Copies in' Manner aforefaid, or within the l ime aforefaid, fuch Cierk fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding. Twenty Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enaited. That if any Owner or Mafter of any Ship, or other Veffel, laden with Coals to be unloaden in any Part of the faid Port of London, at or to the Weft ward of Gravefind aforefaid, or other Perfon or Perfons whofoever, lhall fell or difpofe of any Coals contained in any luch Ship, or other Veffel, or lhall agree or contract for the Sale of any fuch Coals contained in any fuch Ship, or other Veflel, before fuch Copy or Copies of fuch Certificate or Certificate-, or fnch Account or Accounts as aforefaid, lhall have been fixed up inffuch Market in Manner aforefaid, or if the faid Coals fliali be fold in any other Place or Places than in'the faid Market, or on any other Days, or -within any other I fours than thofe appointed for holding the lame, then and in every l'ficb Chffr,‘-dVcfy- fuch Sale, Pt’.rchafc, Contract,- or Agreement for Sale

118r

47“ G E O R G11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 6S.

or Purchafe, (hall be, and the fame is aud are hereby declared to be, null md void, to all Interns-and Purpofes whatfoever, and the feveral Perfon oa Perfons fo offending fhall, for ever)- fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That when any Ship or Coals loadc3 Veffel, laden with Coals, lhall have arrived at or to the Weflward of Black- *" board *ny wail, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the faid Port of ship for Go-London, at or to the Weflward of Gravefend, which Ship or Veffel fhall vernment, have been loaded or freighted for or on the Account of Government, who J" V f>e un-fhall have purchafed the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any fuch Ship or Veffel, at the Port where fuch Ship or Veffel fhall have been without btfng fo loaded or freighted, then and in every fuch Cafe, if the Mailer or other put up to Sale Perfon having the Care or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, fhall within '"^Market Twenty-four Hours after fuch Sliip or Veffel fhall have arrived or come to Ma|je' her Moorings as aforefaid, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the Clerk or firit fend to other Officer of the faid Market, a true Copy of the Fitter’s Certificate of 'he Clok of the Coals contained in fuch Ship or Veffel, or in cafe it fhall happen that j!?' ^ jf'1 * fuch Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates fhall have been accidentally lpfl, or Fi°uer°Cewi-in cafe fuch Ship or Veffel fhall not come from any Port or Place where by ficate, toge-the faid recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, tier with an fuch Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, the Mafler or other Perfon having the Care or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel fhall, coals’to have within the Time aforefaid, deliver or caufe to be delivered an Account of becufoload-the Quantity and Name or Names, or Defcripdon or Defcriptions of the ed and Coals on board of fuch his Ship or Veffel, to fuch Clerk or other Officer fwightea. of the faid Market; and to every fuch Certificate and Account an Affidavit fhall be annexed and delivered therewith, which Affidavit fhall have been fwom by fuch Mailer, or by fuch other Perfon having the Care or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, before any One or more of His Majefly’s juflices acting for the Counties of Middlefex or Surrey, or City of London,

(and which Oath any fuch Juftice is hereby authorized to adminifler), and in fuch Affidavit fuch Mafler, or other Perfon having the Care or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, fhall verify fuch Copy of fuch Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts as aforefaid, and fhall alfo fet forih and verify fuch Circumflances oi fuch Ship or Veffel having been fo loaded or freighted as aforefaid, and alfo fuch Circumflances of any accidental Lofs which may have happened of any fuch Certificate or Certificates, it fhall and may be lawful to unload and deliver fuch Ship or Veffel, for or on Account of Government, without the Copy of the faid Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, being fixed up in the faid Market, or the faid Coals being in any Manner expofed, or fubjedt to be expofed, or put up for Sale in the faid Market, and no Perfon or Perfons whofoever fliall (provided fuch Mafler or other Perfon having the Care or Command of any fuch Ship or Veffel, fhall have delivered fuch Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, and have made fuch Affidavit, and delivered the fame in Manner aforefaid) be fubjedl or liable to any Penalty' or Penalties whjtfoever lor or in refpecl of fuch Copy of fuch Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, not Joeing fixed up in the faid Market, or for or in refpecl of the Coals contained in any fuch Ship or Veffel not being expofed or put up for Sale, or fold in fuch Market, or be fubjedl or liable to any other Penalty or Penalties whatfoever for or in refpecl of the Coals contained in any fuch Ship or Veffel being unloaded or delivered in [Loc. tsf Per.]	13	U	Manner

ti8i

470 G E O R G11 III. SefT.2. Cap. 68.

Manner aforefaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

Repealing; XXVIU. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Opening of the faid certain Parts Market for the Sale of Coals, and to the preventing of Monopolies, if ofjG.a.c.zd. certain Parts of Two feveral Afts, made in the Third and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, were repealed ; be it therefore enacted, That fo much of the Aft, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Ail for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, as direfts, 4 That all Bargains or Contrafts for Coals ‘ between Buyer and Seller, at the Market of Billingfgate, or other

*	Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, fhall, by the Crimp or Faftor

*	who had the Difpofal of fuch Coals, be fairly entered, with the Condi-

*	tions thereof, in the Pocket or other Book of Inch Crimp or Faftor, f ib-

*	feribed by the Seller and the Buyer, and witnefled by the faid Crimp or

*	Faftor, of which Bargain or Contraft the faid Crimp or Faftor (hall at e tile fame Time deliver, gratis, a Copy by him attefled to the Seller and 4 Buyer refpeftively; and the faid Entries, fo made and fubferibed, and

*	the laid Copies, fo given and attefled, fhall be admitted as Evidence on

*	Trials in any Court of Law whatfoever ; and if any Crimp or Faftor fliall

*	ncglcft orrefule to enter fuch Bargain or Contraft, and to fubferileand

*	attefl the fame, or fliall refufe to give Copies thereof as aforefaid, he fhall,

*	for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds;’ and fo' much thereof as direfts, 4 That all Lightermen, and other Buyers of or 4 Contractors for Coals, on board of any Ship or Veffel in the Port of Lon-4 don, fhall, at the Time of the Delivery of fuch Coals, either pay for the

*	fame in Ready Money, or for fuch Part thereof as fhall not be fo paid

*	for, fliall give their refpeftive Promiffory Note or Notes of their

*	Hands for Payment thereof, exprefling therein the Words * Value

*	received in Coals,’ payable at fuch Day or Days, Time or Times,

*	as fhall for that Purpofe be agreed upon between fuch Lighter-

*	man, or other Buyer of or Contraftor for Coals, and the Mafier or

*	Owner of fuch Ship or Veffel, or his Agent or Faftor on his Behalf;

*	and that all fuch Notes, in cafe of Non-payment at the refpeftive Days « and Times therein mentioned, fhall and may be protefled or noted in

*	fuch Manner as Inland Bills of Exchange may now be, and in Default 4 of fuch Protefling or Noting by any Indorfee, and Notice thereof given 4 by fuch Indorfee to the refpeftive lndorfor or Tndorfors, within Twenty 4 Days after fuch Failure of Payment, fuch refpeftive lndorfor or In*

4 dorfors, to whom fuch Notice fhall not be given, fhall not be chargeable 4 with or liable to anfwer or pay fuch Sum of Money as fliall be men-4 tioned to be payable in or by fuch Note or Notes, or any Part thereof;’ and fo much thereof as direfts, 4 That all fuch Lightermen, or other 4 Buyers of or C-ontraftors for Coals, who fliall refufe to give their Note 4 or Notes for Coals to them refpeftively delivered, and fhall refufe to 4 infertthe (aid Words 4 Value received in Coals,’ and every fuch Mafier 4 who fliall take any fuch Note from any Dealer in Coals, in which Note 4 the Words 4 Value received in Coals’ are not exprefsly inferted, fuch ‘ Lightermen, Buyers of or Contraftors for Coals, and Mailers, fliall,

‘ for every fuch Refufal, or Acceptance, refpeftively forfeit and pay the 4 Sum of One hundred Pounds,’ fliall be, and ttie fame is and are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and

and ofxiG.i. puriM)fes whatfoever : And fo much of an-Aft made in the Eleventh Year C. IJ.	•	*	- - -	w	•	*	'	•	_	of

47*GEORGII III, SefT. 2. Cap. 68*.

of the Reign of King George the Second, intitu!ad. An Ad to empower the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to Jet the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from Newcaftle, and the Ports adjacent thereto, for the Space of One Tear; and to oblige, for the Term therein mentioned. Fitters and others vending and loading Ships with Sea Coals at Newcaftle, and the Ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver fuch Coals to any Majlcrs of Ships applying for the fame; and for further obliging Buyers and Sellers of Sea Coals at Bidingfgate, or other Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality, to fgn their Contracts for Coals, and for the Admeafurement of all Carriages whatfoever ufed in loading Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcaftle, and Members thereunto be-Imping, as dir ils, ‘ That if any Boyer or Seller of Coa’s at Billingfgate, or 6 other Plac s of Sale within theBills of Mortality,being thereunto required,

4 ihall reful'e or ncglett to fign the Contracts in luck Manner as by the-* faid racked Adi is directed, that then and in fuch Cafe every fuch ‘ Buyer and Seiler r-. (peclively, fo refufing or neglecting, fhall, for every ‘ fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to , 4 His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to fuch ‘ Perfon orPerfons as (hall fue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts ‘ of Record at Wejlminjlcr, within the Space of Six Months after fuch ‘ Offence committedand fo much thereof as directs, 4 That every 4 Mafler of a Ship carrying Coals as aforefaid, (hall, after every refpective 4 Voyage made by him, produce to his Owner or Owners (when required)

4 a Copy of fuch Contract or Contrail?, figned by the Crimp or Factor i»

4 whofe Book the faid Contrail is or (hall be entered as aforefaid, and in 4 cafe of Refufal, fuch Mafter fo refufing (hall forfeit and pay the Sum 4 of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and dil'pofed of as aforefaid,’ fkall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to ail Intents and Purpcfes whatfoever.

XXIX. And be it further enailed, That all Bargains or Contrails for Coals between Buyer or Buyers and Seller or Sellers (hall, by the Crimp, Factoi, or other Perfon having the Difpofal cf fuch Coals (in cafe any fuch Crimp, Failor, or other Perfon, (hall be employed for the Difpofal of fuch Coals) be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, and Price cf fuch Coals, in a Book to be kept by fuch Crimp, or Factor, or other Perfon as aforefaid, fubferibed by fuch Buyer or Buyers, and by the faid Crimp or Failur, or other Perfon as aforefaid, not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at full Length,^ of which Bargain or Contrail fuch Crimp or Failor, or other Perfon as aforefaid, (hail at the fame Time deliver gratis a Copy by liim attefted to the Seder or Sellers and Buyer or Buyers refpeitively (in cafe, but not ctherwife, of fuch Buyer or Buyers or Seller or Sellers refpeitively demanding fuch Copy) and a true and perfeit Copy of fuch Bargain or Contrail, and the Price of fuch Coals, fhall be delivered by fuch Crimp or Factor to the Clerk of the faid Market, within One Hour after the Clofe of the Market on that Day ; and every fuch Copy (hall be by fuch Clerk entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe; and every fufch Book (hall be open for the Perufal or Infpeftion of any Perfon or Per-fons whomfoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during the Hours fuch Market (hall be open ; and if any fuch Buyer or Buyers (hall fubferibe his or their Name or Names to any fuch Bargain or Contrail in fuch Failor’s

Books,.

1183.

Sales of Coals to b? entered with the Clerk of the Market.

ii 84	47°	GEORG!	I	III. ScfT.2. Cap. 68.

Book, otherwife than in Manner aforefaid, or if any Crimp or Fador, or other Perfon, hav;ng the Dffpofal of fuch Coals as aforefaid, fhall negled or refute to en.er fuch Bargain or Contrad, or the Price of fuch Coals, fairly, act irately, and honeftly, without Fraud or Covin, or to fubfcribe the fame, or fhall negled or refufe to give Copies thereof in Manner or within the Time aforefaid, or if any fuch Clerk fhall refufe or neglecl to enter fuch Contrail or Bargain, or the Price of fuch Coals as aforefaid, in fuch Book or Books in Manner aforefaid, or fhall not permit the Perufal or Infpedion thereof to any Perfon or Perfons whonifo-ever, during fuch Hours as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and Perfons m*y pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons cdal^witho^"	^ his, or her, or the’r Coals, which it fhall and may be lawful to

thcYn'men- atl<* *or huch Perfon or Perfons to do, without the Intervention of fuch tion ofa	Crimp, Fador, or other Perfon as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe every

Fadoi.	fuch Sale, Bargain, or Contract for the Purchafe of Coals, with the Con-

ditions thereof and the Price of fuch Coals, fhall be fairly written on Paper, and fhall be figned by the Seller or Sellers, and Buyer or Buyers, with their refpedive Names written at full Length, and fuch Paper, when fo figned, or a true and perfed Copy thereof, fhall be deliv red by fuch Seller or Sellers to the Clerk of fuch Market within One Hour after the Clofe of the Market on that Day, and fuch Clerk fhall, and he is hereby required to enter fuch Paper, or fuch Copy thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for fuch Purpofe, which Book or Books fhall be open for the Infpedion and Perufal of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during fuch Hours as fuch Market fhall be open ; and if any fuch Buyer or Seller fhall fign or fubfcribe his or their Name or Names to any fuch Bargain or Contrad otherwife than in Manner aforefaid, or if any fuch Seller or Sellers fhall refufe or negled to enter fuch Bargain or Contrad with fuch Clerk, in Manner or within the Time aforefaid, or if any fuch Clerk fhall refufe or negled to enter any fuch Bargain er Contrad in fuch Book or Books in Manner aforefaid, or fhall not permit the Infpedion and Perufal thereof to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoevi_r on Demand, during fuch Hours as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor.lei's than Twenty Pounds; and if any Buyer or Buyers, or other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, fhall demand, take, or receive any Abatement, Dedudion, or Allowance (by whatever Name or by whatever Means fuch Abatement, Dedudion, or Allowance fhall be called or made) from the Price fo delivered to or entered with the Clerk of fuch Market, or fhall pradife or make ufe of any Art, Covin, or Device, fo as to obtain any fuch Abatement, Dedudion, or Allowance from the Price fo delivered to and entered with the Clerk of fuch Market, or if any ShipOwner, Crimp, Fador, Vender or Seller of Coals, or any Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, fhall give, grant, or allow any Abatement, Dedudion, or Allowance from the Price fo delivered to and entered with the Clerk of fuch Market (by whatever Name or by whatever Means fuch Abatement, Dedudion, or Allowance fhall be called or made), fo that the full Price fo delivered to and entered with the Clerk of fuch Market, fhall no: be received for fuch Coals by fuch Vender or Seller, then and in every fuch CrJc, every fuch Buyer, Ship Owner, Crimp, Fador, Vender, Seiier, and other Perfons fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor lets than

Twenty

1185

47° GEORG 11 III. SeiT. 2.	C^. 6S.

Twenty PoOrids : Provided always, riralihe Ccmmilfion to any Crimp, or F'K&oS',	Pcivttfl	Coal-,	and	die	uiqaj.- Ojf-

•	count and Nto a.e	IV^wSf^b'ali'qpi	J>my>r	te	decntqd-.jo

I ................................... ■•■.	.	frflga	fuch	Price as

aforeleiJ.	i.oibiw	-	■	*

o» •.'"‘••bi to	Jtin\ -jo .a.r •'	1 ejrrw	c

XXX.	Provided nrvert^.eJefs and.be it further enacledj .Tint uhjejpany Perfon fbaifl on his o»« 'Account, or oi) ijbfi.-Account -of.him&lf and any

. Copartner dr Copartners, buy, or ,entvr any Larg.dn or Coat rad fpr the Purelrafe of Goals in ihe laid Market, -or jjiail..enter;imo' any Agreement reipeding the Terms fo which acy .-'Cargo, of GofJgfeld in .Sharea-in the faid Market is take delivered, .then if luch Perfoa do buying,, contracting, or agreeing, JhaiJ, at ibrne Time previous.ioLuch buying, contracting, or agreeing, haveueliveicd to. the .Qlerk of the faid Market a Paper, coni airing.(in cafe of luch Buyer being a Copartner with airy Other Perlb;i.«r Perfons/ms well the ufual Firm or Signature of fuch Buyer ahd his Copartner or Copartners, as alio the true .Chrilthiy and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, ol himfeli and of fuch his Copartner, or Copartners, or containing (Li cafe of fuch Buyer not bei. g a Copartner with any other Perfon or Perfons) the ufual Signature c.f fuch Buyer, and alfo his tru Chrmiau Name or Names, and Surname, and Place of Abode, at tr,l! Length, then and in any fuch Cafe, any fuch Perfon io buying, contracting, or agreeing, and having preuoufly delivered fuch Paper, lhali be at liberty, it he tliinks fir, to fign and fubicribe, with fuch his own ufual Signature, or in fuch u.ual Firm, or with fuch ufual Signature of himfeif and his laid Copartner or Copartners, (as the Gale may be), any Bargain or Contract made in the faid Market for the Purchafe of any Coals, of a.iy -fuch Agreement as is herein-after required refpciting the Terms in:which any Cargo fold in Shares in the faid Market is to be delivered, (inlLad of being in fuch Cafe obliged to fub'eribe fuch Bargain,- Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names ofhfinielf and his Copartner or Copartners at fall Length; ; and in.dike

-	Manner,- if any Factor, who lhali fell or enter in o any Bargain or Contract for the Sale oi Coals in the faid Market, or lhali fign his .Name as Vvknefs to-auyfuch Agreement rTpetting the Terms oi Delivery of any Cargo fold

•in Shares, fna’.i previoufly to fuch felling, or contracting, or fign. ng, or att'elling fuch Agreement, have delivered to the Clerk of the laid -Market a Paper, containing {in cafe of fuch Factor being a Copartner with, any

•	•Other Perfon or Perfons.) as well the ufual Firm, or Signature of luch Factor a-'d-his Copartner,or.Copartners, a&allb the true.-Chi iilnn. an 'Surnames'or Places of Abdde in iud Length of himfeif and q£ fuchhis .'Go-

■‘partner or Copartners,-- a*, containing (in; cafe.of; itieh Factor not befog, a

•	Cop rtner -With any 0thsyfd?eridtt or .Perfons)-the ufual /Signature of fuch

•	Fatlor, and aifo his-true Ghriftian Name, or Names, and Surnames, and Place c? Abode, at full -Length y then and in any Xuch.jCde, any fuch Factor lb felling,' or cbitfiraCling, or ligaing, or atteding any ftsch Agree-

■	merk. and Itavmg pfevioaflv delivered fuch Paper, fhali be-at-Liberty, if

■	he thinks fit, to fign Ot fobfenhe with fuch his own ufual Signature, or in

'fuch ufual Firm, or WithTuch ufual Signature of himielf-and his faid Co-

-	partner or Copartners (hs the Cafe may be), any Bargain or Contract made in theLaid-Market for the Sale .of any. Coal, orr'aay fuch Agree-meut as is herein-after required refpe Ting the Turns in which any Cargo fold in -Sh? ec in the Laid Market-is to be delivered indead of being, in

\Loc.& Ptr.j '	ij	Z	-	fuch

Dire fling Iiow the Firm of Copartners (hall be finned.

1186	^47°	GEORG	II	.,111.	Seff.2. Cap. 65.

foch Cafe obliged to fign or fubfcribe fuch Bargain, or Contraft, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himfeif and his ' Copartner or Copartners at full Length ; and if any Perfon fhall receive a Paper or Authority, in Writing, from and as the Clerk or Agent of any other Perfon or Perfons, to buy or enter into Barg.ri s or X onrradts on the Behalf of fuch other Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe of Coals in the faid Market, and to enter into Agreements on the Behalf of fuch Other Perfon or Perfons refpebting the Turns of Delivery of any Cargo which (hall be fold in Shares in the faid Market, and if fuch Cb rk. Agent, or Perfon, fnall, previoufiy to lvs buying on the Behalf of fuch other Perfon or Perfons, deliver in to the Clerk of the faid Market fuch Paper or Authority, in Writing, and which Paper or Authority, in Writing, fliall be figned and fubferibed with the Chriitian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Lengih, of each and every' Perfon or Perfons on whofe Behalf fuch Authority {hall be given, and alio with the ufual Firm or Signature of any Copartner on whofe Behalf any fuch Authority fhall be given, or with the ufual Signature of any Perfon. not being a Copartner, on whsfe behalf any fuch Authoritv may be giv n as the Cafe may be), and fhall alfo contain the Name and Place of b e, at full Length, of the Perfon who {hall befo authorized thereby ; then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may De lawful to and for any fuch Clerk, Agent, or Perfon who fliall have been fo authorized, and who fliall ha e previoufiy delivered in to the Clerk of the faid Markt fuch P-per or Authority, in Writing, to fuch Effeft, and fo figned and fubferibed a5 afore-faid, to enter into and fign or fubfcribe on .he Behalf and in the Name or Names of fuch other Perfon or Perfons who fhall have given fuch Authority as aforefaid, any Bargain or Contraft for the Purchafe of any Coals in the faid Market, or any fuch Agreement as is herein after required, in cafe of any Cargo being fold in Shares in the faid Market; and fuch Clerk, Agent, or Perfon fo authorized, and who fhall have previoufiy delivered fuch Paper as aforefaid, fhall be at Liberty, if he ihinks fit, to fign or fubfcribe any fuch Bargain, Contract, or Agreement as aforefaid with the ufual Signature or Firm of the Perfon or Perfons on whofe Behalf he fhall fo buy or enter into fuch Bargain, Contract, or Agreement, without being obliged to lign the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons at full Length, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding; and the Clerk of the faid Market fhall, and he is hereby required to enter every fuch Paper in a Book or Books to be kept for fuch Purpofe, which Book or Books fhall be open for the lnfpefbon or Perufal of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever on Demand, during fuch Hours as the laid Market fhall be open ; and if any fuch Buyer or Factor fhall deliver to the faid Clerk of fuch Market any falfe or imperfedt Paper or Account of the Firm or Signature, or of the Chriflian and Surname or Names, or Place or Places of Abode, of himfeif, or of himfeif and his Copartner or Copartners (as the Cafe may be), or if any fuch Clerk, Agent, or other Per'on as aforefaid, (ball deliver to the faid Clerk of the faid Market any falfe or imperfect Paper, or ar.y other than fuch Paper or Authority in Writing to fuch Effect, and fo figned and fubferibed as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Clerk of the faid Market fhall refute or neg’edt to enter, or copy, cr caufe to be entered or copied any fuch Paper in fu’h Book or Books in Manner aforefaid, or fhall notpemit the Infpedtion or Perulal thereof to any Perfon or Perfons whbmfatver.

-	...	on

47° G E O R G11 III. Seff.2> CapM.	1187

on Demand, during fuch Hours as aforefaid, fuch Clerk fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That after the Cargo of any Ship or C^n"27in* other Vcffel (hall have been entered with the Clerk of the faid Ma«ket in [hc Market in Manner aforefaid, the Coals contained in fuch Cargo (hall be and be deemed Quantise* of to be upon Sale during the Times for holding the faid Market as herein- not Ufs tlian before mentioned ; and if the Faftor,'Agent, or other Perfon having Power zlChfl ronst or Authority of felling the faid Cargo of Coals', or of any Part or Parts

thereof, fhall give any undue Preference in the Sale thereof, or refufe or decline to fell the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who fhall be defirous of purchaftng not leis than Twenty-one Chaldrons thereof (Payment for fuch Coals being then and there tendered with fufficient Security for the Payment of Demurrage, in cafe of Detention in the Delivery) fuch Faftor or Agent, or other Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Oifence, theSuin of One hundred Pounds

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That all Entries made by the Clerk Entries of of fuch Market in fuch Book or Books, in purfuance of the Dire&ions of

this Aft, fhall be Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or ’ n h'* concerning any Thing done in purfuance of this Act.	good Evi- ■

dence.

XX XIII. And be it further enafted. That if any Vender or Venders of For preTPnt. or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fhall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for ing the S .le and as a Sort which they really are not, within rhe faid Port of London, or of one Sort of within the refpeftive Cities of London or Wef.minjler, or the refpeftive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the refpeftive Coun- ° 1 * ties of Middlefex, Surry, Kent, and Effex, as is or are fituate within the Difhnce of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, every fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coa's, fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Oifence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Chaldron for every Chaldron fo fold ; and fuch Vender or Venders.cf, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fhall not be fuhjeft or liable to anv Penalty iinpofvd by the faid recited Aft, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majelty Queen Anne, intituled, An Adi to diffolve the prefent, and prevent the future Combination cf Coal Owners, Lightermen, Majters cf Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufudlures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, or by the faid recited Aft, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Adi for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, on every Perfc.n who fhall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not: Provided always, that no Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fhall be fubjeft to fuch Penalty for or in refpeft of any Number of Chaldrons exceeding Twenty-five Chaldrons, for the fame Offence.

XXXIV.	And whereas great Inconvenience has arifen from the Appoint- No Meter to ment of a Meter ro a Ship or other Veficl for the Delivery of her Cargo of be appointed Coals before the fame was ready for Delivery, be it therefore further enafted, p^t'ffthe That no Meter fhall be appointed to any Ship or other Veffel, for the Coals are*' Delivery of her Cargo of Coals, until after the Account of the Sale of fold.

- '	'	1	:1 ’ '	fuch

118 8

•Coal Ships damaged may may he unloaded without watting for a Ship Meter.

Meter may

appoint an .A Huh nt out of the Fi How. flup Porur*.

Meters and

Conlheaveis if unrucefTa-rily detained on board a

470 GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

fuch Cargo of Coals fliall have been entered with the Clerk of the* Market, or until the Conclufion of the Market, in which the Account of the Sale of Three Score Chaldrons at the lead of the Co: Is contained in fuch Ship or other Veil'd fhall have been fo entered with the Clerk of the faid Marker, in Manner herein dirtfted.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That when any Ship or Velfel laden with Coals lhall have arrived within any Part of the faid Port of Londoni at or to the Welhvard of Gravcfend, and fuch Ship or Veffel fhall, after fhe lhall have arrived as aforefaid, happen to be or become fo damaged or injured as to render it prudent crneceffary to remove without Delay the Coals contained in fuch Ship or Veilhl out of fuch Ship or Veffel, then and in fuch Cafe nothing herein contained lhall extend or be conflrued to extend fo as to hinder or prevent the immediate unloading and removing the Coals with which any fuch Ship or Veffel fhall be laden, from out of l'uch Ship or Veffel into any Lighters or Barges, or other Craft, without wai'ing for the Appointment or Arrival of ally Ship Meter, and without ary Perl on or Pcrfons being fubjeft or liable to any Penalty or Penalties whatfoever for or in refpeft of fuch Removal of any fuch Coajs.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Meter employed to admeafure or deliver, dr to fuperintend the Admeafurement or Delivery of any Coals from any fuch Ship or Veffel as aforelhid, to appoint, from Time to Time, (me of the Fellow fhip Porters to be lu h Meter’s Man, or to affift fuch Meter in the Admeafurement or Delivery of l'uch Coals, and from l ime to Time to difmifs fuch Perfon fo appointed at hssPleafure, and to appoint any other Fellowlh p Porter to be fuch Meter’s Man in the Room of the Perfon fo difmiffed; and no Perfon fo appointed by any Meter to be fuch Meter’s Man, or to aflifl fuch Meter in the Delivery of the Coals from any fuch Ship or Veffel, lhall be entitled to any Pay or Wages or Allowance for any Detention, or to any other Benefit under this Aft, except fuch Perfon fit all be one of the Pcrfons called Fellowfhip Porters; and that every fuch Perfon fo to be appointed Meter’s Man, or Affiftant to any fuch Meter, lhall (provided he be a Fellowfhip Porter, but not otherwife) have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Undertaker of any fuch Ship or Veffel, or by the Mailer or Owjier (where no Undertaker lhall be employed) the fame Wages or Sum of 1 free Shillings for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals admeafured and delivered, and fhall have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Mafler or Owner of any fuch Ship or Veffel, the fame Sum or Allowance per Day for Detention Money, and fhall alio have and be entitled to receive and be paid all fuch other Emoluments as lhall or ought to be paid, awarded, or allowed to any Co d-heaver or Whipper employed together with fuch Meter’s Man in the Deliveryof any luch Ship or Veffel; and that fuch Undertaker (hall have and be entitled to charge and receive, and be paid and allowed the fame Profit or A llowance and Emolument upon and in refpeft of fuch Meter’s Mm, as (hall or ought to be paid or allowed to 'uch Undertaker upon or for any Coal-heaver or Whipper paid aild employed by fuch Undertaker together with fuch Meter’s Man.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any Meter, Meter’s Man. Coal-heaver, or Whipper, lhall, by reafqn of the delivery of a lels Quantity of Coals than at the Rate of Forty-two Chal-

9	drons

47° GEO RGII til. Sell 2. Cap. 63.

drons a Dav, from the Appointment of fuch Meter to deliver fuch Ship or Veffd, be detained on board any Ship or Veffei by tea Ion of the Whole of the Coals not being delivered thereout, over or beyond fuch Number of Davs as the Whole of the Cargo thereof would have been delivered in, fuppefing fuch Coals had been delivered at the Rate oi Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, then and in fuch Cafe the Maher cr Owner of every fuch Ship or other Veffei, fhall pay to every fuch Meter, Meter’s I,Ian, Coal Whipper, or Heaver, fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Seven Shillings per Day, as or by way of Detention Money tor every Day that fuch Ship or Veffei fhall have been detained beyond luch Number of Days as aforefiiid, as any One or more of His Majeity’s .[offices of t m Peace for the City of Lcrukn, or Counties of Micidlejiir, . Kent, or according to the Jurifdsdion, ffiall award, on the Applicatio t of iuch Meter, Meter’s Mar., Coalheaver, or Whipper, over and above all Colls and lfxpences of fuch Application, provided that it .‘lull appear to ijeh Juftice or Juftices, that fuch Detention did not arife from the Default of the Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal Whipper, or Coal-heaver rcfpft'dvelv; and every fuch Application to any fuch Juftice or Jullices fljall he made by fuch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, within Three Days next after the Day on which the Delivery of the Whole of the Cargo of fuch Ship or Veffei fhall have been completed ; and if the Sum or Sums cf Money which fhall, upon any fuch Application, be awarded by fuch Juftice or Juftices to be paid as Detention Money, for or on account of any fuch Detention and Cofts by any fuch Shipmafter or O water, to any inch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, fhall not be immediately paid accordingly, fuch Sum or Sums fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale cf the Goods and Chattels of fuch Shipmaster or Owner, by Warrant under the Hand and SerJ of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and the Overplus of the Money, if any, railed by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (deducting the Money fo awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Cofts and Charges of making fuch Diftrefs and Sale), fhall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained ; and for want of Diftrefs, and in cafe the Money fo awarded and ordered to be paid fhall not be immediately paid, it fhail and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to commit fuch Maftcr or Owner to the Common Gaol or Houfe or Corn flion 1' r the City or Place for which fuch juftice fhall aft, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for ary Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, Uriels fuch Sum or Sums’, and all reafonable Cofts attending the Recoveiy thereof, fhall be former .paid ; and every fuch Award, Order, ana Proceeding of any fuch Juftice or iudaces fhail be final, binding, and conch;five; and no fuch Proceedings fhall be quafhtd or vacated for want of- Form oniv, of be removed by Ccrtkrari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at Wc/imn/ier or elft where.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further cnafled, That when anv Sam rr Sums or Money fhail be directed by any inch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace to be paid by any Shipmailer cr Owner to any fuch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper,. as and by way of Detention Money for any Detention which fhall have been occafioned by, or have anfea from the Condud cf any Coal Buyer cr Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent cr Agents, or for any Cofts. attending the Application for any fuch Detention Money; and fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall have teen paid accordingly, then and in every fuch Caie, fuch Coal Buyer or "[Lee. Per j	13 2	Buyers,

1189

Ship, to he entitled to Detention Money.

Mohey paid by Mi:p vlafter or Owner for any Detention oc-caliontd by the Default of thw Coal Buyer to be repaid by Coal Buyer.

i igo

Coal Buyer not to be liable to Detention Money for the Day on which the Meter is appointed, un-lefs the Meter attend on that Day at bis hequeil.

Coal Buyers •r Mailer or Owner ref-peftivcly may appeal to Sections ajjamft

47° GEORG 11 III. Se(T. 2. Cap. 63.

Buyers fhall repay, or caufe to be repaid to fuch Shipmafter or Owner, fuch Sum or bums as lucii Shipmafter or Owner fhali, in confequence of any fuch Direftion, have paid unto any fuch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, for any Detention fo occafioned by fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his her, or dieir Agent or Agents, and for any fuch C.ofts; and in cafe of any Negledt or Refufal in fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to make fuch Repayment, it lhall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majelty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middle/ex, EJfex, Kent, or Surry, according to the Jurildiction, on the Application of fuch Ship-inaller or Owner, to order fuch Coal Buyer to repay to fuch Shipmailer or Owner any fuch Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, which lhall have been paid by fuch Shipmafter or Owner to fuch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heavers, or Whippers, in purfuance of the Direction of fuch Juftice or Juftices, for any fuch Detention and Colts, provided fuch Detention fhall appear to fuch Juftice or Juftices to have been occafioned by, or to have arifen from the Default of fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents ; and every fuch Application to any fuch Juftice or Juftices lhall be made by fuch Shipmafter or Owner within Ten Days next after any fuch Detention Money and Colts lhall have been awarded and paid by fuch Shipmafter or Owner; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which fhall, upon any fuch Application, be ordered by fuch Juftice or Juftices to be repaid to fuch Shipmafter or Owner by fuch Coal Buyer or Coal Buyers, lhall not be immediately repaid accordingly, fuch Sum or Sums lhall be levied by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any' raifed by fuch Diitrefs and Sale, (deducing the Money fo ordered to be repaid, and the Colts and Charges of making fuch Diitrefs and Sale), fhall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods ar d Chattels fo diftrained; and for want of Diitrefs, and in cafe the Money fo ordered to be repaid lhall not be accordingly immediately repaid, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices, to commit fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the City or Place for which fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall act, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Sum or Sums, and all reafonable Cofts attending the Recovery thereof, lhall be fooner paid.

XXXIX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That no Coal Buyer or Buyers lhall be fubject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money vhatfoever as Detention Money, for or in refpeC't of the Detention of any fuch Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, on the Day, on which aMeter (lull be appointed to any fuch Ship orVeffef, unlels fuch Meter, Meter’s Man, C.oal-heaver or Coal-heavers refpeCtively, lhall be requefted by fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agents, to attend, and fhall actually attend in eonfequence of fuch Requeft on board fuch Ship or Velfsl during that Day ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, who lhall be dilfatisfied with or feel himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch laft mentioned Order of any fuch Juftice or Juftices for the Repayment of any fuch Sum or Sums to fuch Ship

Owner*

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap.68.	1191

Owner or Mafler, or if any fuch Ship Owner or Mafler fliall be diffatisfied the Decifion with or feel himfelf aggrieved by the Determination of any fuch Juftice or °/**‘e Juf' Juftices, who (hall on any fuch lad-mentioned Application think proper to decline making any Order for any fuch Repayment, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, or Mailer or Owner refpectivelv, to appeal to the Judices of the Peace allembled at the next General Quarter Seflions or General Seflions to be holder, for the County,

City, or Place, where fuch Order for Repayment (hall be made, or refufed to be made, on giving immediate Notice of fuch Appeal, and finding fufficient Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Judice or Judices (making or declining to make fuch Order) for profecuting the faid Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein ; and fuch Juft ices in fuch General Quarter Sefftoas or General Seflions, fliall hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal, and may either confirm or annul the faid Order or Determination, or may make fuch other Order or .Determination in the Matter of fuch Appeal, and award fuch Cods to either Party as to them the faid Juftices fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Decifion of the faid Juftices therein (hall be final, binding, and conclufive ; and no fuch Proceedings fhall be quadied or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler or elfewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XLL Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no Adtion, Suit, ship Matters or other Proceeding whatfoever, fhall be commenced or profecuted by any not to fating fuch Ship Owner or Mafler againft any fuch Coal Buyer or Buyers, in Actions any of His Majefty’s Courts of Rtcord at Wejiminjter, or in any ether 5f*‘^rs Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of, or o.herwife to recover refpedling any Sum or Sums of Money which fhall have been paid by any Money paid fuch Ship Owner or Mafler refpectivcly, for any fuch Detention or Cofts f°rLetent;oa. as afordaid.

XLTI. And be it further cnacled, That no Pcrfcn whofoever fhall cany No Perfon to on, or exercife or follow the Trade, Bufinefs, or Employ of a Coal Un- Trade of *a dertaker, or of providing Coal-heavers or Whippets for unloading Coals Coal Und*r-from any Ship or Veffel within the faid Port of London, uniefs he or fhe taker without fhall have previoufly obtained a Licence to carry on fuch Bufinefs from the » Licence Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, which Court (^otTrt^of A1 is hereby authorized to grant fuch Licence to fuch Perfon or Perfons as do-men. fhall, at the Time of foliciting the fame, produce before fuch Court a Recommendation, figned by Two of His Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace, acting as fuch, for the City, County, Town, or Place, in which fuch Perfon or Perfons refide; and every Perfon fo liccafed, fliall pay for his cr her Licence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more ; and every fuch Licence fhall be granted for, and remain in force for the Term of One Year, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer; and the Chnftian and Surnames, and the Place of Abode ot every Perfon fo licenfed, fhall within Twenty-four Hours after the granting fuch refpedtive Licences, be correctly entered in a Book to be kept tor that Purpofe at the Manfion Houfe of the City of London; and fuch Book fhall at all fuitable Times be open for lnfpection, gratis, of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever applying to infpeft the lame; and all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall carry on, exercife, or follow the faid

Trade

1192

Lord Mayor or Sitting Alderman may fufpead and Court of Aldermen may erafe the Name of any Coal Undertaker mifcon-du&ing him-felf.

Coal Undertaker to take an Oath.

Form of the Oath.

47° GEO RG11 III. Se:T.,2. Cap. 68.

Trade of a Coal Undertaker, without having obtained fuch licence, and procured the lame to be entered as .dordaiJ, or who fhall carry on, ex-c-rcife, or follow fuch Trade for, any Ung-r or other Term than fhall be exprefled in any fuch Licence fo obtain'd, and procured to ne entered as tdorefaid, fhall, for every Coal-Leaver or Whipper lb provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of inch Per ity fhall go to the Informer.

XL1JI. Provided always, and be it furtlier enacted. That if Complaint fhall be made to the laid Lord Mayor, or to the Sitting Alderman or Aldermen for the Time being of the faid t 'ity of London, of or relating to the Conduct of any fuch licenfed Coal Undertaker in his or her laid Trade or Bufinefs, the faid Mayor or Sitt.ng Alderman or Aldcnuen, fhall and may caufe him or her to be brought before him or them, and if upon hearing the faid Complaint, it (hall appear to the faid Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, that the faid Coal Undertaker fhall ha e added corruptly or improperly, or have oPended in any Manner againft the Provifions or true Intern and Meaning of this Adi. then and in fuch C le it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, to fufpend fuch Coal Undertaker from carrying on his or lrer Trade or Bufinefs of Undertaker, until the holding or fitting of 'he then next Court of the faid Lord Mayor and Aldermen; and if upon fuch Complaint being brought and heard before the faid Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at fuch their then next Sitting, it fhall appear to the faid Court that fuch Coal Undertaker fhall have adted corruptly or improperly, or have offended in Manner aforefaid, then and in fwch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Cow t of Lord Mayor and Aldermen to caufe the Name of fuch Coal Undertaker to be ended from the faid Book of licenfed Coal Undertakers ; and if any inch Undertaker fhall, either during fuch Time for which he or ilte fht 11 be fo fufpended, cr after the Time of fuch Erafure of his or her Name being fo made from fuch Book, carry on, cxercife, or follow the laid Trade of a Coal Undertaker, everv fuch Perfon fo offending fhall,- for every Coal-heaver provided by him or her either during the Inter-. „1 of fuch Sufpenfion, or fufcfequsritly to fuch Erafure, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Whole of fuch Penalty fhall go the Informer.

XL1V. And be it further enacted, That if any Coal Undertaker, or other Perfon providing any Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers for the Furpofe of unloading Coals from any Ship or other VetTel within the laid Poit of London, (hall provide any fuch Com -heaver or Coal-heavers, without having firlt taken before the Lord Mayor, or One of the Aldermen of the City of London, the Oath following (which they are hereby empowered to adminilter) ; that is to fay,	,

5 A. B. do fwcar. That 1 will well and truly exercife the Bufinefs or 1 Employ of a Coal Undertaker or Provider of Coal-heavers, and fo long as I /hull continue to exert, e that Bufinefs, I will in all Things conform niyfelf to the Direflior s of an Adi of Parliament, made in the Fopty-fevenfh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An 'Ad for n pealing the jhviral Ads foe regulating the Vend and I'elivery of Gouts ■within ,hc Cities of London and Wellminffer, and Liberties thereof, and in certain Farts of the Counties of Middlcfex, Surrey, Kent, and Effcx, and for making better ft c etfon for the famed

Eve; y

V

*

i $

4 sn <4

ltd

ii &»

0

if

«

5

It

til

Sj

i

:ot

H

li

&

in

h

it

”93

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

Every fuch Coal Undertaker, or other Perfon as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch Coal-heaver fo provided by him, her, or them, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of fuch Penalty lhall go to the Informer.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any licenfed F°r prevent. Vidualler, Alehoufekeeper, or Innkeeper, concerned or interelled, di- j"S Vraud-reflly or indirectly, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name or jng aj p ai " Names of any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or by way of Part* Undertaker*, nerlhip or Agreement, to receive any Part of the Profits of fuch Trade or Trades, lhall, directly or indirectly, exercife the Bufinefs or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing any Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, or any Shovels, Balkets, or other Implements for unloading any Coals from any Ship or other Veffel within the faid Port of London, every fuch Victualler, Alehoufekeeper, or Innkeeper lhall, for every fuch Coal-heaver, Shovel,

Balket, or other Implement provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of fuch Penalty lhall go to the Informer.

Shovels and other Imple* ments for the unloading of Ccal Ships to be provided by the Ship-Mailer.

XLVI. And be it further enaCted, That the Mailer, or Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vefl’el from which any Coals lhall be unloaded or delivered within the laid Port of London Hi all, and he and they is and are hereby required to provide and find, at his and their own Expence, all fuch Shovels, Balkets, and other Implements, as lhall be requitite and proper for the Unloading or Delivery of the Coals from any fuch Ship or Vellel; and no fuch Shovel, Balket, or other Implement, lhall be let out for Hire by or to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fave and except by a licenfed Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, to any fuch Shipmaller or Owner, Mailers or Owners, his or their Agent or Agents, who lhall employ fuch Coal Undertaker or Undertakers ; and if any Perfon or Perfons who-foever, not being a Coal Undertaker or Undertakers duly licenfed as aforefaid, lhall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Balket or Balkets, or other Implement or Implements, for the unloading of any fuch Ship or Veil'd, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or if any licenfed Coal Undertaker lhall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Balket or Balkets, or ether Implement or Implements, for the Unloading or Delivery' of any fuch Ship or Vellel to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fave and except to the Mailer or Owner of any fuch Ship, or to his Agent or Agents, every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall, for every fuch Shovel, Balket, or other Implement fo let out, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVIL And be it further ena&ed, That every Coal Undertaker lhall	or

receive and have from the Mailer, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Veffel in the Port of London, for every Chaldron of Coals delivered by Undertakers, the Coal-heavers by him or her provided for that Purpofe, the Sum of One Coal-heavers, Penny, in full Compenfation lor his or her Trouble; and that the Meter * feveral Coal-heavers and Meter’s Men lhall be entitled to and receive from Men’ the Undertaker, or from the Mailer when no Undertaker is employed, for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals by them delivered, the Sum ol Three Shillings each, in full for their refpedive Wages or Pay.

XLVffl. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it lhall aad Court of Al-mav be lawful to and for the faid Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of f

* line. V Per.']	the

ii94

Wages of Coal Undertakers, &c.

flow the Wages of Coal-heavers (hall be paid.

Coal-heavers rot to be paid their Wages at any Ale-houfc, &c.

Undertakers (hall, during the Time of

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.a. Cap. 69.

the City of.London from Time to Time to increafc the feveral Sums payable to the Coal Undertakers, and alfo the Wages or Hire payable for Labour to the Ship Coal Meters, Meters’ Men, and Coal-heavers refpec-tively, and from Time to d ime to reduce the fame, when it fhall appear reafonable and equitable to them fo to do ; and il any fuch Shipmafter or Owner, or his Agent or Agents, or any ether Perfon or Perfons whofo-ever, fhall pay or caufe to be paid to any fucli Coal Undertaker, or if any fuch Mafter, Owner, Undertaker, or any other Perfon or Perfons whofo-ever, fhall pay or caufe to be paid to any fuch Coal-heaver, Ship Coal Meter, or Meter’s Man, any greater or lefs Sum, or at or after any greater or lefs Rate than is hereby or may be hereafter fo fettled or appointed by the faid Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to be paid or payable to fuch Undertakers, Meters, Meters’ Men, or Coal-heavers re-ipettivelv, every fuch Mafter, LTndertaker, or other Perfon fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enatted. That the Hire and Wages of Coal-heavers or Whippets, and Meters’ Men, fhall be really and bond fide paid by the Mafters or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the Undertaker, when any Undertaker fhall be employed; and fuch Undertaker fhall pay and divide, or caufe to be paid and divided, fuch Hire and Wages fo received by him for that Purpofe, among the faid Meters’ Men and Coal, heavers or Whippers; and when no Undertaker fhall be employed, then fuch Mafters or Owners refpeftively fhall pay or divide fuch Hire or Wages, really and bona fide, unto or among!! fuch Meters’ Men and Coal-heavers, refpettively ; and if any fuch Mafter or Owner fhall pay, or if any fuch Undertaker fhall pay or caufe to be paid to any fuch Coal-heaver or Meter’3 Man, fuch Wages or Pay, or any Part thereof, by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Coals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Meat, Drink, Lodging, or Materials for Wearing Apparel, or with any other Matter or Thing whatfoever. other than Current Money, or fhall make any Deduction or Abatement from or out of fuch Wages or Pay, under Pretence of furnifhing Bafkets, Shovels, or other Implements ufed in the unloading of Coals, or for or under any other Pretence whatfoever, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of fuch Penalty fhall go to the Informer.

L. And be it further enafted, That the Undertaker flinli pay or caufe to be paid the Hire and Wages of the Coal-heaver orCoal-heavers employed by him, unto and amongft all fuch Coal-heavers, at his Accounting Houfe, or other convenient Place for that Purpofe; and where no Undertaker is employed, the Shipmafter or Owner fhall himfelf pay and divide the fame equally amongft the Coal-heavers on board the Ship or Veffel in which they fhall have been employed ; and if any fuch Mafter or Owner where no Undertaker is employed" fhall pay, or if any fuch Undertaker fhall pay or caufe to be paid to any fuch Coal-heaver any fuch Hire or Wages, or any Part thereof, at any Ale Houfe, Victualling Houfe, or Inn, or in any other Defcription of Place than as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further cnaCfed, That the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be employed as the Undertaker or Undertakers for the Delivery or

Unloading

47° GEORG! I III. Seff.sfc. Cap. 68.	1795

Unloading of Coals from any Ship or Veffel within the faid Port of ‘*7 l”p’* London, {hall, and fuch Coal Undertaker or Undertakers is and are vaB"ct'J’ a“* hereby directed and required from Time to Time, during the Time of Coal-heavers the Delivery of fuch Ship or Veil'd, to advance to all or any of the refpec- requeftisg tive Coal-heavers or W hippers employed by fuch Undertaker or Undertakers	ot-

in the Delivery of fuch Ship or Veil'd, who (hall requell the fame, One ^"^vages Half of the V ages already earned by, and then due to any of fuch then earned refpective Coal-heavers or Whippers for Work done in or towards the by fuch Coal-Delivery of fuch Ship or Veffel previous to the making of any fuch heavers-Requefl: Piovided fuch Coal heavers or Whippers refpedivelv (hall attend to receive the fame between the Hours of Five and Seven of the Clock in the Evening.

LTI. And be it further enacted, That all and every fuch Coal Undertaker ^"pa^the™ and Undertakers fhall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and re- Coal-heavers quired, after the Delivery of the Cargo of Coals out of any fuch Ship or in full within Veffel fhall be completed, and at or before Seven of the Clock in the ^'^after Evening of the Day on which fuch Delivery fhall be finished, in cafe fuch eac(, shjp>5 Delivery fhall be completed before Five of the Clock in the Evening, or at Delivery, or before Seven of the Clock of the Evening of the next Day after the Completion of fuch Delivery, to pay or caufe to be paid to all and every' of the refpeflive Coal-heavers or Whippers employed in the Delivery of fuch Ship or Veffel, who fhall apply in reafonable Time, and attend to receive the fame, the Whole of the Money or Wages due or remaining due to each of fuch Coal-heavers and Whippers relpedively lo applying and attending to receive the fame, for working in the Delivery of fuch Ship or Veffel; but whenever the Day next after the Day on which the Delivery of any fuch Snip or Veffel fhall be fir.ifhed, fhall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday,

Ckrijlmas Day, or a Fall Day by Proclamation, then and in fuch Cafe the Whole of fuch refpeclive Wages fo due or rent lining due lhall be paid by l'uch Coal Undertaker or Coal Undertakers to all and every fuch refpeclive Coal-heavers or Whippers who fhall apply in reafonable Time and attend to receive the fame, at or before Nine of the Clock of the Day on which fuch Delivery fhall be completed, whether fuch Delivery fhall be finilhed at or before Five of the Clock in the Evening on fuch Day or not; and if any fuch Coal Undertaker or Undertakers lhall not, at or before fuch Time or refpeclive Times as herein-before for that Purpofe appointed, according to the feveral Cafes herein-before fpecined, pay or caufe to be paid to any fuch Coal-heaver or Whipper, who lhall applv in a reafonable Time and attend to receive the fame, the Whole of fuch Money or Wages due or remaining due to fuch Coal-heaver or Whipper as aforefaid, every fuch Coal Undertaker fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Undertakers lhall exend or be conflrued to extend fo as to hinder or prevent any fuch may deduO Coal Undertaker or Undertakers from deducting any Money which lhall tile Money fo be fo advanced by him, her, or them, during the Time of the Delivery of ^,'en tlitr any fuch Ship or Veffel, to any fuch Coal-heaver or Whipper, or refpective finally fettle Coal-heavers or Whippers, in Part of his or their refpeclive Wages, when witl> the fuch Undertaker or Undertakers fhall finally fettle with and pay off any Coal-heavers, fuch Coal-heaver or Whipper, or Coal-heavers or Whippers refpe&ively,

4iter the Delivery of fuch Ship or Veffel fhall have been completed.

LIV. And

47° GEORGII IJI. Sell’. 2. Caf.6H.

LIV. And Ik; it further enacted, That if any Undertaker or Bafket Man, or any Publican to wliofe Houfe Coal-heavers may rtfort, or any Perfon or Perfons on his, her, or the:r Behalf, lhall give or grant, or promife to give or grant any Money, or other Gift or Reward, to any „ , Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners of any Ship or Veilel laden with ^r^urt'ia'iUir ^oa'ls *n l^e l>ort of London, for any Permiliion or Privilege to procure Gang'ofCoil- Coal-heavers, or for the faid Mailer or Mailers, Owner or Owners, to heavers. employ any particular Coal Undertaker, or Gang or Gangs of Coal-heavers, for the unloading any luch Ship or Veil'd, or if any fuch Mailer or Maiteis, Owner or Owners, {hall take or receive any fuch Money, or other Gift or Reward, for any fuch Purpofe, from fuch Undertaker, Baiket Man, Publican, or other Perfon or Perfons, on his, her, or their Behalf, every fuch Mailer, Owner, Undertaker, Baiket Man, Publican, or other Perfon, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Ship Meters LV. And be it further enacled, That each any every Meter fuperin* firat'-T^the” tendins Admeafurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship or Coals deli-C other Veilel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, {hall, and he and »ered into they is and are hereby required to give and deliver to the Lighterman or each Lighter, other Perfon having the Care or Management of the Lighter, Barge, or other Craft into which the Coals from fuch Ship or other Veffel (hall be admeafured or delivered, before fuch Lighter, Barge, or orher Craft lhall quit fuch Ship or other Veffel, a Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals admeafured or delivered into fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft; and each and every Certificate ihall be numbered, beginning wiih Number One for the Firft Certificate delivered, and fo on in an arithmetical Progreffion afeending, whereof the common Excefs or Difference (hall be always One, until the whole Cargo of Coals contained in fuch Ship cr other Veffel fhali be delivered ; and every fuch Certificate lhall be witneifed by the Mailer or Mate of fuch Ship or other Veffel, anti dial! be made in the following Form:

Number [here jnfert the Number of the Certificate.]

1 T A. B. do hereby certify, That I have delivered from on board the [here < infert the Name of the Ship or other V'cffrf, and alfo the M after's ‘ Cbriftirm and Surname'] Mailer, from [here infert the Name of the Port

*	where the Coals were put on board] of [here infert the Name by which the ‘ Coals arc known] Coals, [here infert the Number of Chaldrons] Chaldrons,-‘ in the Room, [or. Rooms, if more than One] N° [here fpecify the Nun:-‘ ber of the Room, reckoning from the Head to the Stern] of the Lighter

*	[or. Barge, or other Craft] called the [here infert the Name of the ‘ Lighter, Barge, or other Craft] Number [here infert the Number of the ‘ Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and tbs Name of the Lighterman] Lignter-' { man, on account of [here infert the Name of the Buyer of the Coals, or ‘ the Perfon for whofe Ufe fuch Coals arc delivered, as fhali be required.]

‘ A. B. Meter.

‘ Witnefs C. D. Mafter [cr. Mate.-]

‘ Port of London [here infert the Day of the Month, and the Month ‘ and Tear in which fuch Coals were dclivered.fi

, And in cafe fuch Coals (hall be fold by Weight, the Word Tons (hall be inferted in fuch Certificate or Certificates, in lieu of the Word Chaldrons; and in the making out luch Certificate or Certificates, no Figure lhall be 1 a i	made

I I 96

Undertakers

not to give nor Matters to take any Reward for

1197

47° GEORG 11 III. Scff.2. Cap. 63.

made ufe of, but each and ever)' Word fhall be legibly written at Length i live and except the Date of the Year, which may be written in Figures);

, nd every fuch Lighterman, or other Perfon having the Care or Management of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, fhall, upon the Delivery of fuch Cei tiftcate, pay to the Meter or other Perfon fuperintending the Delivery of fuch Coals, the Sum of Three-pence for each and every fuch Certificate; and if any Meter or other Perfon fuperintending the Admea-furement or Delivery of fuch Coals, fhall refufe or negltd to give or deliver fuch Certilicate, figned with his own Name, and in his own Hand Writing, and drawn in Manner aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons having the Care or Management of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or fhall wilfully give or deliver the fame with a wrong or falfe Number of the Certificate inferred therein, or with a wrong or falfe Name of the Ship or other Veflel, or of the Matter, or of the Pe rt where the Coals were put on board fuch Ship or other VefTel, or of the Name or Names, Sort or Sorts of the Coals, or with a wrong or falfe Account of the Quantity of Coals admeafured or delivered into any Rocm of fuch Lighter, B rge, or other Craft, inferted therein, or with a wrong or falfe Name or Names of the Lighterman, or of the Buyer or other Perfon for whofe Ufe fuch Coals are delivered, or with a wrong or falfe Momh or Date thereof, or of the Year, or without the Signature of fuch Matter or Mate thereto, or make ufe of any Fraud, Covin, or I evice, bv which the lame {hall be wrong or falle; or if any mch Matter or Mate (hall refufe or neglect to fign any fuch Certificate when true and accurate, or (hall fign any fuch Certificate, knowing the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof to be wrong or falfe, or if any luch Lighterman, or other Perfon having the Care or Manaeement of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, (had not vv ait a reafonable 1 ime after the Coals (hall have been fo admeafured or delivered for the Purpofe ot receiving fuch Certificate or Certificates, or (hall refufe or neglect to receive the fame, or (hall, on the Delivery of every fuch Certificate, refute or neglect to pay the Meter or other Perfon fuperintending the Admeafurement or Delivery' of fuch Coals the aforefaid Sum of Three-pence for each and every fuch Certificate, then and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Meter or other Perfon fuperintending the Admeafurement or Delivery of fuch Coals fo offending, and every fuch Matter or Mate fo offending, and eai h and every fuch Lighterman or other Perfon having the Care or Management of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, fo offending, fhall, for ev ery fuch Ofi'ence, forfeit and pay any Sum noi exceeding Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enafted, That each and every Lighterman, or other Perfon having the Care or Management of any L ghter, Barge, or other Craft laden with Coals, in the faid Port of London, (hall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, before any Part of the laid Coals Ihall be taken out of any fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, to the Holder or Holders of the Wharf or other Landing Place where fuch Coals are intended to be delivered, or to his, her, or their Servant, the Certificate of the Quantity of Coals mealured or weighed into fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, and herein directed to be given to fuch Lighterman or other Perfon by the Meter admeafuring or weighing the Cords from any Ship or o her Vefl'el in the faid Port of London, into fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, for the Inspection of all tbefe Perfons who maybe interefted in the Purchafe or Delivery of fuch Coals; and if any luch Lighterman -r other Perfon having the Care or Management of any fuch Lighter, £Lor. & Per.]	14 A	Barge,

Lighterme* to deliver fuch Certificate to the Wharfinger.

1198

Ship Meters to keep Accounts of the Coals delivered by them.

Ship Meters to deliver Accounts to the Clerk of the Market.

4'?° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

Barge, or other Craft, to whom any fuch Certificate (hall have been delivered by fuch Shi}) Meter, {hall rei’ufe or negltd to deliver the fame in Manner afoielaid to luch Wharfinger or Holder of fuch Wharf or other Landing Place, fuch Lighterman or other Perlon fo offending /hall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any Holder or Holders ot a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, to whom fuch Certificate (hall have been delivered, fhall refule or negleci to permit any Perfon concerned in the Purchafe or Delivery of fuch Coals at all reafonable Times to infped fuch Certificate, every fuch Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, fo offending, /hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; or if any luch Lighterman, Holder of the Wharf, or other Perfon, /hall wilfully erafe, deface, alter, or deftroy fuch Certificate, or be aiding or affiffing therein, or permit or fuffer the fame to be done, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sunt not exceeding Twenty Pounds. •

LVII. And be it further ena&ed, That each and every fuch Meter admeafuring or weighing, or attending the Admeafurement or Weighing of any Coals from any Ship or other Vcfftl within the faid Port of London, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or on any Quay or Landing Place, /hall keep a Book or Books, and /hall enter therein the Name of the Ship or other Veffel, and the feveral Quantities of Coals delivered by him or them from fuch Ship or other Veffel, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which fuch leveral Quantities fhall have been delivered, and the Name and Number or Numbers marked or deferibed on the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the feveral Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Divifion of fuch refpective Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or the Name of the Quay or Landing Place into or upon which fuch Coals have been delivered ; and fuch Entry or Entries fhall, when all the Coals contained in fuch Ship or other Veffel fhall have been delivered, be figned by fuch Meter or Meters, and witneifed by the Mafter or other Perfon having the Care or Charge of fuch Ship or other Veffel; and fuch Meter or Meters fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, gratis, a Copy of the refpective Entries from fuch Book or Books to the Clerk of the faid Market, with the Faftor or Factors Name or Names inferibed thereon, within Twenty-four Hours after the unloading thereof of Coals ; and every fuch Clerk is hereby required to receive and preferve all fuch Copies of the Entries contained in fuch Book or Books; and if any fuch Meter fhall make a falfe Entry or Entries in fuch Book or Books of the Name of fuch Ship or other Veffel, or of the Quantity of Coals delivered thereout, or of the Day, or Month, or Year, or of the Name or Names, or Number or Numbers of the Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, or of the feveral Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Divifion of each refpe&ive Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or of the Name of any Quay or Landing Place into or upon which the Coals from fuch Ship or other Veffel fhall have been delivered, or fhall not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Copies of the Entries contained in fucli Book or Books to fuch Clerk within the Time aforefaid, or if the Mafter or other Perfon having the Care or Charge of fuch Ship or other Veffel fhall refule or negled to witnefs fuch Entry or Entries, 5	when

ii99

4 7°CxEORGII ni. Seli. 2. Cdp\ 68:

•when true and corredt, or (hall knowingly witnefs any fuch falfe Entry or Entries, or if any luch Clerk (hall refufe or neglect to receive and prelerve fuch Entry or Entries, Book or Eooks, or (hall refufe or not permit the Infpechion or Perufal thereof to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever on Demand, at any Time or Times during fuch Days and Hours as fuch Market (hall be kept open, every fuch Perfon fo offending, (hail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

llVflJ. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or Owners, Penalty for Mailer or Matters. Mate or Mates, Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, Vat'from Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or his or their Agents, or any Coal-heaver or being filled Whipper, or any other Perfon or Perfons whofoever, (hall, direftly or according^ indirectly, in any Manner prevent or attempt to prevent any Meter, who 1 (hall be engaged in the Admeasurement or Delivery, or in fuperintending ° C“L 1	'*

the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship or Veffel within the faid Port of London, from having the Vat or other Meafure filled according to the Directions of fuch Meter employed in the Admea-furement or Delivery of fuch Coals from on board fuch Ship or Veffel, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIX. Provided alwavs, and be it further enacted. That the Stage or Spout or Spout, by which any Coals (hall be (hot from any fuch Ship or Veffel within the Port of London, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, (hall be pro- Coals from vided by the Mafter or Owner of fuch Sliip or Veffel, and that every fuch Ships to be Stage or Spout ufed for fuch Purpofe, and fo to be provided as aforefaid, fhall be of not lefs than the refpective Dimenfions following, that is to fay, Owner °and Five Feet Six Inches wide at the Top, Four Feet Six Inches wide at the 0f what Di Bottom, and Ten Inches high at the Sides, and of a proper Length, as the menfions the Cafe may require ; and if any fuch Mailer or Owner (hall neglect to pro- fame fha‘1 **' vide for his Ship or Veffel fuch Stage or Spout, of fuch refpedtive Dimen-lions as aforefaid, or (hall not ufe or caufe to be ufed fuch Stage or Spout when it (hall be neceffiry or proper to ufe fuch Stage or Spout for the (hooting or delivering of any Coals from any fuch Ship or Veffel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within the faid Port of London, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Mafter or Owner fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LX. And be.it further enacted, That when the Whole of the Cargo of when a Coals contained in any fuch Ship or Veffel (hall be purchafed by and fold Cargo of in Shares to different Buyers in the faid Market, or their Clerks or Agents, who (hall have been lawfully authorized as aforefaid, and who (hali have guvcl's j,ow previously delivered in fuch Authority in Writing to the Clerk of the faid to be deliver. Market as aforefaid, on the Behalf of any fuch different Buyers refpeftively, ed. then and in fuch Cafe fuch different Buyers, or their Clerks or Agents fo authorized, and who (hall have delivered in fuch Paper to the Clerk of the faid Market, as aforefaid, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby refpectively required, within One Hour after the Clofe of the Market on the Day when luch Purchafe fhall be made, to fign an Agreement fpecifying the Turns in which each of fuch different Buyers is to receive his particular Share of fuch Ca^go, and which Agreement (hall alfo be attefted and fubferibed with the Name of the Factor or Factors, or Seller or Sellers of fuch Coals,

15'he Witnefs or Witneffes thereto, and fuch Factor of Fa&ors, Seller or

Sellers

47° G E O R G11 III. Seflf. 2. Cap. 68.

Sellers of fuch Coals, fhall deliver in, or caufe to be delivered in, at the ‘Sea Coal Meter’s Office, fuch Agreement when fo ficrned and fubferibed, at or before Three ot the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which fuch Cargo fhall be purchafed; and the Principal Clerk for the 1 ime being of fuch Office fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch Agreement to the,Ship Meter who fhall be appointed to meafure or l'upeiintend the ' Admcafuretncnt and Dtlivei y <*>f inch Cargo, and fuch Mefer Hi.dl, immediately upon his Arrival on board fuch Ship or Veffel, deliver fuch Agiee-snent to the Mailer or Mate of fuch Ship or Veffel; and each of fuch reflective Buyers flrall be entitled to have, and lhall have, the feyeral Quantities of Coals purchafed by or on the Behalf of fuch Buyers refpeftive’y, delivered to them out of fuch Ship or Veil'd, in and according to the Turns exprefl'ed in fuch Agreement fo delivered to fuch Mailer or Mate ; and when and as foon as the Delivery of fuch Cargo from on board fuch Ship or Veffel (hall be completed, lech Mailer or Mare flrall and he is hereby required immediately to redeliver or caufe to be reoEiuered fuch u Agreement to fuch Meter, and fuch Meter fhall, and he i hereby re- 4 quired within Twenty-four Hours after fuch kedelive: y of the fame to him, to deliver or caufe to be deliveied fuch Agreement to the Clerk of the laid Market, at the Office of the laid Market, and fuch C erk of the laid Market (hall and he is hereby required to tile every fuch Agreement on a bile or Files to be kept for that Purpofe, which File fhall be 0. en for the Search or Infpeciion of any Perfon or Perfons on Demand, during fuch flours as the faid Market lhall be opep ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo buying any fuch Share on his own Account, or the Account of himfrif and his Copartner or Cop ruiers, or as the Clerk or Agent on the Behalf of any other Perfon or Pcrlbns as afbrefaid, Ih.dl refute or neglcfit to lign fuch Agreement as nhorefaid, or if any fuch factor or other heller lhall refufe or neglaft to fubferibo the fame as aforefaid, or fhall not delivef or caufe to be delivered any fuch Agreement, which lhall have been fc. figned, into the faid Sea Coal Meter's Office, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which fuch Cargo dull be purchafed, or if fuch Principal Clerk of fuch Office fhall refute or neglect to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch Agreement fo left at fitch Office to fuch Meter fo appointed fo fuch Ship or Veil'd, or it fueh Meter fhall reiufe or ncalefl to deliver Immediately upon his a rrival on board fuch Ship or Veffel fuch Agreement fo received by him to fuch Mailer or Mate ol Inch Ship or Velfd, or if any fuch Mailer ;or Mate, to whom fuchj Agreement lhall have been delivered, lhall refute to permit any Perfon or Perfons applying for that Purpofe, at any Time before the Whole of the Cargo Ihrdl have been de- i livered, to infpect fuch Agreement, which lhall have been fo figned and delivered to fuch Mailer or Mate, or if any fuch Mailer or Mate, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, (I .11 in any Mannar obltruot, or attempt to obllruct the Admeafurement or Delivery ot fuch Cargo in or according to fuch Turns, or if any fuch Mailer or Mate to whom ax.y fuch Agreement Utah have beeq delivered, fiiall not immediately aiter the De-Iivcry ol fuch Cargo from on .board fuch Ship or Veil'd (ball be completed, " redeliver or caufe to be reddivered fuch Agreement to lu.h Meter, or if fuch Meter to jWhpui any fuch Agreement lhall have l.een fo redelivered fluid not within Twenty-four Hours after the iledelivery;hercoPmilir.rjlde-tiver or caufe to h . delivered fuel; Agreement to the fad Clerk of the fa'd M u-ket, at hjs Office in the faid Market, or if fuch Chrk of the fain Market ’lhall refute or neglecl to file orcaull* to he til d any fuch Agree-nieut on l'ucl* File or files in M timer aforefaid, or fliail not perrtrt any.. * AM '	^Ptrfcjp*	1

1201

f ♦ 1	I V

if	#	^	VU	w % fLm

B° G£ 0R.G 1 r III. ' Sell; a. . P^68.

Perfon or Perfons whomlbevc -, ,®niflDejmHid,- to fearcfi for and infpctSt any fuch Agfjjernent, d)^|Lag i^h-Hour«s aforefaid, every luch Buyer, Clerk, Agent, T.ifftcjx or teller^JVIrfttr or; Mate, Meter, or other Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit anjy>-iv foi®very fuch -Offence, any Sum - not exceeding the Sum tATwcnty Ifounds j.und if any Lighterman or other Perfon having or ^prcjtendir.g (to have, or^fojning that Care or Manage-"ment of any Lighteja f{an|j.. or. omer Craft, ftail|^itJMit the Conient and Permiflion oi m* J^ufer or Buyers, or. his or their Agent, whofe

Turn it is load accordtig tex-jhe aforefaid Agreement; load, or direfit See leaded, anWii^W of C.JBb froi

or fuffer t LOuanUA whatc Violation of the

Ken agreed achShjp

pay any Si I LXI. Preand

ft

n

aded, anyoneu Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, with any ■dafs from any fuch Ship or Veffel, out of or in urn or. Odder of Worlving or Delivery which fhall have a bv and anionMt the dijfeent Buyers of-the Cargo of eff.l, or jjheh^r J^dtive Agents as aforefaid, every fuch oUicr Per®ao having or ail bating the Management of fuch c, or other Craft, (bah, f°r every fuch Offence, forfeit and not exceeding the Sum Sol Tyenty Pounds.

v^.W

ded always, and itris hereby further ena&ed, That it fhall r®d may be lawful to and for any Lighterman of Lightermen to enter into Ccpartnerfhip with any Wood monger or Wcodmoii^ers, or other Perfon of Perl'ons whomfoever in the Trade or Bufmefs of a Coal-Dealer or Coal Dealers, and to cai ry on as Copartner or Copartners with fuch Perfon or Perfons fuch Tracle or Bufmefs of a1 Coal Dealer or Dealers, and to keep, ufe, and employ, as fuch Copartners, their own Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, in and for the carrying of Ooalp to and from any fuch Ship or other Veffel in the River Thames, and to and from any Wharf, Dock, Creek, or other Place whatfoever, on or near the faid River Thames, without being fubjefl to any Penalty or Penalties for any fuch joint trading together, any Act, Statute, Bye Law, or Ordinance whatfoever to the cbntrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding : Provided neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to authorize or empower any Lighterman or Lightermen to be or become jointly interefted with any Woodmonger.or Woodmongers, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen), in the Trade or Bufmefs of carrying in Lighters fcfc Hire any Sort or Defcription of Goods whatfoever, other than and except only fuch Coals as may be lightered by them in their faid Trade of Coal Dealers.



DXil. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Prevention of Fraud, if certain particular Quantities of Coals only were permitted to be loaded inwBargft;, Lighters, or other Craft, from Ships and other Veflels dif-charging their Cargoes efi Goals in the faid River Thames, be it therefore further enacted. T hat if’any Meter delivering Coals fhall load, or permit fuffer to be loaded, from any fuch Ship or ether Veffel in the River

hqmes, into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a lefs Quantity than five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twentyt-one Vats', hr nnv Onantitv between Five and OwVat or Twenty-one Vats,.at:

ry Quantity between Five Ten Chaldrons and Two

4 Vats, and bciwc(^T\?cnty-one Chr Urdus or Eigh^four Vats, or otherwife, I *| foith^fethere fhall be a iefe Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or 9	{£«.	-;r	14	n	Twenty-

Lightermen, may carry on Partner-(Viip with Coal Dealer*.

Not lefs than 5 Chaldrons and one Vat, or fome Multiple of that Quantity, to bedelirered into any Barge or Room of a Barge,

1262	47qGEGRG!I	III. ! SefiW. Sup. 68.

Twenty-one Vats, or than feme Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any fuch lighter. Barge, or other Craft, or in any Room or Rooms, Divhion oc Invilions thereof, fave and except for the Clearance of fuch Ship or other Vefiel when thef Cargo is reduced to A a lefs Quantity than Five Chaldrons and nne Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or if any Lighterman cr other Peffon having the Career Management of fuch Lighter, Targe, or other Craft, fha.ll, without the Fermifiion or Confent of fucli Meter,, take away hic^or their Lighter, Bafgef'cr other Craft from ail}' fuch Ship or other VefTel. fo as to prevent the fame from be:;!g loaded with the Quanta,' herein directed, then and m .everyLuch cp*every fuch Meter fo offending, and every fuch Lighterman or pt Mr Perron fo offending mail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and fw any Sum not mtceedin Twenty Pounds.	ty*

;	P	&•' " ^mk •	'9^

But Coals	LXIII. Trovided always, and be it enacTed/ That riothiW herein con- #

ma> be loaded tained ii\a.ll extend or be conit rued, to extend to prevent the Shooting^br mf Delivery-of Coals in Bulk from any fuch Ship dr Vefiel into any partitioned or divided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, iii cafe the Lighterman, or other Perfon-having the Care or Management of fuch Lighter, Barge, or Craft-* ihall defire to have his Coals fo loaded in Bulk: Provided nevert holds, ' that the Quantity of Coals fo to be loaded or delivered in Bulk fhall a 1 wav's con fill of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or fome Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, fo that there fhall not be any Quantity lefs than Five* Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than fome Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Tw enty-one Vats, in any fuch Lighter, Barge, or other. Craft fo loaded in Bulk, fave and except for the Clearance of fuch Ship or Vefiel when the Cargo is reduced to a lefs Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-, one Vats.

Meter not to	LXIV. And be it further enafted. That if any Meter or other Perfon

deliver Coala	(hoot or deliver, or fhall permit, fuffer, or caufe to be (hot or delivered

Bo^es'or L0111 any Ship or other Veflel in the Port of London, any Coals into into° Rooms any open or undivided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any Room of Barges or Divifion of any divided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, containing any Coals obtained or received from any other Ship or Vefiel, or from any other Lighter, Barge, or Craft, or from any other Place' whatfoever, fave and except from the Ship or other VefTel from which fuch Meter or other Perfon fhall be fhoodng or delivering Coals, or fhr.Il be in anywife aiding { or afhfting therein, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Meter, andbVery fuch other Perfon, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

having Coals in them before.

Except into

empty

Rooms.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend fo as to prevent or hinder the Shooting and Delivery of Coals into any empty Room or Rooms of any lighter, Barge, .or other Craft, or into the vacant or unloaded End or Part of any open of undivided Lighter, Barge, or other Craft.

Iff)

In cafe	LX VI. Provided alfo, and be it, goaded, That as often as it fhall happen

Barges have that any Lighter, Barge, or Crab, or any Room of any divided lighter, Parge> or other Craft, which ir.aynatTbeeU loaded by the Rooim (hall, board, Coal's by reafon of its having been ’maced with the Clearance of any Arch Ship, of tiie fame	9	ip

jl



470 GEORGII in. Stff.4. 63.	uoj

I,

or VeflfeU contain any Quantitvlulis than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty«r-e Vats, or any Quantity' winch fhall not be fome Multiple of Five Chaldjrous; and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, then an<4 in fucn Clajlp nothing liereia-berore confined fnall extend or be ccndrued to extend to prevent the Shooting dp-I)e!ivery from my offer or different Ship or Velfel into fuch Lighter,, Barge, or Craft, o^Roolm of any fuch Ijghttr, Barge, < x Craft, fo coffajiiing Ju^h deficicnr^Clearlmce of fuch former Ship, anyy)uantity of Coals, ptjoyided that fuch ^dgtitfSnal Coafc be of the fame Kind or Defcnfption of Coals ?c tlmfe whltff may have bcln cleared out of luch tint Sliip, and provided the Certificate or Certificates of the Meter'or Met rs drom the Ship'from whence fuch Lighter, Barge, or,other Craft fir II have been in part loaded, lurpreviouilv pr6-duced to'-the Meter on board the Ship from which fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Crafrihall be fo filled up, and provided liffwife that fuch Lighter, Barge, or cither Craft, or fuch Room. when fo filled up, fhall contain either: Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats' of Coals, or fome Multiple ol Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-opc Vats.

Sort may be put therein,

on tlie Pro

duflion ofthe Certificate from the for in r Ship

I.XYII. Ami be it further enacted. That if any Ship Meter Ilia!! give a Penalty on Certificate Tor die Delivery, of any"Parcel or Quantity of Coals from any Slip Met re Sliip or other Velfel, within the faid Port of London, without having duly l°r delivering; and truly meafurtd the fame,, orFfuperjntended the Admeafurement of without^mea-the Whole of fuch Coals by the Vat, fuch Meter fo offending fhall, funn^ the for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Coals. Pounds.

UVIU. And be it further enafted, That if any Ship Owner Oj* Penalty on ! Owners, Mafter or Maflers, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or any Vender or	G^'*

ri Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Perfon or Perfons on his, her, or their Behalf, fhall give or grant, or promife to give or grant any Money, or any Coals, pr any ether Gift or Reward to any Ship Meter or Meters employed in the Admeafurement of Coals' from or out , | of any Ship or Velfel laden with Coals, within the faid Port of London, for or on account of fuch Meter or Meters having meafured, or being about to mtafure, any Coals from any fuch Ship or Veffel for fuch Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or if any fuch Ship Meter or Meters fhall take or receive any fuch Money, Coals, or other t Gift or Reward, from any fuch Owner or Owners, Mafter or Maflers,

Buver or Buyers, Vender or Venders, ,JDealer or Dealers, or other Perfon or Perfons, on his, her, or their Behalf, that and in fuch Cafe every fuch .3 Owner, Mafter, Buyer, Vender, Dealer, Meter, and other Perfon fo ’ offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One

hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall S„ms rpfc;. extend mo fubiett or render liable to the faid Penalty qf One hundred fied in the Pounds, any Ship Owner or Ship Owners, Mafter or Maflers, Buyer or Schedule no; Buyers ojf Coals, or Vender'or Venders of or Dealer of Dealers in Coals, cift,

► or any Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, for giving or granting, or pro-5 mifing to give or grant any of the feveral Sums of Money fpccified in the I, .Schedule in,this Aft contained, and for the federal Purpofes therein ® mentioned; but fuch feveral Sums in fucfi’Schediile ipecified fhall be paid tad parable by the feveral Perfons therein mentioned to fuch Ship Meter

S #	... We if WJ* '

1204

For Renu'.n-farcmei.t of Coals by the Vat.

gk

0k £

dfc *

47° GEORGII III. SeiT. 2. CaL 68.

.	14.	|U

or Meters, 'any Thing jhcreiu-bcfore contained to tlie contra!y thereof notwithflanding.	P

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Purchafer or Pur-chafers, Vender or Venders of Coals, <4 his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Perlon or Perfons acting byjor under the Authority of fuch Purchaser or Purchafers, \render or VStUerS, refpefltivply, (hall

be diffatisficd with.the Meafure of any Coals admhafurcd from any Sltip or other Veflel, and frail within One Hour after the Delivery oi fuch Coals into the Lighter, Bargje. or other Craft bcjr.ngrag to or fent by the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, and before fuch Lifter, Barge, or other . Craft, fiiall have left the Shipgr other Veflel from whence fuch .Coals fhall have been delivered, fignify to the Meter on board iuch Ship or other Veflel, his, hef, or their Defire, to have the lame*remeafured, then and in every fuch CaJc, it ihall and may be lawful to and for the Purchafer or Purchafer!, Vender pr Venders, of iuch Coals, KV, herder their Servant or Servants, .or other Pcrfon or Perlons acting by or und. r the Authority bP fuch iPurchal^ or PurchaferS, or Vender omVenoers, t6 leave, or caufe a Notice- robe left in Writing, at the Sea Poal Meter’s Office, defirfcg that iuch.Coals inay-vbe remealur^d, and foetiiyipg the Lighter, Bafge, or other Craft, containing iuch Coals fo required to be remeafured, and where luch.Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, is then lying, and on the Receipt of fuch Notice, Two Deputy Meters from iuch Office fhall forthwith attend to remeafure fuch Coals, and (hall accordingly forthwith remeafure fuch Coals by the Vat, in the Prefence of the Ship Meter who fhall have > fo meafured fuch Coals into fuch Lfghrer, Barge, or other Craft, and in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders, or Pur-chafer or Purchafers, cf fuch Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants refpeftively, or other Perfon or Perfons adding by or under the Authority of fuch Vender or Venders refpectively, in cafe thgy or any of them fhall attend to fee the fame remeafured; and in cafe the Clerk at fuch Sea Coal Meter’s Office fhall negleft or refufe to fend fuch Two Deputy Meters, or in cafe fuch Two Deputy Meters fhall neglect or refufe to attend within Six Hours after fuch Notice in Writing left as aforefaid, or to remeafure fuch Coals in Manner aforefaid, provided the aforefaid Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, be not taken away or removed from the Ship or Veflel from which fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, was loaded, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Clerk, and every fuch Deputy Coal Meter fo offending mall. For.every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and for fuch R emeafurement the Perlon or Perfons fo requiring fuch Coals to be remeafured fhall pay the,Coal Meters attending fuch Remeafurement at arid after thu^Rate of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured ; and the Vaf for remeaiuring iuch Coals fhall be placed and affixed for the Purpofe of being ufed for fuch Remeafurfeincnt at the Cults and Charges of the Perlon of Perfons fo defiring fuch:R emeafurement; j. and in cafe the Coals fo rJmklured fhall either not amount to or exceed the Quantity mentioned jn the Certificate of the Ship Meter, aq^eqifired by this Aft, the Coal Meter who. fhall have meafured the Coals from the Ship or other Vend into fuch Lighter, Barge, or Other Craft, fhall, in cafe fuel! Deficiency cr Excefs fhall exceed Four Lufhcls, and not exceed Seven Bufheft in any Five Vat fo remeafure.!, forfeit and pay lav every live ♦	Chr.Mrens





m

V.*- I

Ckaidrons and Out

1205

47° GEORG 11 III. Sell. 2. Cap.b$.

Chaldrons and One Vat fo deficient or exceeding, the Sum of Three Pounds, and alfo the Expences of the placing and affixing fuch Vat, and all other Expences attending fuch Remeai'uremcnt; and in cafe fuch Deficiency or Excefs (hail exceed Seven Bulhels, and not exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, thin and in fuch Cafe fuch Meter lhall, for every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and alio fuch Expences of fixing the faid Vat, and fuch other Expences attending fuch Re-admeafureinent; and in cafe fuch Deficiency or E*cefs (hall amount to more than Ten Bufiiels in any l ive Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Meter fhall, for every fuch Bufliel in fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and alfo fuch Expences attending the Re-admeafurcment; fuch Expences to be fettled and de-tennined by the Juflice or Juftices before whom the faid refpeftive Penalties may be recovered, and to be levied by Did refs and Sale of the Good- and Chattels of the Offtnder or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting all fuch Expences attending fuch Re-admeafurement, and the Cods and Charges of fuch Diltrels and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch cods and Chattels: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conflrued to extend to fubjeft or make liable any fuch Meter to any of the faid Penalties for having given left Meafure than the (Quantity mentioned in the faid Certificate, unlefs and except only where the Coals which fhall be fo found deficient upon Remeafurement (hall h..ve been fo remeafured by the Defire of the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents j nor to fubjeft or make iiable ary fuch Meter to any of the faid Penalties for having given greater Meafure than the Quantity expreffed in fuch Certificate, unlefs and except only where the Coals which fhall be fo found upon Remeafurement to exceed the Quantity mentioned in fuch Certificate fhall have been fo rc-meafured by the Defire of the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals, or his or their Agmt or Agents.

EXX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That when upon any fuch Re-admeafurement taking place, any fuch Meter fhall, for the firfl . lime, incur and become fubjeft to pay any fuch Penalty for any fuch ■' Offence, in having admeafured from any fuch Ship or Veffel into any 1 ighter, Barge, or other Craft, either a greater or lefs Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the faid Certificate, then and in fuch Cafe fc.ch Meter fo for the firlt Time offending and incurring fu i Penalty, ftiall not be permitted to aft or ferve again in the Capacity or Office of Meter, unlefs or until he fhall have duly paid fuch Penalty fo incurred by ‘ him for fuch his Srft Ofience, upon Payment whereof he fhall be permitted to continue in, or fhall be reflored to, his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter’s Office; and in cafe any fuch Meter fhall a fecond lime incur and become fubjeft to pay any luch Penalty for any fuch Offence, in having admeafured from any Ship or Veffel into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or lefs Quantity of Coals than the Quantity ex-preffed in the faid Certificate, then and in fuch Cafe every fuch Meter fo for the fecond Time offending, and incurring fuch Penalty, (hall be ful-pended and incapable of aft.ng or ferving as a Meter for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, at the Pleafure of the Principal Meters; [Ltc. Per.']	14	C	but

Ship Meter*

may be fuf-pended from their Offices

if convicted of any Penalty for delivering falfe Meafure.

1 20'5

When the CoaU are re-mcafurfd by the Deli re of the Vender, and the Meter (hall be found not to have incurred a Penalty, the Owner of the Lightrr fhall have a Compenfa-tion from the Vender for the Detention of his Lighter.

47° GEORGII III Seff. 2. Cap. 68.

but neVertlielefs at the End of the Period for which he fhall be fo fuf-pCiided, fuch Meter fhall be reftored to his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter’s Office, and be permitted again to aft therein, provided he fhall have duly paid filch Penalty fo incurred by him for fuch his fecund Offence; and In cafe any filch Meter fhall for the third Time incur and become fubjeft to pay any fuch Penalty for any fuch Offence, in having admea-fured from any fuch Ship or Veil'd into any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or lefs Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the laid Certificate, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Meter fo for the third Time offending and incurring fuch Penalty, fhall be abfolutely incapacitated or otherwife lufpended for any Length of Time from acting in fuch Office or Capacity of Meter, at the Pleafilre of the Principal Meters.

LXXL Provided always, and be it further enafted, That when any fuch Coals fhall be fo remeafured by the Defirc of the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents, and upon fuch Remeafurement taking place, the Meter who fhall have meafured fuch Coals fhall be found ifek to have incurred any Penalty rn refpeft of the Meafure of fuch Coals, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Vender or Venders, or his or their Agent oV Agents, who fhall have defired fuch Remeafurement on the Behalf of lu£h' Vender or Venders, fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid to the Owner cr wners of the Lighter, Barge, or, other Craft, in which fuch Coals fhall have been fo remeafured,’fuch Sum’ or Sums of Money, not exceeding '1 wo Shillings and Sixpence per Hour, as and by way of a Contpenfation for the I ime during which fuch Lighter, Barge, or Craft, fhall have been detained in confequcnce of fuch R emeafurement, as any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the City of Lindon. or Counties of Middkfex, F.jfex, Kent, or Surry, according to the Jurifdiction, fhall award, on the Application of fuch Owner or Owners of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, over and above all Colts arid Expences of any fuch Application ; and every' fuch Application to any fuch Julticc or Jultices fhall be made by fuch Owner or Owners of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, within Three Days next after the Day on which fuch Remeafurement fhall take place, and if the bum or Sums of Money which fhall, upon any fuch Application, be awarded by fuch Juftice Or JufticeS to be paid by any fuch Vender or Venders, or his or their faid Agent or Agents, to any fuch Owner or Owners, by way of fuch Com-penfation for fuch Detention of his or their Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, fhall not be immediately paid accordingly, then and in every fuch Cafe, fuch refpeftive Sum or Sums of Money fhall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Vender or Venders, or of his or their faid Agent or Agents, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of fuch Julticeor Jultices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raifed by any fuch Diftrefs and Sale, after deducting the Money fo awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Cofts and Charges of making any fuch Diftrefs and Sale, fhall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained ; and for want of Diftrefs, and in cafe the Money fo awarded and ordered to be paid to any fuch Owner or Owners of any fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, fhall not be immediately paid, it fhall and mav be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to commit fuch Vender or Venders, or his or their faid Agent or Agents, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the City or Place for winch fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall aft, there to remain without Bail or Mainpii^e for any Term not

exceeding

I 20 'I

4 7°GEORGII HI. SefT.2. Cap, ,6fl.

exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Sum or Sums, and all reafonable Cofts attending the Recovery thereof, ihall be fboncr paid, and every iuch Award, Order, and Proceeding of any fuch Juftice or Jufticcs ihall be-final, binding, and eonclutive, and no fuch Proceeding fhall. be qualhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’a Courts of Record at Wtjbninfter or elfewhere.

LXXII. And whereas by the faid fcveral Adis made for moreeffedually preventing the Frauds and Abufes committed in the Admeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Wcftminficr, and that Part of tbe Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and the feveral Pariflies of Saint Giles in tbe Fields, Saint Mary-lc-Bone, and fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of MuidJcfcx, which Adis were .Aft 4.2 G.j. further continued, with divers Alterations and Amendments, by the faid c. 69. recited Ad, made in the Fortv-iecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, until the Twenty-fourth Day ot Juste One thoufand eight hundi ed and feventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seifion of Parliament, His Majefty, His -Heirs and SuccefTors, were empowered to nominate and appoint Two Perfons,.by the Name of ‘ The Principal Land ‘ Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler,’ and in cafe of the Death or Removal of the Perfotts fo nominated or appointed to appoint others in their Room or Stead; and fuch Nomination and Appointment have from Time to Time been made accordingly ; be it therefore enaded.

That John Baker, of Northumberland Street, Wejlminjler, Gentleman, and Principal Alexander Tullocb, of Saint Alban’s Street, Wejlminjler, Gentleman, the Land Miters Two Perfons lad fo nominated and appointed by His prefent Majefty, and * ■ now holding and exereiling, by virtue of fuch or fome of fuch Ads, the \Vcftminllcr Office of Principal Land Coal Meters for the City of Wejlminjler, fliall re- to continue main and continue fuch Principal Land Coal Meters, for the Purpofe of >n t,K,r admeafuring Coals within the City and Liberty' of Wejhninjlcr, and for °®ce* that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and for the feveral Parilhes of Saint Giles in tbe Fields, Saint Maryde-Bone, and for fuch Part of theParilh of Saint Andrew Ho!born, as lies in the County of Middlefex, and for other Purpofes in this Ad mentioned (fave and except he or they Ihall die or be removed from fuch Office or Offices by His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, which Removal His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, is and are hereby empowered to make) until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seiiion of Parliament, when the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons may be nominated and appointed by His Majefty, His Heirs and iucceiVors, as Principal Land Coal Meter or Land Coal Meters.

LXXI1I. And whereas by an Ad made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in'ituled, An Ad to prevent Frauds and Abufes in tbe Admeafurement of Coals fold by Wharf Measure, within the Ctt'i of London, and tbe Liberties thereof, and between lower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in tbe County of Middiefex; which Ad was continued v ith divers Alterations and Amendments by the faid recited Ad, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, until the hirft Hay of flute ne thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Pai liament, certain Perfons have been from lime to Time nominated and appointed as the Principal Meters orMana-14	Sei's

I 203

Principal Meters already appointed for London to continue.

Upon the Death of any one of the prelcnt Three Principal Meters for London, the Number to be reduced to Two.

Upon any Vacancy happening hereafter. Court of Common Council to have the Appointment of the Principal Meters for London.

Afl 46 G. 3. c. 32.

^"GEORGII III. Sefl' 2. Cap.6*.

gers of the Office called by the Name of ‘ The Land Coal Meter’s Office ‘ for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehoufe ‘ Hole, in the County of Middlefexbe it therefore enafted, Tnat William Anderfon of Gracecburcb Street London, John Hawkins of Hackney, in the County of Middltfex, and John Ratray of IJlingtcn, in the fame County, fhall be and remain and continue, and they are hereby appointed the Principal Meters or Managers of the Land Coal Meter’s Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex, for the Purpofe of admeafuring Coals iold by Wharf Mealure within the City oi London, and the Liberties theieof, and be'ween Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex, and alfo for other Purpofes in this Act mentioned, for and during their joint Lives, (fave and except he or they fhall happen to be difinifled front fuch Office or Offices), and upon the Death or Difmiffitl of any One of them, the laid William Anderfon, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers of the faid Land Coal Meter's Office tor the City of London, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex, fhall be reduced 10 1 wo ; and that in all future Times, front and after fuch Death or Difniiffal of any One of them, the faid William, Anderfon, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers for the faid C.iry of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, fhall be and continue to be not more nor lefs than Two ; and upon and front and after fuch Death or Difmifl'al of any One of them, the faid William Anderfon, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Two others, or Surv vors of them, the laid William Anderfon, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, fhall refpeftively remain and continue the Two Principal Meters or Managers fur the faid Ciiy of London, and between the Tower of London and Limebcuje Hole, in the County of Middlefex, until he or they (hall die, or happen to be difmifled from luch Office; and when or in cafe either of fuch Two others, or Survivors of them, the faid William Anderfon, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, fhall die, or happen to be difmifled from fuch Office, and fo front Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal Meter for the faid City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehoufe Hole, in the faid County of Middlefex, fhall die, or be dtintilfed or lulpenutd from fuch Office, or fhall become incapable of afting in the Execution of fuch OiBce, or the Time for which any fuch Principal Meter or Manager fhall be nominated and appointed to fuch Office fhail expire, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflembled, to nominate and appoint any other Perfon a Principal Land Coal Meter or Manager, in the Room or Stead of every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter who fhaiidie, be fo difmifled or fufpended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whole Time limited for the Execution of fuch his Office fhall expire.

LXXIV. And whereas by the faid recited Aft, made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Acl for more effedlually preventing of Frauds and Abifes in the Admeafurement and Delivery of Coals, within the fcveral Parijhes lying betwt en the Parijhes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclujtve, in the County of Surry, Jofeph Burnett, of the Parifh of Strcatham, in the faid County of Surry. Gentleman, and Francis Bigg, of the Par.fh of Saint Mary Newington, in the faid County of Surry,

Gentleman,

4.70	GEORGII IU.	Seff.)%. r\Gap. 6S;	i-2pa

Gentleman, were nominated ‘ Principal Land Coal Meters for executing ‘ the Provifions of the.faid A«, for, and during the Term of Twenty-one •

« Years next enfuing from the Commencement of the fajd AS;’ be it therefore cnafted, Tl}at the fa id Jofcph Burnett, and Jrancis Bigg, or the rea(]y Surwwp of them*, fp appointed by. virtue of the laid Aft as fuch Principal nated fot^ur-Land Coal Meters, or Alieter, fha.il remain and continue fuch Principal rv to cox>ti-Land Coal Meters or Meter fpr the Amneafi^rement of Coals fold by Wharf nue’

Meafure within the ffiveral i‘arilhcsoi'£g/;w/«, Thorpe, Cbert/y, U’cybridge,

Walton on Thames, Wcji ■ M.oulfe.y, Thames Bitten, Kingjlon, Richmond',

Mortlakc, Barnes, Croydon, hlitcCm, Putney, WandJaiortb, Batterfca,

Lambeth, Cbr.Jh/rarcb, lfewington, Saint George in the Borough of Souths work, Saint §aviaurs,, jSqint Qfavc, Saint Thomas, Safnt John, Saint Mary Magdalen BermouJfcy, and Saint jMary Rothcrbitbe, all in the laid; County of Surry, and for ott^r Purpofes in this Aft mentioned, (fave-gnfl except he or they {hall be fufpended or removed from fuch Office or-Offices), until the Sixtenth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thaufand eight hundred ^nd twenty-feven, and from thence to the	'	j

End of the next geihon of Parliament.	;.•(	\	(,

LXXV. And be it further enaftc-d. That when and as og in.cafe any Hfe Maj.fty Principal Land Meter <or Principal Land; Coal Meters - fa% the City t» appoint and Liberties of TVcjtminJler, and for that Part- pf^th.e Duchy,of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and for the ljexeral Parifhes of Saint Giles iip.thqFields, Meter* for Saint Mar.rde-Bo/ie^ar.d, for fuch. Part, of the .Eariffi .of; $aiift\4ndrcui w«ftminft« Holbern as lies in tjip County sof Mjddkfe.x, ffiall die, or ffiall incapable uPon «»y of aftmg'in,the Execution ofhjs.or their Office or .Office^, or ffiall be r$T Vacancy* moved therefrom as afqrefaid, oj the Time limited for the; Execution of fuch Office or Offices ffiall expire, it ffialfand may be lawful to and ,for His Majeffy, His Heirs and Succeffors, to nominate dr appoint any other Perfon as a Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room oy §tead'pf every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter who ffiall die, be fo dimmied, removed, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whofe Time	,	c

limited'for tlie Execution of his'Office fha.il expire, and fo, to\ies quoties,	i

as often as any fuch Ca|e fha|l happen.	,	.

LXXVI. And be it further enaftetl-,’.That; h ffiall and maybe lawful Principal to and for the Juft ices of the Peace for the County of Miadle/ex, or City and Liberty of Wejlmirjler, in Generalor Quarter Seffions afiemtled, and WeitminiUr they are hereby authorized and, required to enquire into, and hear and puiufliahlr by determine any Complaint of Fraud or Mifbehaviour of the Principal Land J> ftictOor Coal Meter cr Principal Land Coal,Meters for the Time being, for the Neget'"

City and Liberty of WcjinutiJler, and that Part of the Duchy of' Lancajler adjoining thereto, and for the faid feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Field!, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for fuch Part of the Pariffi of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlcfex, or any or either of fuch Principal Land Coal Meters, in the fame Manner as they are by Law authorized to enquire into, hear, and deteimme Mifdemeanors; and if any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter ffiall be found guilty of any Fraud,

Negleft, or Mifbehaviour, he ffiall forfeit and pay for the I fe of His Ma-jefty. His Heirs and Succeffors, fuch Fine as fuch Court before w hem fuch Complaint ffiall be made ffiall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pcunds, together with fuch Colls as the Court ffiall think proper to award and dreft.

tLoc.&Per. j*	14 D

LXXVII. And

t 2*0

.tliouring il Meter*

>r 'tthftmin-it< r fubjeft ioth« Control of Juf* tic».

Land Coal Mete --r City of Lon don fu >jift u> (he Loid Mayor and Aldermen.

Common Council to appoint the Labouring Land Coal Meters for London, who »rc not to be let* man Forty-hve in Humber.

•470 GEORG 11 III. Sefl*. 2. Cap. 68.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted. That each and ever}- Labouring Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent, or Servant of the fevcral and refpeftive Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Wcjlminjler, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and for the fe-veral Parilhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holb'rn as lies in the County of Middlefex, fhall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be fubjedt to the Power, Juril'diftion, and Controul of the faid Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of MiddleJex, or lor the City and Liberty of Weft-minjler, in General or Quarter Seffion afTembled, and fhall and may be dil'miffed and fufpended by the faid Court from the Execution and Emoluments of his -or their Office or Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, or Negleft, or other Milbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints may be heard and determined in a fummary Way.

LX XVIII. And be it further enafted, That each and every Manager or Principal Land Coal Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the l ower of London and Limeboufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex, and each and every Labouring Land Coal Meter within fuch Dillnft, (hall, and he and they is and are declared to be fubject to the Power, Jurifdiftiott, and Controul of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the faid City of London, and fhall ano may be difmilfed and fufpended by the faid Court from the Execution and Salaries or Wages of their faid refpeftive Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Neglect, Default, or other Mifbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; ail which Complaints fhall and may be heard and determined by the faid Court in a fummary Way.

LXX1X. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for (he Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the faid City of London in Common Council affembled, to nominate and appoint any Number of Perfons, not lefs than Forty-five, to be the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the laid City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limeboufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex ; and that when and as any fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter for fuch Diftrict or Limits fhall die, or fhall be incapable of ferving in fuch Ollice, or fhall be difiniifed or fufpended therefrom, then and in everv fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the laid City of London in Common Council alfembled, to nominate and appoint any other Perfon as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Room and Stead of every fuch Labouring Land Coal Meter who fhall die, be fo dil'miffed or fufpended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, and fo toties quoties, as often as any fuch Cafe fhall happen.

But Principal LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall and Meters fur	-may be lawful to and for the Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the

London may	City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London

fufpend La- ;iruj -Lmebotfc Hole, in the County of Middlfix, to fufpend from their ter""pro-	Office any Labouring Land COal Meter or Meters, ferving in fuch Diftrisf,

vidc’d they	who fhall appear to fuch Principal Meter to have conducted himfelf or

report the	themfelves corrupt lyor improperly in the Execution pf his or fheirOffice)

Suf ^enflon to ^ut nevertbelefs fuch Principal Land Cost! Meter or peters lhall, and he

the Lord"	'	•	‘	I	'V	**	1	and

1211

476 G£0RGII ill. SefT.2. Cap. 68.

and they is and are hereby required, within Seven Days after any fuch Mayor or Sufpenlton taking place, to report the Caufe of fuch Sufpenfion to the Court of Al-the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or to the Court of Lord Mayor in™v"a"M * and Aldermen of the City of London ; and it (hall and may be lawful to Dayi. and for the faid Lord Mayor, or the faid Court, upon fuch Complaint being brought and heard before the faid Lord Mayor or the faid Court, either to order any fuch Labouring Meter fo fufpended to be difcharged, or to order him to be rcinflated in his Office and reftered to the Salary or Wages thereof.

LXXXI. And be it further enafted, That the faid "Jofepb Burnett and Principal Francis Bigg, and each and every Principal Land Coal Meter for the Time being, for the feveral Parifhes lying between the Parilhes of Egham and fo?Surrey Saint Mary Rotherbithe, both inclufive, in the faid County of Surry,and each fubjeft to the and every his and their Deputies, Labouring Meters, or Servants, acting Control of under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, or in the Execution of any SeffionT"1*1 other Duties required by this Aft, fhall be, and they and each and every of them is and are hereby declared to be fubjeft to the Power, Jurifdiftion, and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sellions to be holden within the faid County of Surry, and fhall and may be difmifled and fufpended by the faid Courts from the Execution and Emoluments of their faid refpeftive Offices on Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Negleft, or other Milbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints (hall and may be heard and determined by the faid Courts in a fummary Way.

LXXX1I. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe of the Death of either After the of them the faid Jofepb Burnett and Francis Bigg before the Expiration of	*{*

the faid Term or Time for which they have been and are nominated and tlle prcfcnt appointed as aforefaid, the faid Office fhall be managed by the Survivor of Principal them (unlefs previoufly difmifled or fufpended in Manner aforefaid j during Meter* for the Remainder of the faid Term; and that then, upon and from and after churchwar-the Expiration of fuch Term, or in cafe both the faid JoJ'eph Burnett and <icns 0f tj,e Francis Bigg fhall die, or be difmifled or fufpended, before the Expiration different of the faid Term, then, upon and from and after fuch Death, Difmiffal, or ^antll<j‘ Sufpenfion of both of them, the faid Jofepb Burnett and Francis Bigg, and £^|on an(j alfo from Time to l ime and at all Times thereafter, when and as often as Appoint-any Prineipal Land Coal Meter for the faid feveral Parifhes, lying between meutofths the Parifhes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherbithe, both inclufive, in the faid County of Surry, fhall die, or fhall be incapable of afting in the Ex-ecution of his Office, or fhall be difmifled or fufpended therefrom as afore-laid, or the Time limited for the Execution of fuch Office fhall- expire, then upon the happening of anv fuch Vaaancy, it fhall and may he lawful to and for fuch Churchwardens as herein-after mentioned, or the major Part ot them, in Manner herein-after directed, to elect, nominate, and appoint any other Pcrfon to be and aft as Principal Land Coal Meter in the Room or Stead of every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter who fhall die, be fo dif-miffed, fufpended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or whofe Time limited for the Execution of his Office fhall expire, and fo tities quotics, as often as any fuch Cafe fhall happen; and every fuch Perfon fo to be nominated and appointed Principal Meter for. inch Limits in the laid County of Surry, in'the Room or Stead of any fuch othei' Principal Meter, fhall be elefted, nominated, and appointed by fuch Perfons, and

in

x 2.r,3

** • * 10 ftlioO •riJrv

im*t. n:

NbnhfI

-too •.! boe rw.'sM in< tm-G id er'j oJ d*>to’j'i lo fatjfu/.) laticup Mi -t.wwlbc

Principal Meters may be re -elected when their Terms expire.



Principal Jeter’s Of-fires .1,0 be kept open.

Principal Land Coal Meters to take an Oath for the due Performance of their JJuty.

4-'/° G E-ORG11 III. SefT. 2. Ga$> 68.

ffi Manner and Form following, that is to ffiy, the Churchwardens of tht laid ,i*veral rand refpe&ive Pariffies lying between the Pariffies of Egham, and $hibt Mary Roiherjflthei, both in?luftve, in the laid County pf Hfrry, ffiaU, by Nolice in Writing, fpecifying the Occafion, and (igned by One ef!th«. Deputies. in. the hand Coal Meter's Office for fuch fcveral Parilhes yntluti) the jaid County, of Surry, and left at the Dwelling. Iloufe or ufuaj Place of Abode qf.eich fuch Churchwarden, as foon ?s the fame can bq done niter an)' fuch Vacancy ffiall happen, be luminoned to meet apd al) femble at the faid Land Coal Meter’s Office, at Twelve o’Ckjdfc at Noon, on a Day to be mentioned in the faid Notice, not exceeding £>even Drysfromilhe Daffi theheof; at which Meeting fonleT^fqn. ffiall; be chqfen and .flppoiattd to fucceod to. the Office! qf. Principal' Land C.oal Mqt^r.fof the Lkijis aforefaid, and fuch Perfpn as ffiall at thtj bffiyr of Two of the Clocked that Day be elected by he Majority of Perffins, being Churchwardens of the laid pariffies, as Ihall bf tbea and. there aiffimbled, ffiall b§ and is, hereby declared to be Pi incipal Land Cou). Meter for putting th^ Att in'execution within fuch ieveral Panics in tl>p faitl County of burry , pnd every ffich Perfoh'fo to be elected, gyminated, ,y>r appointed.,tw:afore, laid, ffiall i be, remain, and continue Principal Meter fqy thp faiyl ffiveraj Pariffies, within the faid County of Surryi for and duripg the T^yla qf TvOen.ty-One Years next enffiing ir.oin and after ihe Timephfucli hi? Elec* tion. Nomination, '-jmd Appointment, uivjefs he ffiall be fooner dffiniffccj or lufpended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office. ,

'	7	-	b--.	■	•	■	 )

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the Term or Time for which any Principal Land Coal Meter for any of fuch feveral and refpdctive Didrids ffia.i) hay a been appointed ffiall expire, then and in fuch Cafe nothing herein, contained ffiall emend, or be con, ftrued to extend, fo a? to hinder or prevent any fuch Principal Land Cqal Meter, whofe Term or Time limited for (1 e Execution of his Office lliail fo expire, from being re-nominated, re-appointeij, or re-elected to hi? Office of Principal Meter.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if.any Principal Land Coal Meter, or Principal Land Coal Meters, ffiall refute or neglect to open, tmd deep, open, or caufe to be opened and kept open, his or . their re-fpective Office or Offices every Day (Sundays, Good Fridays, Cbrijl-rr.as Days, and Fad Days by Proc.amadou only excepted) in every Year from the Twenty-tilth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, from th ; Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or from the Twenty ninth Day ot September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, from the Hour of Six in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter ffiall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon ffiall be capable of afting as a Principal Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this Act, until he ffiall have taken and fubferibed, before Two or more of His Ma-jefty’s Jufticesof the Peace for the faid County of Middle fax, or City and Liberty of Wc/lmirjier, or for the City of London, or for the- (aid County of Surry (as the Cafe may be) within their refpetlive Jurifdictions, an Oath (which Oath fuch lefpcbUve Jullfces are.hereby authorized and required to adminilier) in the following Words :

I A.B.

47° G E0 RGII III. Sell. 2. Cap.68.	t211

*	T A.B. do fwcar. That I will honeftly, truly, faithfully, and impartially F«.;moftUe c according to the Left of my fckill and Judgement, execute the Office <")aU'-

*	of Principal Land Coal Meter t r the City and Liberty of Wijtnnrtjh r, and ‘ for that Part of the Duchy of Lancojler adjoining thereto, and for the fe-

*	vcral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and for

*	fuch Part of the Parilh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of

*	Middlcfex, [er, for the City of London, ?rd for all the Wharfs fituate ‘ between the Tower of London and Lime bo:ft Hole, in the County of ‘ Mtddkfex, or, for the feveral Wharfs fituate ’within the feveral Pat idles

*	lying between the Parifhes of Egberrn and Saint Mary Rotberbithe, both ‘ inclufive, in the County of Surry, (as the Cafe may be.) ]

:	‘So	help	me	GOD.’

LXXXVI. And be it further enabled, That the faid Principal Land Principal Coal Meters for the Time bring, for the City and Liberty of Wejbtinjler, [,ret:rsfor and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancajlcr adjoining thereto, and for the anj Sum ” feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and for io appci.ta fuch Part of the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of fufEcicnt Middlcfex, and the faid Principal Land Coal Meters for the Time being ^“Jnter. for the faid feveral Parifhes lying between the Parifhes of Egham Mtiers Lr and Rotberbithe, both inclufive, in the Countv of Surry (hall, and theirrefpte-the faid feveral and refpeclive Principal Coal Meters are hereby re- tiv!; Dif-fpeclively directed and required, from Time to Time and at all Times, lnas‘ to nominate, appoint, and employ, within their faid refpeclive Diflricls, afuffident Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Eurpofe of admeafuring Coals, and for executing fuch other Duties within their faid refpedive Diltrids as are by this Ad required to be done by Land Coal Meters.

LXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That no Perfonfhall be capable Labouring of ading as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of this A d Coal Meters until he fhall have taken and fubferibed before any One or more of His f1(° '*te Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Middlcfex, or for “tl" the City and Liberty of Weftmmfle", or for the City of London, or for the faid County of Surry, as the Cafe may be, within their refpeclive Jurifdidions, an Oath (which Oath fuch refpedive Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) in the Words following :

I A. B. do fwear. That I will honeflly, truly, faithfully, and impar- Form of the tially, to the beft of my Skill and Judgement, execute the Office Oath.

‘ of One of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of * FVeflminfler and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining * thereto, and for the feveral Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint ‘ Mary-le-bone, arid for fuch Part of Saint And’ ew Holborn as lies in the * County of Middlcfex, [or, for the City of London, and for all the 1 Wharfs fituate between the Tower of London and Limeboufe Hole, in the ‘ County of Middtefex, or, for the feveral Wharfs fituate in the feveral ‘ Parifhes lying between the Parifhes of Egham and Saint Mary * Rotberbithe, both inclufive, in the County of Surry (as the Cafe may ‘ be)~\ ; and that I will truly and impartially infpeft and nteafure,

‘ or fee meafured or loaded, all fuch Coals between Buyer and ‘ Seller, and execute fuch other Duties as are by Law required to be done * by a Labouring: Land Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred.

‘ So help me GOD.’

14 £	And

[Lee. if Per.]

12 r^-

Labouring Coal Meters to attend at their Stations,

Notice to be given.

Penalty for Non-attendance.

Principal Meters for Weflminfter to pay not leis than 20s. per Week Wages to each of their Labouring Meters.

47° GEORG 11 III. TScIT.&. Cap. 68.

And the Laid Juitice or Judices refpeftively, who lhall adminider fuch Oaths, is and are hereby required to certify the fame to the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the faid City of London, or for the County of Middlc/cx, or for the City and Liberty of Wefiminfi-.r or for the laid City of London, or for the faid County of Surry (as the Cafe may be) after, the taking of lueh Oaths or Affirmation refpeftively, there to remain on Record.

LXXXYI1T. And be it further enafted, That in order to prevent Confederacy, the Stations for the feveral and refpeftive Labouring Land Coal Meters Dial!, once at lead in every Month, be changed by fuch feveral and re-lpective Principal Land Coal Meters, and the faid feveral Labouring Land Coal Meters lhall, and they and he is and are hereby required to attend at the feveral Wharfs, Warehoufes, and other Places, within their refpeftive Didrifts, at which he or they lhall be llaiioned by the faid respective Principal Land Coal Meters, each and every Day (Sundays, Good Frid y, Qbrijlmas Day, and Fall Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every Year, from the Twenty-filth Day of March to the Twei ty-ninth Day of September from the Hour of Five in the Morning until Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to theTwenty-fifth Day of March from the Hour ot Six in the Morning until Six in the Evening ; tend if upon Notice being given to any fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Meters fo Rationed, or Notice being left in Writing, at his or their Office or Offices, or Place or Places of Abode to attend at any Wharf, Warehouie, or otherPlace, to be named in fuch Notice, within the imits of his or their Station orStations in order to mealure or fee mealured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required by this A. Cl to be done by a Land Coal Meter, at any fuch Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place ; or if Notice requiring the Attendance of a Labouring Coal Meter or Meters at a Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place, to be named in fuch Notice, for the Purpofe of meafuring or. to fee mea-fured any Coals, or to execute any other Duty required of Labouring Meters by this Aft, (hall be given at the Office of one of the laid refpeftive Principal Land Coal Meters neared to fuch Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place, and fuch Labouring Coal Meter or Meters lhall not attend purfuant to itch Notice within the Space of Two Hours from giving the fame, and' do his Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning ot this Aft, then anti in every fuch Cafe fuch Labouring Coal Meter and the Principal Land Coal Meter at whofe Office fuch Notice was given as aforefaid, lhaji, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

I.XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That the Principal Land Coal

Meter or Meters for the Time being for the City and Liberty of WeJlminJUrx and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler adjoining thereto, and the feveral Pari (lies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bonc, and fuch Part of the Paii ffi of Saint Andrew Iklborn as lies in the County of Middlefex, ffiiill and fuch Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the Time being for fuylt JDiUriel are and is hereby directed and required to pay or caufe to be paid not lefs than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters who lhall, at any Time hereafter, lerve in the Employ and within the Didrift of fuch Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of fuch Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of fuch Labouring Meters lhall hereafter fo ferve in the Employ and within the Didrift of the faid Principal Land Meters; and if any fuch Principal Meter or Meters lhall n	r	-\	refufe

1215

Principal Meters for Surry alfo to'pay not lefs than 20s. per Week Wages to each of their Labouring Meters, who (hall fenre at any Station between Nine Elms and Lock Head, both inclu-iire.

47r°GEORGII IIJ. SeiT.;2. Cup. 66.

rejufe to pay or caufe to be paid to any fuch Labouring Meter, demanding tJK'ftr^e,' tbe Sum of Twenty Shillings at leaft, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which fuch Labouring Meter {Kill ferve jn his-or their Employ within fuch Dill rift, ns and for the Weekly Wages qf fych Labouring Meter, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter fo offending dial!, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XC. And be it further enacted," That the Principal Land Meters or Meter for the Time being for the faid feveral Parifhes lying between the Pa-riffies of Egbam and Rolberbitbe, both inclufive, in the County of Surry (hall, and fuch Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being for fuch Diftrift are and is hereby direfted and required to pay or caufe to be paid not lefs than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Coal Meters, who fhall at any Time hereafter ferve under fuch Principal Meters or Meter-at any Station, or Place or Places, within any of fuch Parts of the Limits or Diftrift of fuch Principal Meters or,-Meter as lie between Nine Elms and Doer. Head, both inclufive, as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of fuch refpeftive Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of fuch Labouring Coal Meter*

’fhall hereafter To ferve in the Employ of fuch Principal Meters or Meter, on any Station, or Place or Places, within any of fuch Parts of the Limit?

Or Diffriftof fuch, Principal Meteys or Meter, as lie bttwcenfAvw Elms jmd Dock Head aforefaid, both inclufive ; and if" any fuch Principal Meter or Meters for fuch Diftrift fhall refufe to pay or caufe to be paid to any fuch Labouring Meter demanding-the fame, the. Sum of Twenty Shillings St leaf, at tfte End of each and every Week of the Time during which fuch Labouring Meter fhall ferve ii) his or their Employ within any fuch Parts of fuch Diftrift as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforefaid, both inclufive, as and for the Weekly Wages of fuch Labouring Meter, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Principal Meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be taken to extend fo as in any Manner to fix or limit the Wages to be paid by Tuch Principal Meters or Meter to any Labouring Meter in their Employ, who fhall ferve or be ftationed within fuch Parts of their Diftrift, as are fituate either below Dock Head or above Nine Elms aforefaid, in the faid County of Surry. 7	1

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the faidPrin- Coal Meters cipal La d Coal Meters, or any of them, or any of the Perfons to be not employed tinder them refpeftively, fhall at any Time or Times hereafter, g^e ^Qoau. during his or their refpeftive Continuance in their Office or Employment aforefaid, be direftly or indirectly interefted or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, othervvife than in the Difcharge of their faid relpec-tive Offices, fuch Principal Land Coal Meters fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and fuch Deputy Coal Meter arid Labouring Coal Meter refpeftively fhall, -for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof refpeftively convifted before the faid (jourt of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or before either of the faid Courts of Quarter Sefiions for the faid County of Middlesex or Surry (according to the Jurifdiftion as aforefaid) fhall be difmiffed from his or their faid refpeftive Office or Employment, and be

■	'for

1 2l6

I : 470 GE6RGII. III. Seif. 2. Cap. 68.'

for ever difablcd from holding or executing the fame, or any other under tips Act

I.ami Coal	XCC. And bq it further enacted, That all Coals whatfeever fold and

Meter may to.be fent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from any Wharf, WhaWiimer' Warehoufe. or, other Place or Places within the Limits or Diftrifts of any a sight oT of the find refperiive Land Coal McteVI, and alfo all Coals whatfoever iola, the ShipCer- and to be fcijt by Gang Labour froiy.or over any Wharf or other Place tiiicHe. where any Land IV(etcr (hall be f)ationedp fituate within any of fuch rUpcc-tiv.cLimits or Diilrkts, ihall, previously to fuch Coals being fo font away, bet carefully infpected and examined by One of the Principal of Labouring Lt\nd Coal Meters within their refpeebye Limits or Did Ids, in order that fitch Principal or Labouring Land Cbal.'Meter may tee and be fatisfied. that fuch Coals (in cafe of fuch Coal's being tent away in tiny Cart, Waggon,’ or other Carriage) are of <pe “SOTt or DefcVipt ion mentioned in (be Ticket' or TicketsbythisAddirefihd to bedciivefed by or qn the Behalfofallynd, very Vender and Venders of fuch Coals to the Burcl]afer oV Pqrcna.iers fief-.pA ot-.may feq and be fatisfied that fuch Coals (in'cafe of filch Coals Uefrig *» be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sorf or DefcripJeir aC.ahd fir which the fame fhall be fold, and fuch'Meter is hereby auihoristtfi ad,, re-■!	'quired	to	demand	bf the Wharfinger or other Pei ion, 'with whom, the.Ship

Qerfificafe of any fuch Coals (Hall be 1'eft, at any Wharf or Piace for the Rale of any fuch Coab, fuch Ship Certificate, for the Purpofe qf p.r tiling and infpeblirjg the fame j and fuch Metd fhall, and .he is hereby hijiuh.-l tg-jcounterfigp fuch'Ticket or Tickets,. if fuch Jyieter fhall be fatlsred tf at fuch Cq^Is are qf the Sort they are deferibed to be in fuch Ticket orTickets, but fhall nof counterfign the fame without being fo fatiTied,, any Thine herein contained to the contrary norivithftanding p and fuch Meter fiialk and he is hereby alb authorized and required when the whole (Quantity. of Coals contained in any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, /hall have bee i.ae*

■■ . Uvered thereout; to write, or indorfe on the Back of the Certificate of fuch Goals the Word, “ Deliyeredand if any fuch Wharfinger or 'othi r Be* flip fhall refufe or negieci to produce and deliver to any fuch Meier fuefi Ship Certificate-on Demand, thep and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Wharf finger or other Eerfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Stun .not exceeding f ive Pounds; and.if any fuch Meter fhall court* terfign any fuch, Ticket orTickets, without having firft infpected fuch Goals, and a lib fuch Ship Certificate, and without having reafonable Ground to bo. fatisfigd that fuch Coals are of the Sort deferibed in fuch Vender’s Ticket, of if any fuch Meter fhall not, immediately after the Wf o’e of the Goals contained in atiy fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft fhall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for fuch Certificate of fuch Coals, or fhall not immediately on fuch Certificate being produced, indorfe the fame in Manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Meter fo offending fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeif-■ittgT’ive Popnds.

ulation TCIIT. /And be’it further enafted, That all Coals fold as and for Pool vXrec’aTd Meafore, arid'to be fent ih any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage* from any to Coals fold Wharf or Place within any of the refpeftive Limits of any of the faid by Pool ,\lea- refpe£lfve Offices, fhall be loaded in Sacks, in the Prefence of one of the fure*	Labouring	Land	Coal	Meters	of	the	DiftriS,	which	Labouring	Meter is

hereby authorized and requited to watch and infpeft the filling or loading v	13	of

1217

47° GEOR GII III. Sell 2. Cap. 62.

of the Sacks wherein fuch Coals fhall be loaded, and it (hall and may be lawful to and Tor fuch Meter to meafure the Dimenfions of all or any of fuch Sacks, ufed in any fuch loading, before fuch Sacks (hall be filled or leaded ; and fuch Meter fhali and lie is hereby authorized and required, v. hen anv Room or Rooms of Coals, in any Lighter, Barge, or Craft, are or is to be fold and fent from any fuch Wharf or other Place, as and for Pool Meafure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals fo loaded and fent are in fact taken out of the particular Room or Rooms fo# fold, and likewife that the Whole of the Coals contained in any fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold, are in fact entirely emptied out of fuch Room or Rooms, and loaded and fent away to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Coals contained in fuch Room or Rooms ; and in cafe fuch Meter (hall find any Sack or Sacks ul'ed for the loading of any fuch C oals is or are of lefs Dimenfions than required by this Act, or in cafe it (hall appear to fuch Meter, according to the bed of fuch Meter’s judgement, that any Sack or ■Sacks ufed in loading any fuch Coah do or doth not contain, when loaded, each the Quantity of Three Bulhels of Coals, or in cafe fuch Meter (hall obferve that any fuch Coals fold as the Coals of any particular Room or Room; ih: ’! not in fait be taken out of fuch particular Room or Rooms fo fold or to be fold, or that the Whole of the Coals contained in fuch particular Room or Rooms (hall not be entirely emptied out of the fame, then and in even- fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Meter to refufe to counterfign theTicket or Tickets by this Act directed to bedelivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of fuch Coals to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof ; and if any Wharfinger, Coal Porter, or otherPerfon or Perfons (hail in any Manner obftruct, hinder, or prevent fuch Meter in or from the Performance of any fuch Duty or Duties fe required of fuch Meter by this Ait, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, fqr every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enaited, That all and ever.- Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold and fent as and for Pool Meafure from any Ship, Vefiel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place within the refptilive Limits or Diilricts of the (aid Principal Land Coal Meters refpeftively, and to be delivered to the Purchafer orPurchafers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (hall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to deliver or caufe to be delivered a Ticket to the Purchafer orPurchafers of fuch Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (ball be (hot or delivered therefrom ; and every fuch Ticket or Paper (hall be in the Words and Form following ; (that is to fay),

* Mr. A. B. [Here infert 1he Nunc rf the Purchafer] .

‘ '"PARC No’ice that you are to receive herewith ‘ ^ [Here infert the Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name of the] Coals ‘ [Here infert the Number] Sacks of LHcre injert the Name of the\ Coals

*	IHere infert the Numberj Sacks of [Here infert the Name if ikej Coals.

*	For impeding the Loading and Quality of which Ccals you are, on the

*	Receipt of this Ticket, in conformity to an Ad of Parliament made in ‘ the Forty-fcventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to pay ‘ the urderfigneci E. F. f Here irfert the Name cf the Vender i the Sujn of

[Lot. b5 Per.]	'	14	E	‘	[Here

tool Meafure Coal* when fent by a Waggon.

Form of the

Vender’s Ticket to he fent therewith.

J 21 8

47° G EO RG11 III. Ceff. 2. Cop. 68.

4 [Here infert the Amount of the Compsnfation eSreflcd by this Ail to I?

*	given to fuck Principal Meter or Meters for the hfpcclion of fuck Coals, « calculating the prime as by this Ail dircilcdj being at and al ter the Rate of

*	One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat fold to and. to ‘ be received by you herewith ; and by the fame Ad this Ticket is directed

*	to be delivered to you before any of the t oals are {hot out of the Cart or ‘ Waggon; and that a Bulhel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by ‘ which the Carman s directed to meafure, gratis, under the Penalty of ‘ Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack which the Purchafer ‘ or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack is to contain Three ‘ Buthels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the Height of luJi Cone to ‘ be at lead Site Inches, and the Outlide of the Meafure to be the Ex-‘ tremitv of the Bafe of fuch Cone ; and that in cafe of your being dif-‘ fatisfied with the Coal.' now lent, you are entitled by tfie lame Ad to

*	have th-’ fame re-meafured by the Bulhel Meafure, provided you imine-‘ diately an 1 before any more of the Coals than One track lliall be fliot or

*	delivered from the Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, in which the fame are

*	brought, fend Notice in Writing of your Dclire to have the fame rc-‘ meafured, to any of the Land Coal Met^is fiffiegs, and ajfo to the Yen-

*	der or Vcndersof luch Coals. E. I', f lioc infert the Name of the Under.]

‘ C. D. ■( Here infert the Earne of the Meter, and ihe Office arid Place where

*	the Office isJituatcd.f ‘ Dated f Here infert the Day of the Month and the Month and fear

*	when fuch Ticket was JtgVecLj'

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in CAals, (hall not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket as afore'aicl, and lb counterfigutd by a Meter as aforefaid, to the Purchafer or Pur-ohaters of fuch Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, be-fore any Part-of fuch Coals lliall be {hot cr delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any fuch Coals as aforeiaid, then and in every‘Inch Cafe every luch Vender or Venders (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of, or other Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage; laden with any fuch Coals as aforeiaid, to whom l'ueh Ticket final! have been given by or by the Directions of tile Vender, in order to be delivered to die Purchafer, lliall (having fo firlt received the fame from the Vender, or an\ Perfon by the Order of ihe Vender) refufe or neglect to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Put chafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of luch Coals Ih .11 be fliot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon, or other 'Carriage,'every fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perfon aforeiaid fo of-v fending, {halt, for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not cx-' ceeding Ten Pounds.

What Sum of XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, or Moiwy to be Dealer or Der.Lrs in any Coals fold .as and for Pool Meafure, and fent in paid to the a.iy Cart, Waggon, or other Lard Carriage from any Wharf, Warehouse,

" orot^ei' Rkce within the relpeftive i.iinits or Diftritts of the faid refpec-Cuals fold tive Land Coal Meters, or any Coals fold as and for Pool Meafure, and by ' ool iVi.ca- delivered by Oang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where ture.	nnv Land Meter fliall be ftationed, lituate within any of luch refpective

Limits or Diltricts, or the Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Wharf, i s&fL	‘	•	‘	"	•	Warehoufe,

4-7° GEOR-GM III. Sd ! . .JL

Warehotife, cr other Phc.\ "re ttt v d» r \* h\nf utk ^ . !s I1: . ! he ib fent, (hall, anil luch Vender or .Venders; Dealer or Dealer ;, or Occupier or Occupiers, is a cl are hereby required and dtrtcted to p.y it ti.e Principal Mc.cr or Meters tor the Time being of the Luul Coal M er’s Office, with n the Limits of which any luch V, harf, Warehouie, or o'her Place fhail be lituate, at and after the Rite of Cne Shilling for ever Five ChuidiofH and One Vat fo bought and fent to the Pure haler or Pur-ch.-iers thereof, as and For a Compensation for .he Trouble Qfsnfpefthig oi luperintending the loading and fending away Such Coals ; and fuch Money iTiali be repaid by the Purchafer or Purchafere of fuch Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XCVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained fhail extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to hinder or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of anv Coals fold as and for Poo: r Mature, Iroin lending fuch Coals to the Premifes c fuch Purchafer or Pur chafers, or to any Landing Place which fuch Purchafer or Purcnaf."-; fhail appoint (provided fuch Landing Place or Premifes be not a C'al Wharf or P ace where any Meter fhail, by virtue df this Act, be Rationed} cr from having fuel) Coils unloaded and delivered at fuch Premifes or La rding Place, either by.Gang Labour, or in any other Manner, except in or by Means of any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage, without the Prefence, Intervention, or Inflection of any I and Meter ; and without being fubiect or liable to the Payment cf any bum or Sums of Money whatloever to any Land Meter, for or in rerpe£t of fuch Coals ; but in cafe fuch Purchafer or Purcliafers fhail require the Care or Attendance of a Land Meter, then he, fhe, or they fhail have and be entitled to fuch Attendance, upon feuding Notice of luch his, her, or their Defire to the Land Meter’s Office, within the Limits of which fuch Premifes 0" Landing Place, where fuch Coals may be fo carried, fh ill be fituate, and in fuch cafe fuch Purchafer or Pu chafers fhail pay and be charged for the Attendance of fuch Meter, at and after the aforeiaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of fuch Coals.

XCV1I. And be it further enabled. That if any Purchafer of any Coals fold and fent to fuch Purchafer by any Lighter, Ba’ge, or other Craft, fom any Place within the Limits of any oi the Offices of thefaid refpec-tive Land Meters, fhail think cr fufpect that the full and lawful Mealure of anv fuch Coals has not been fent, and fhail, before the Lighterman or other Peifon having the Care or Management of fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, fhail have delivered up to the Purchafer, or to his, her, or their Servant, fuch Lighter, Barge, or oiher Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and buore Bulk fhail be broken of fuch Coals, fignify his or her Defire to have fuch Coals re-meafured, then and in every fuch Cafe the Lighter man or other Perfou fent with the Lighter, 3a-ge, or Craft, in which the faid Coals fhali be brought, fiiall either continue at the Landing Place or Premifes of the Purchafer of the fatd Coals,-with the faid Lighter, Earge, or other Craft, until fuch Coals are re-meafured, or fhail leave fuch Lighter, Barge, or other Craft properly fattened and made fe-enre at fuch Landing Place or Premifes, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the fame fo to remain th^re until fuch Coals are re-meafured, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shiilinrs on the I iplue;man or other Perion tent with fuch Lighter,

Enabling PurcV.afcrs of Coals fold Ly Hool 3Mea-f re to have fjch Coals delivered without the Intervention of a Meter.

Purchafer* of Coals fent bjr Water may have the faitf£ remeafiired in cafe Fraud ii fufpc&cd.

1220

JjY whom Kxpenccs of

Renv'afure-U\ent are to bo paid.

Conlr. fold bv Pool Mca-fore not to be meafured by the Bull. 1 without the Jjefire of tue Purchafer.

Coals (old by Wharf Mca-ire t » be mca*ur.*d ia

4.70 G EORG11 III. Sell a. Cap. 68.

Barge, or other Craft, and the laid Purcha'qr Ihali immediately fend or caufeto be fent to the Vender of the faid Coals, or to Ills or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the raid Coals are going to be le-nienfuwd, and alio fend Notice in Writing thereof to any ot:e of the Offices of the faid rtfpcc-tivc Cana Coal Meters aforefaid, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whofe Infpedliuti any fuch Coals may have been originally loaded) dial! within Two Hours next after fuch Notice in Writing left at the Ollice of any fuch Land Coal Meter, attend from fuch Office where fuch Notice Avail be fo left, to re-mea-fure the faid Coals, d ihali accordingly re-meafure the lame with the BuAiel Meafure, in Prefence of the Vender and Purchafer of the faid Coal?, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them ihail attend for the Purpofe of feeing fuch Coals re-meafured ; and in cafe it Avail appear upon the Remeafurentent of fuch Coals by fuch Principal or Labouring Coal Meter as Avail attend for the Purpofe of re-meafuring fuch Coals) that fuch ' Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold then and in fuch Cafe if 'fuch Coals Aiall have been fold as and for Pool Meafure, the Vender of fuch Coals (hall in cafe fuch. Deficiency ihali exceed Four Buflrels and not exceed Ten Buffiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat •of Goals fo re-meafured, forfeit and pay lor eve y Bulbed of Coals fo found deficient ill every Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Foriy Shillings, , and in cafe fuch Dcliciency And! exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo re-mcalured, then and in fuch cafe fuch Vender of fuch Goals'Avail .forfeit ami pay, for every fuch Buihel fo found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and Aiall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to, ihe intended'Purchafer or Purchafer? theieof; but in Cafe my riich Coals fo re-meafured and found deficient Aiall have b.en fold or delivered as and for Wharf Meafure, then and in fuch Cafe the Vender of fuch < oals Ihali forfeit and pay for every Buffitl fo found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and Aiall moreover forfeit all fuch Coals to the intended . ur-chafer or Purchafers thereof.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Principal Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter fo re-meafuring Aiall be paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo re-meafured by him, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Chaldron, and if upon ar y fuch Rr-meafurcment. the Whole of the Coals f. re.meafured Aiall be found i s that the Quantity for which the Whole of fuch Coal? Aiall be fold, then and in fuch Cafe the Vtnder or Venders of fuch C als Aiall, in erde fuch rfefici ucy ih.-.I! amount to or exceed One Rufhel, pay the x-p-nt sol filch Rc-admealurement, but if fuch Deficiency Aiall not amount to One buffiel, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Expencts Aiall be paid and borne bv the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

XC.1X. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained Aiall extend or be conftrued to extend to require any Co.;) fold as nid te ? Pool Meafure to be meafuredby the Buffiel Meafure pluvious to fuel. Coals bemg Laded and lent away in any Cart, Waggon, o- other I and ( 'f'age, from the Vender’s Wharf or other Place of Sale, lave and except by the Defire of the Purchafer of any fuch Coals.

C. And be it further enndted, That all Coals fold or loaded to be fold

as and for Wharf Meafurp, in Quantities exceeding Eight Buihels a or

7 C ...	”	frim

1221

4/fc GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

from any Place or Places within the Limits of any of the faid refpedive Offices (hall be meafured in the Prefence of One of the faid Labouring Coai Meters, (belonging to the Office within the Limits or Diftrid uf which the Place of Sate pf fuch Coals ffiall be fnuate) by theBjfticl Mea-fure heaped up as by this Ad is difeded; and the faid Labouring Coal Meters ffiall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fill up any Buffiel or Buffiels of any fuch Coals as (hall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Meafure out of the Stock of Coals of the Perfon or Perfcns fo vending or contracting for the Sale of the faid Coals, or fo loading any fuch Coal.- for Sale.

Cl. And be it further enaded, That if any fuch Labouring Coal Meter Penalty on ffiall wittingly or willingly In Her any Coals exceeding Eight Buffiels, which Meter fuffer* (hall be fold or loaded to be fold as and for Wharf Meafure, to be fent from jjLS 'vharf any Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place within the Limits or Diftridof his (joa^to be Office without fuch Coals being meafured in the Manner herein directed, fent out and ffiall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meters or without be-Coal Meter under whom fuch Labouring Coal Meter ffiall ferve, within Two Days rext after fuch Coals ffiall have been meafured, then and in Acl (bailed, every fuch Cafe fuch Labouring Coal Meter ffiall for ever thenceforth be rendered incapable of ading as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CII. And be it further enaded, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Coal Meter* Chaldron of Coals which ffiall be fold and delivered a^ and for Wharf Payment for Meafure, at any Wharf, Warehoufe, or Place within the Limits or Diftrid Wharf Mea-of any of the Offices of the faid refpedive Land Coal Meters, and fo in Jre ° 5‘ Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Chaldron, (hall bp paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Warehoufe, or Place from which fuch Coals are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of fuch Coals, to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being, of the Office within the Limits or Diftrid of which the Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place of Sale of fuch Coals ffiall be fituate, and thereupon fuch Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter ffiall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver or caufe to be delivered to every Seller of fuch Coals, or the Carman who ffiall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame, a Paper Writing, or Ticker, figned by one of the Principal Land Coal Contents ef Meters, and counterfigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and Meter’sTick-delivering the fame, in which ffiall be contained the Ghriftian and Surname « to belent or Names of the refpedive Seller or Sellers or Vender or Venders, and alfo either the Chriftian and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Names of the Purchafer or Purchafers, Confumer or Confumers of the faid Coals, and the Quantity of fuch Coals, and the I)av of the Week, ?*Ionth, and Year of the Delivery and Admeafurement, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Perfons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the fame Coals, and alfo lh?il contain a Notice to the Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, that if he, (he,, or they is or are diffatisfied with the Meafure thereof, andfhtdl defire to have allluch Coals remufured, fuch Biflatisfadion muft be expreffed to the Carman before more man One Sack of fuch Goals is ftot or unladen Tom the Waggon, f-art, or other Carriage conveying the fame ; and that if fuch Purchaser or Purchafers ffiall be fo difiatisfied, and ffiall deiire to havC -all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in fuch Cart, Waggtai, of- other Carriage re-[Loc. & Per.}	14	G	'	meafured

the Prefence of a Land Coal Meter.

1

47° GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

meafured, fo as to afcertain the Contents of each or any of fuch particular Sacks, then that fuch Delire mull be exprelfed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals, which fuch Purchafer or Purchafers (hali defire to have re-meafured fltall be (hot or unladen from the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which the fame lhall be fent, which faid Ticket being thus made complete, and Metage paid, lliall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter countersigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman or Perl’n employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals deferi-bed in fuch Ticktt, to the Purchafer or Confumer therein natnrd, which faid Picket unaltered, the Carman or Perfon therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the CoaL in fuch T icket deferibed, lhall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the refpeftive Confuintrs or Purchafers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who lhall attend to receive the Coals deferibed in fuch Ticket, for the Ufe of fuch Purchafer or Confumer, and thereupon be, (he, and they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in fuch Ticket, the Metage therein fpecifted, and if the Labouring Coal Meter couuterugning fuch T icket lhall, after Payment or Tender of’ the Mer ge: Charge in purfuance of this A3, refufe to deliver fitch Ticket as herein before directed, to the Cabman or Perfon em-. ployed to cart, lead, date, or carry the Coals therein deferibed, fuch Labouring Coal .Meter lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay ■ any Sum not; exceeding Ten Pounds; and if fuch Carmm or Perfon employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coa'u deferibed in fuch Ticket, lhall, after the fame T icket lhall have been fo delivered to him by the Labouring C al Meter counjerfigning the lame, either alter, or negleft or refufe to deliver the feme 'Picket to the Purchafer or Confumer'therein named,'or to the Agent or Servant who lhall attend to receive the Coals deferibed in fuch'Picket, fuch Carman or Perfon employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals delcribed in fuch Ticket, fltall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shil-. . .	-	lings,

Penalty on CHI. And be it further enafted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Wharfingers Coals fltall, direftly or indireftly, give or offer or caufe to be given or foVMeters'bCS °fi"ere^’ t0 any Principal or l abouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatfoever, over and above Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges of the Metage of Coals meafured by the Bulhel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by Pool Meafure, for the Jnfpeftion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight, every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall, fir every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Penalty on Meters receiving Bribes, or delivering falfe Tickets.

CIV. And be it further enafted. That if any Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meter to be appointed and qualified purfuant to this Aft, lhall deliver or caufe to be delivered a falfe or counterfeited Ticket to any* Dealer, Vender, Confumer, Carman, or other Perfon, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or fltall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Suni3 of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatfoever over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals meafured by the JBuffel, or over and above

the

I22J

47* GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 68.

the One Shilling for ever}’Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Meafure for the Infpection thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight ; or if any fuch Principal or Labouring Coal Meter fhall wilfully permit or fuffer to be made falfe Meafure of any Coals, or (hall deliver a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he fhall not have feen meafured or fhall counterfign any Vender’s Ticket for any Coals, without having infpe&ed fuch Coals, or without feeing and taking care that the Whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, (nail have been fir ft completely emptied out of, and loaded from fuch particular Room or • Rooms fo fold, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Meter fo offending fliall, for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten' Pounds and be rendered incapable of ever ferving thereafter in the Office of a Goal Meter.

CV. And be it further onafted. That if any Quantity whatfoever of Coals, exceeding Eight Bufhels, fold or to lx- fold as and for Wharf Meafure, fliall be fent or driven in any Cart, Waggon, or ether Carriaeej from any Wharf, Warehotife, or Place, fituate within the Limits or Dif-trift of any of the faid refpective Offices, without having been meafured by fuch Bufhel Meafure as is hcrein-after directed, or without fuch Meter’s ■Jicketas afore faid, fo ligned and counterfigned as aforefaid, having been firit obtained, -or if fuch Ticket as aforefaid fhall not be delivered to the Purchafcr or Purchalers of any fuch Coais, before any Part of fuch Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers then and in everv fuch Cafe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CVI. And whereas it is expedient for the Purpofes of this Aft, that certain other Parts of the faid Act, made in the Third Year of His late Majefty’s Reign, fliouid be alfo repealed, by reafon that other Directions and Penalties are provided Ivy this Act, in relpect of the Matters mentioned iu fuch Parts of the faid Act fo made in the Third Year of Hie late Majeftv’s Reign, be it therefore further enadted, '1 hat fo much of the laid Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Ael for the Regulation of the Coat Trade, as (after reciting that by ancient Cultom in the Port of London, One Chaldron of Coals is allowed into everv Score brought on hoard Ship, and fo in Proportion for a greater or le'Jer Quantity, which is called Ingrain ; notwithflanding which, many Pcrfjns dealing in Coals do load the fame from on board Ship bare Meafure, without the aforefaid Ingrain, to the great Injury of the Con-fumer,) direcis, ‘ That ail Lightermen and other Perfons dealing in Coals

*	who fhall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand ‘ ieven hundred and thirty, fcil to any Perfon or Perfons any Parcel cr ‘ Quantity of Cords, as and for Pool Meafure, videlicet, fuch Meafure as ‘ is ufuallv given and allowed in the Pool or River Thames, including the

*	aforefaid Ingrain, and fnall not, jufllv and without fraud, deliver to ‘ fuch Perfon"or Perfons, Buyers or Confumcrs thereof, the fuH Quan-1 titv of Coals fo fold and accordingly meafured from on board Ship to ‘ fuch Lighterman or other Dealer in Coals, by the Merer, together with ‘ the Ingrain thereof, fuch Lighterman or other Dealer in Coais inail, for

‘ every

Penalty no Vender for not delivering a Meter’s Tieket with Wharf Meafure Coals.

Certain other

Parts of 3 G. a. c. j6. repealed.

1224

47° GEORGII III. Scff. 2. Cap. 68.

*	every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds and fo much thereof as directs, ‘ That from and after the Firft Day

*	of Aug'fi One thoufand feven hundred and thirty, all Coals which ‘ fhall be i.,..ded at any Wharf, Dock, or other Landing Place on the

*	River Th. mes, or any Creek or Branch adjacent or near thereto, and ‘ which fhall be carried to any Place or Places within the Cities or Sub-

*	urbs of London or Wejlminjier, or the Bills of Mortality, in any Cart, ‘ Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage of any Denomination whatfoever. fhall he

*	carried to 'he refpcftive Buyers thereof in Linen Sacks, feaied and marked 4 with White Paint in Oil, at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer 4 Office, at H tjlminjler, by the proper Officer there, which Sacks fhall 4 be full Four Feet and Two Inches in length, and Six and Twenty Inches 1 in breadth, after they fhall be made ; which Sacks all Dealers and Car-4 riers of Coals fhall ule for Carriage of Coals within the Limits aforefaid 4 and no others; and all Makers of Coal Sacks {hail make them of the 4 aforefaid Di enfions at the icaft ; and that every Dealer in and Carrier 4 of Coa's, who fhall, from and after the Firft Day of Augtjl One thou-4 fand leven hundred and thirty, make ufe of any other t-ack or Sacks 4 for Carriage of Coals within the Limits aforefaid, fhall, for every 4 fuch Sack he or they fhall fo make ufe of, forfeit and pay the Sum of 4 Twenty Shillings and fo much thereof as dire its, ‘ That from and after 4 the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand feven hundred and tliirty, all

*	Dealers in and Sellers of Coals by the Chaldron or letter Quantity,

4 within the Cities of London and Wejlminjier, or within Ten Miles round 4 the fame, fhall conftantly keep and ufe, at their refpeftive Wharfs. Ware*

4 houfes, and other Places for the Sale of their C. als, a lawful Buftiel, fuch 4 as is deferibed in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of tne Reign 4 of her late Majefly Queen Anne, intituled. An Act for the fpeedy and 4 effectual preferring the Navigation of the River '/Thames, by flopping the 4 Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in the County of F.ffex,

4 and for afeeriaining the Coal Mcafurc, with which Bufhel all fuch 1 5ea-4 lers in and Sellers of Coals fhall juftly meafure, or caufe all the Coals 4 they fhall fo fell by the Chaldron or leifer Quantity to be nteafured, and 4 fhall put Three Bufnels of Coals, fojullly meafured, into each back be-4 fore deferibed, which faid Sacks they fhall ufe, and no other, for the 4 Carriage of fuch Coals to the Buyers thereof; and that all fuch Dealers 4 in and Sellers of Coal- within the Lid Limits, who, from and after the 4 Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand leven hundred and thirty, fhall not 4 conflantly keep and ufe fuch a Bufhel and fuch Sacks as herein-beforc 4 deferibed, and no other, or fhall not fo fill their Coal Sacks from fuch-4 Bulhels, or fhall orherwife offend againft the true Intent and Meaning 4 of this Aft, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 4 Fifty Pounds ; and if any Servant or Servants of fuch Dealer or Dealers 4 of Coals fhall, from and after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand 4 feven hundred and thirty, fill fuch Coals into Sacks without firft duly 4 meafuring the fame by fuch Buftiel, fuch Servant or Servants fhall, for

L 4 every fuch Offence, be committed to the Houfe of Correftion, there to'

4 be kept lo hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor 4 lefs than Fourteen Days and fo much thereof as direfts,4 That all Per-'

4 Tons dealing in Coals, and ufing Coal Bufhels and fmaller Meafures, fhall,

*	before they prefume to ufe the fame, have them fitted for Work and 4 Ufe with Iron or Copper, and after they are fo fitted fhall carry them to the 4 Guildhall, Loudon, or to the Exchequer Office at Wejlminjier, to be feaied

III. Sefl. 2. Cap. 68.	1225

‘ or damped by the prop* Officer tlicrd, with a Steel Inftrumcut, on.

4 the ufi'pcrmoft Iron hr Copper IJoop and Strap, which Meafures 4 (hell be by them rttfedcHvely fccpt without any Alteration, and 4 fo ufed 'at their rhfpefitVe Places of Sale of their Coals, which 4 Places cf Sale are herlfb'y declared to be the refpeftive Wharfs, Ware-1 houfes. Docks, Sheds, Cellars, or other Repositories for the Coals of ‘ fuch Perfons as arc Dealers therein; and that all Perfons dealing ‘ in Coals, who fhall, from and after the Firft Dav of Augujl One ‘ thoufand fpven hundred and thirty, alter and make lei's any fuch Bufhel ‘ or other Mealers, or any of the Sacks before mentioned, after the fame ‘ have been fealed ot marked as aferefaid, fhall for feyetv fuch Offence ‘ forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds,’ fhall be, and the lame is and arc hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Pur-pofes whatfoever.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Sack fhall be made ufe of in Dimerfior? the Deliver}' cf Coals from any Ship, Veiled, Lighter, Barge, or other of £l»e Sack.*, Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place, within the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpeCtive Cities of London and JVejlmin-fier, or the refpeCtive Liberties thereof, or wi'hin fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpetiive Counties of Middlcfcx, Surry, Kent, and EJfix, as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty-five Miles from the Koyal Exchange, except fuch Sack fhall be made of Linen, and ihall have been firft fealed and marked with White Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Wcjhnirjlcr, by the proper Officer there, and fhall at the Time cf making ufe of fuch Sack meafure in the'Infide thereof at dealt Four Feet and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Breadth; and no Sack fhall be fealed or marked which fhall not, at the Time of the marking or foaling thereof, meafure in the InfiJe Thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth ; and if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, fhall ufe or caule to be ufed any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coals within the feveral and refpedtive Cities, Liberties, and Pans aforefaid, not fealed or marked as aforefaid, or of lefs Length at the Time of uftng the fame than Four Feet and Two Inches at the leaf! in the Infide thereof, or of lefs Breadth than Two Feet and One Inch at the le.ift in the Infide thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Vender of or Dealer in or Carrier 0- Coals fhall, for every fuch Sack lb unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, 11 r 1 fs than Twenty Shillings; and the Juftice or Juflices before whom fuch Ccnvi&lon fhall take place, fhall caufe every fuch Sack found unmarl t j, <— ficient either in Length or Breadth, to be deflroyed: Coals deli-Provide i. ' ■ y;\ tb." the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour, may be Labour copy.; v •’ u? t! • Ufe of fuch Sacks; any Thing herein contained to need „ot be the coir i	c.of nutwithftanding. .	gut into fuch

CVIU ,v ’ be it further enaded, That if any Labouring Coal Meter Penaityoi. fhall • r .	.	<ly permit or fuffer any Sack or Sacks to be made ufe Meter per-

ol 1	.	’ 7 r carrying of Coals, of lefs Dimelilions than the

j •:	-	i’ bv this Aft, at any Place or Place, w ithin the Limits

of the '	'o	' ch fuch Meter fhall belong, then and in every fuch	be ufed.

( e	t	bouring Coal Meter fhall, for every fuch Offence, for-

' ■'	.	7	1	not exceeding Five Pounds.

I	14	U

CIX. And

12 26

What Bahet Me«ifure t > be made uie of.

11 Ana. c. 17.

Regulation* of Mealures fmaller than n Bufhel.

47°GRORGn III. BeSl2. Cap. 68.

C1X. And be it further enafted, That no Bufhel ffiall be kept or made ufe of, for or in the Adnisafurtrnent of any Coals fold within the faid Port of London, or within the laid refpeflive Cities of London and Wejiminjler, or the refp.’ftive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the find refpefiive Counties of Middlefsx, Surry, Kent, and E(Jlx, as is or are fbuate within the Diftance oi l'wenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, which (hall not be fuch B ithel as is defcr.bed in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An Ad} for the fpeedy arid effeftudl preferring of the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flipping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the Comity of Efiex, and for afeeriaining the Coal Meafure, and which thall not have been firtl damped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Wejiminjler, or at the Guildhall, London, previoully to the fame being fo kept or uled ; and that every fuch Bufhel, previottfly to being fo ‘damped or marked, thall be fitted for Work and Ufe with Iron or Copper Hoops, and thall be fo [tamped or marked with a Steel Inftrument on the uppermoft Iron or Copper Hoop; and that every fuch Bufhel thall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution ; and that in making ufe of fuch Bufhel, all Coals ffiall be duly heaped up in fuch Bufhel in the Form of a Cone, fuch Cone to be of the Height of at lead Six Inches, and the Outfidc of the Bat'nel to he the Extremity of the Bafe of fuch Cone; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals thall con-fid of Thirty-fix of fuch Buffiels fo heaped, and fo in proportion for any leffer Quantity; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders cf Coals within fuch Limits as aforefaid, thall keep or make ufe of, or caufe to be kept or made ufe of, any Bufhel in the Admeafuretnent of any Coals other than fuch Bufhel as aforefaid, and fo ftampt as aforefaid, or thall in anyvvife dccreafeor diminifli any fuch Bufhel ftampt as aforefaid, or thall permit his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any Perfon or Performs whomfoever fo to do, then and in every Inch Cafe fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Servant or Servants, or other Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of any Dealer or -Dealers, or Vender or Venders, (liall make ufe of, in admeafuring of any Coals, any Bufhel other than fuch Bufhel as aforefaid, ftampt as aforefaid, or if any fuch Servant or Servants, or any other Perfon or Perfons whoibever, thall in any Manner decreafeor diminiffi any fuch Bufhel ftampt as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Servant or Servants, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpeftively, for every fuch Offence, (hall be committed to the Houfe of Correction by any One or more Juilice or Juflices of the Peace for the City, County, Town, or Place where fuch Offence thall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CX. And be it further enafted, That all Meafures lefs than fuch Bufhel Meafure asaforofaid, w fich (hall be fifed by any Perfon or Perfons dealing in Coals, within the faid Port of London, or within the faid relpedive Cities of London and Wejiminjler, or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fitch Part or Parts of the refpeflive Counties of Middlejex, Surry, Kent, arid F.ffex, as as- or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, ffiall be fitted for Work and Ufe with • •	'■?	Iron

1227

47°GEORGII III. SciT.i. Cap. 63.

Iron or Copper, and Hull, previously to being ufed in the Admeafufemen: of Coals, be fealed or ihmpt at the Exchequer Office at Wcjimwficr, or at the Guildhall, London, by the proper Officer, with a Steel inllrumeftt, on the uppermoil Iren or Copper Hoop; and that all fuch Meafures fo fealed or llampt ffiall be kept without any Alteration, and fo ufed by fuch Dealers in or Venders of Coals, as ffiall fell any left Quantity or Quantities of Coals than a Buffiel of Coals; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall diminifh or make lefs any fuch lefs Meafure than the Buffiel, or ffiall make ufe of any Means or Device fo as to prevent any fuch Meafure from holding or containing as much as it would otherwife hold or contain in cafe fuch Means or Device had not been pradfifed, or ffiall ufe or caufe to be uled any fuch Meafure when any fuch Means or Device have been prac-tiled, or ffiall ufe or caufe to be ufed any fuch Meafure in the Admeafure-mentof Coals, not fo fealed or llampt as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending ffiall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Vender orVen- Venders of . de s of, or Dealer or Dealers in, any Coals fold as and for Wharf Meafure c°als fo!d 33 ffiall be diflatisfied with the Meafurement which ffiall have been made of fuiMRdratif any fuch Coals at any Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place of Sale, by or fied maunder the Inspection of the Labouring Land Coal Meter Rationed or have them attending at fuch Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place, then and in every remeafurcd-fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and fcr fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before fuch Coals arc fent away from fuch Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place of Sale, to fend or caufe to be fent to the Office of the Principal Land Meter, within the Limits or Diflridt of which fuch Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place of Sale may be fituate,

Notice in Writing, fignifying, the Pefre of fuch Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have fuch Coals re-meafured, and then and in fuch Cafe fuch Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, of or from fuch Office where fuch Notice ffiall be fent (not being the Meter under uhofe Infpedlion the faid Coals were originally meafured) ffiall, within the Space of Two Hours next after fuch Notice in Writing left at fuch Office, attend to remeafure the faid Coals, and ffiall accordingly re-meafure the fame. Sack by Sack, by the Buffiel Meafure, in the Prdcnce of fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer cr Dealers in fuch Coals, or his, her, or their Agent cr Servant, Agents or Servants, and for fuch Rcmea-furement fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, ffiall pay or caufe to be paid to fuch Principal Coal Meter, who fhall fend fuch other Labouring Meter, the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured ; and in cafe it ihr.ll appear upon fuch Remeafurement, that the Coals fo remeafured ffiall exceed the Quantity for which the fame were fold, then and in fuch Cafe, if fuch Excefs ffiall be equal or amount to, cr exceed Two Buffiels in any Chaldron fo remeafured, the Meter who firfl to tali) red fuch Coals ffiall, for every Buffiel fo exceeding fuch Quantity as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with all the Expences of fuch Remeafurement.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman, or Driver of Carmjr. to any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to cany a Bud*, be delivered to the Purchafer or i urehafefs thereof, by any Vender or

Venders

1228	47° G E ° R C11 III. Sell* 2. Cap. 68.

Vender.-! of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Ware-houfe, or other Place within the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpeftive Cities of London and Wefbh'ujler, or the refpective Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part of Parts of the refpective Counties of Middle-fex, Kent, Sumy, and Effex, as is or are (tiuate within the Difiance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid. fhall not liavc placed on fonie confpicuous Part of his Cart, Waggon, or Carriage a perfect Bufliel Meafure, of the Form, Size, or Dimenfions, and fo Lamped or marked as herein-before directed (which Meafure {bail be provided by the Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of fuch Coals), then and in every fuch Cafe every Inch Carman or Driver of fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, not having fuch Bufliel Meafure 16 placed therein or thereon, {hall, for every fuch Oftence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, cr Dealer'or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of fuch Coals, {hall forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Twenty Pounds : Provided always, that Coals which ftiall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage belonging to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, may be fo carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bufliel Meafure therewith or any Perron or Perfons being fubject or liable to any Penalty cr Penalties in refpect thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

Venders t<> CX1II. And be it further enacted. That the Vender or Venders of, or deliver Tick- Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and fent as and for Wharf Meafure, from any Ship, Veifel, Lighter, Barge, or other Graft, or Rom any Wharf, FliaTure*	Warehoufe, or other Place within the faid Port of London, or within the

faid refpective Cities of London or Wcflminjier, or the refpedtive Liberties thereof, ox within fuch Part or Parts of the faid refpective Counties of Middlcfcx, Surrey, Kent, or Efex, as is or are fituate within the Diftance pi Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (hall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or caule to be delivered a printed 1'icket or Paper, and fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perfon fhall and is requited to deliver or caufe to be delivered the fame Ticket fo received from fuch Vender to the Purchafer- or Purchafers of fuch Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, {hall be {hot or delivered therefrom ; and every fuch Ticket or Paper fhall be in the Words and Form following:

‘ VENDER’S TICKET.

‘ Mr. A. B. [Here injert tie Name of the Buyer. J 'TpAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith

F Herejnfert the Number] Sacks of [ Here injert the Name of the] Coals f Here inf rt the Number] Sacks of £ here infert the Name of the] Coals [_Hcrc infer t the Number] Sacks of [Here infert the Name if the] Coals; and that by an Act made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the Carman is directed to deliver this Ticket before he moots any of the Coals out of his Cart or Waggon ; and that a Bufliel Meafure is in fuch Cart or Waggon, by which the Carman is

* directed

12 29

47° GEORGII III. Sell.2. Cap.6S.

e directed to meafure, gratis (under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds) the * Coals contained in any one §gck which the Purchafer or his Servant may ‘ require, which Sack is to contain Three Bufhels heaped up in the Form

<	of a Cone, the Outfide of the Meafure being the Extremity of the Bafe ‘ thereof. C. D. \fiere infert the Name cf theVcndcr\ E.F. [Heft infert

the Name of the Labouring Meter in cafe cf the Coals being fent from within ‘ cither of the DiJlriCis of the faid refpective Offices'^. Dated {Here infert

<	the Day of the Month, and the A loath and Tear when fuch Ticket enas i fgnedf

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders (hall not deliver or caufe to be Penalty ca

delivered fuch Ticket as aforefaid, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Vender not

Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch

Coals (hall be (hot or delivered drain fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Car- 1C ’

riage, every fuch Vender or Venders (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit

and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, ando*

Driver of, or other Perfon attending fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Car- C*™”-riage, laden with any fuch Coals aforefaid, to whom fuch Ticket (hall have been given by. or by the Direction of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchafer, (hall (having fo fir ft received the fame from the Vender,

.or any Perfon by the Vender’s Orders) refufe or ncgleCt to deliver fuch Ticket as aforefaid to the Buyer or Buyers of fuch Coals, cr to his her, err ;their Serv ant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals Peal! be (hot or delivered from fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every fuch Carman,

Driver, or other Perfon aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch OS'ence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman Canr.an rear Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with Coals for qumed to Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof by the g'^urer^t Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, from any Ship, ^ich Cart’. Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place, within the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpective Cities of London anti Wejiminfler or the refpective Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the refpeftive Counties of Middlcfex, Surry,,

Kent, and Effcx, as is or are Ptuate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, (hail and he is hereby directed to meafure, gratis, if he (hall be required fo to do, the Goals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, which may be chofen by the Purchafer or Purchafers of the faid Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants or other Perfon or Periods adting on the Behalf of fuch Purchafer or Purchaiers, with fuch Bufhel Mealurc as aforefaid, in order that fuch Purchafer or Purchafers may be better enabled to judge of the Neceffity of having the W hole of fuchCoais remea-fured in Manner directed by this Act.

CXV. And be it further enadted, That if any Carman or Driver of any penalty o« Cart or Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be Carman for delivered to the Purchafer or Purchafers by the Vender or \ enders of, or Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals, from any Ship, \e(fcl. Lighter, Barge, or mejfurjng tb-other Graft, or from any Wharf, Warehopfe, or other Place within me faid sack.

Port of London, or within the faid refpactive Cities of London and lief min-•fter or the refpective Liberties thereof; or within fuch Part or Parts of the ■ faid refpfcdtive Counties of Middlcfex, Surry, Kent, and Effex, as is or are {Lac. is Per.']	14	/	fltuate

12' 30

Coals lent by I-and Carriage to be re meafured if defired by th< Purchafer.

Furchafer to fend Notice to Meters'* Office if defi-rous of having Cods remeafured.

47°GEORGII III. Self. 2.	Cap. 68.

fituate within the Diftance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforeCid, Ihuil r.eg'edl or refufe to meafure by the faid Rufhel Meafure fuch Sacks of Cca's in Manner herein direfted, when thereunto required by die Purchafer or Pur chafers of fuch Coals, or by bis, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Perfctn or Peribns acting by or under the Authority of luch Purchafer cr Purchafers, to be meafured, or if any fuch Carman or Driver Stall drive away, or permit or buffer the laid Cart, Waggon, or' other Carriage to be driven away without meafur'ing, in 'Manner herein directed, the faid Sack of Coals, or lhall hinder, obfi rudi, or dthei wife prevent the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, cr his, her, or their Servant or Servants, <or any •other Perfon or Pcrfc-ns whomfoever, from mcafuring the faid Iieihel Meafure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in fuch his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then gild in ever)- fuch Cafe every fuch Carman or Driver fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Twen.y Pounds, nor Ids than Five Pounds ; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Dealers in fuch Coals lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Five Pounds.

C.XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants, lhall be diiliuisfied with ■ the Meafure of any Coals ibid or to be delivered within the Limits or Dili , trict of any of die laid refpeftive Offices of the faid refpedive Land Coal Meters, and fent to him, her, or them, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, and fliail fignify to the .Carman, or other Perlbn attending fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, his, her, or their Ddire to have the Coals contained in fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Part of fuch Coals remeafured, then and in every fuch Cafe the Carman or Driver of fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, in which fuch Coals lhall be brought, lhall and he is hereby lequired to continue and remain at the Houle, Lodging, or other Premiles of the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals, with fuch Coals, and the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, until fuch •CXals are remeafured ; and if any fuch Carman or Driver lhall drive avay, or permit or fuffer to be driven away fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, before jhe Coals contained therein fliail be rem&liired, without the Confent of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Carman or Driver lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

CXVJI, And be it further enacted, That fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, fo dtfiring luch Coal contained in fuch Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, to be remeafured, fliail, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby required to fend or caufe to be fent to the Vender or Venders of the faid Coals, or to hi.;, her, or their Wharf, Ware-houfe, or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the faid Coals are to be re nealured, and fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, lb II, and he, lhc, or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fen l Nnice in Writing to any one of the Offices of the faid refpec-tive Land Coal Meters of his, her, or their Ddire to have fuch Coals remeafured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (net being the Meter under whofe Inlpedion the faid Coals were originally meafured) ftab within the Space of Two Hours next after fuch Notice in Writing left at the Office of any fuch Principal Coal Meter aforeiaid, attend from fuch Office where fuch Notice lhall be fo left, at the

Houfe,

I23r

47° G E O R G11 III. Sc(T.2. Cap. 68.

Houfe, Lodging, or other Pretnifes of fuch Purehafer or Purchafers, as {hall be exprefled in fuch Notice, for the Purpofc of remeafuring the (aid Coals, and drill accordingly rcmeafure the fame in the Prefence of the Vender or Venders and Purchaser or Purchafers of the Paid Coals, or of hrs, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agent*., or'Servants, if they or any of them (hall attend to fee the fame remeafured; and in cafe fuch Vender or Venders, or Pin-chafer or Purchafers, or his, her, or then- Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, (hall not attend far the Purpofc of feeing fuch Coals fo remeafured, then fuch Meter (hall pyoceed in the remeafuring of fuch Coals in his, her, or the-.r Abfcncc; and fuch Meter (hall and he is hereby required, at the Option or the Purthafer or Pi: ’‘chafers of fuch Cords, tore-meafure fuch Coals, either by the diftince Sacks, fo as to afeertain the Contents of each part: . .r Sack, of fuch Coals which fhall remain in fuch Carr, Waggon, or ether Carriage, or elfe to rcmcafiire fuch Coals, in fuch Manner, and fo a? to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together: and in cafe the Purdrafer or Purchafers of fuch Cords fhall nor, either before or immediately upon the Arrival of fuch Meter j (ignify orcaufe robe fignifk-d, to fuch Meter, his or their Optionor Dcfirs as to which of the laid two Wavs he or they would vifh inch Remeafurement to be't;o . n or made in, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Meter (hall proceed to remtafure fuch Coals -in fuel: Manner, andfo as to nfccrta'n the whole Quantity cf fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together-, and for fuch Remeafurement fuch Pur chafer or Purchafers fhaii pay, or caufe to be paid, to the Principal Coal Meter or Coal Meters of or from the Office to which Notice (hail have

Purchafcr may at his Option either

haveth^ Contents of each feparate Sac~ remeafored, or e!fe the Contents of all the Sacks fent, taken together.

been fent as aforefaid, Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals fo remeafured;

and in cafe, upon the Remeafurement of any fuch Coals which (hall be fo Penalties e»

remeafured as to afeertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it Vender in

(hall appear to the Meter, fo remeafuring the fame, that any Sack or e-afeof^e^'*

Sacks cf fuch Coals ffiaFl not contain Three Bufhels, then and in evey fuch fuchR-mea-

C.afe the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall, for everv Sack of Coals futement.

that (hall be fo found deficient on fuch Remeafurement, forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and in cafe upon the Remeafurement

of anv fuch Coals as aforefaid, which fhall be remeafured in fuch Manner

as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals contained in all the Sacks

wherein the fame (hall have been fent taken together, it fhall appear to fuch

Meter as aforefaid that the Coals thus remeafured do not amount to the

Quantity for which they were fold, then if fuch faft mentioned Coals pena;ty on

fhall have been fold as and for Wharf Meafure. the Vender or Venders Meters and

of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay, for every Bufhel of Coals found de- Coal Porters

ficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and alfo forfeit every Chaldron of Coals

fo found deficient or wanting in Meafure to and for the Ufe of the Poor wharf Mea-

of the Parifli where fuch Coals (hall be fo remeafured, and the Labour- fure proving

ing Meter, under whofe Infpedion the Coals were firft meafnred, (hall, ^‘Remea.

for every Bufhel fo deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shil- piemen:/

lings, and the Coal Porters who (hall have firft meafured fuch Coals

for the Vender or Venders thereof, (hall, for every Bufhel of Coals fo

■wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, but

if any fuch Coals fo remeafured in the Manner laft mentioned, and fo

found to amount to lefs than the Quantity for which the fame were fold,

(hall have been fold as and for Fool Meafure, then the Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency fhall exceed Four Bufhels and not exceed Ten Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured.

s232	47°GE0RGII	HI.	Sell".	2.	Cap.	68.

meafurcd, forfeit and pay for every Bufncl of Coals fo found deficient in everjr fuch Fire Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in calc inch Deficiency (hall exceed Tea Bufhtls in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat fo remeafured, then and in fuch Cafe iuch Vender or Venders of fuch Coals (hall forfeit and pay for every inch Bufhel fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum o( Five Pounds: Provided neverthelefs, that no Inch Coals fo (old and lent (hall be remeafured, fo as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals taken together, utter more than One Sack of fuch Coals (hall have been ihot or delivered from Tuch Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage, into or upon the Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchaiers, any Tiling horetn-bcibre contained to the contrary notwithita:id;ng.

Penalty on Meter, m cafe of anv Coals fold for i^ool

Meafure proviiihc deficient upon fuch Rcmea-fu remen t.

CXVIU. And be it further enacted. That if ttpon fuch Remeafure-ment of any Coals fold and lent, as and (or Pool Meafure, by any Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage, and which Rcmeafurement lhali have been made in (itch Manner as to afeertain the whole Quantity of fuch Coals, contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals fo remeafured (hall be found to be Ids or more than at the Rate of Three Bufhels for. each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks fpecified in the Vender’s Ticket of fuch t oals, then the Meter who counterfigned fuch Vender’s Ticket of (itch Coals (hail, in cafe fuch Deficiency or Excels (hail exceed Four Bufhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of fuch ■Coals .fo remeafured, forfeit and pay for every fuch Bufhel fo exceeding or fo deficient in every fuch Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Twenty Shillings..	t

By whom the CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any Esipenccs of fetch Remeafurement which (hall be fo made fo as to afeertain the whole fuch Remea- Quantity contained in all the Sacks fent, taken together, of any fuch fo belaid"2 (-bals fold and fent as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, the Whole of 1	' fuch Coals fo remeafured (hall be found lefs than the Quantity for which

'the. Whole of fuch Coals (hall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of ■ fejch Coals (hall, in cafe fuch Deficiency (hall amount to or exceed One Bufliel, repay to the Purchafer or Purchaiers of fetch Coals the Expences of fitch Remeafurement; but if fuch Deficiency (ball not amount to One Bufhel, then fuch Expences (hall be paid and borne by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals; and if upon any fuch Remeafurement which (hall be made, fo as to afeertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks fent of any Coals fold as and for Wharf or Pool Meafure, it (hall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of fuch Coal , fold and lent to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bu(hels each ineffectively, then the Vender or Venders or fuch oals (hall repay to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals the Expences of the Remeafurement thereof; but if the Number of hu h par icular Sacks fo found deficient (bad not amount to One-Fourth Part ot the whole Number of the Sacks offish Coals fo fold and fent then and in fuch Cafe fuch Expences fliaU be paid and borne by the Purchase. or Purchafers of iuch Coals.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after, any fuch Notice as by this A& direfeea dull nave been given by or on the Behalf of any Purchafer or Purchaiers at any of the laid refpedive Land Meters’ Offices, .ta=:r.g « L*-	requiring

47° GEORGII III. Scff.2, Cap. 68.

icquiring the Attendance of any Meter from any of fuch Offices, for the l*urpofe of remeakjrinir any Coals fold cither for Wharf or Pool Meafure, then and in every loch Cafe the Principal Meters or Meter for the Time bring. at any of fuch refpedive Offices or Office where fuch Notice (hall have been given or lent, is and are hereby authorised and required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters from their refpec'tive Offices or Office, for the Purpofe of making the Remeafureinent, and fuch refpeffive Labouring Meters or Labouring Merer fhall and are and is hereby authorized and required to remeafure any fuch Coals which they ihall be fo fent to remeafure, whether the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals ihall or not be delirous of having fuch Remeafurement proceeded in. any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; and ii any fuch Principal Meters or. Me ter, after having received any fuch Notice as aforefaid, ihall neglect or refufe within the Spree of Two Hours after the Receipt of fuch Notice to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters to the Houfe, Lodging, or other Premifes of fuch Purchafer or Purchafers accordingly, or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters ihall refufe or neglect to remeafure fuch Coals, then and in everv fuch Cafe every fuch Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters and labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters fo oiTendhig ihaii, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and if any fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or any other Perfon or Perfons, ihall prevent, obilruct, or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any fuch Re-meafurement being proceeded in and made by any fuch Labouring Land Cos! Meter or Meters fo fent bv any fuch Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in confequence of anv fuch Notice, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offend-ing, ihall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXX1. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage ihall be flopped or detained for the Purpofe, or under Pretence of re admeafuring the Coals or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every fueh Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage ihall be entitled to the Sum oi Three Shillings per Hour for even- Hour the Cart ihall be fo detained, and lo in Proportion for any Fraction of an Hour, over and above the ufual Cartage of iuch Coals ■, which Three Shillings per Hour ihall be paid by the Vender of the faid Coals, in cafe the fame, or any Part thereof, ihall upon the Remeafure-tneiit thereof, be found deficient in Meafure, or by the Purchafer of fuch Coals, in cafe the fame ihall not be rerneal'ured, or fhall upon fticli Re-neafurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which fuch Coals were fold.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals which ihall be fold by Weight at any Wharf, Warehouie, or other Place, within any of the refpec-tive Limits or Dittrichs of any of the laid refpettive Offices ci the faid rcfpec-tive Land Coal Meters, and to be lent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, fhall be fold or weighed by the Hundred Weight, each Hundred Weight confiding of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty fuch Hundred V eight iha!l be and be deemed and taken to be One Ion ; and ail inch Coals lo to be iold ihall be weighed and loaded at fuch nN barf, V archcuic, or other Place of Sale, in the Prefence of one of the Labouring Land Meters front [Lee. C5= J*er.J	U-K

12 33

bouring Meter to meafure the Coals.

Carmen l» be

raid j s. per Hour for every Hour when ilopt for the Purpofe of having Coals femeuured.

Regulation as to Coals fold by Weight,

*23f

47" GEORG II III, Scfl’,2: Cap. 68.

the OOice, within the Limits or Dill riot of which fuch Wharf,Warehcto[fe, or other Place of Sale (hall be tituate, and inch Labouring Meter is herebv authorized and required to Superintend and infpeft the weighing and loading of all fuch Coals fo fold by Weight, in order that luch Meter rtiav fee and be fatisfied that in every fuch Load'ng the full Weight of.Coals is aftualiv given, which fhall be expreffed in the Vender’s Ticket; and fucli Meter may refufe to counterfign tile Vender's Ticket of any fuch Coal;, in cafe fuch Meter fhall not fee that the full and proper Weight fhall be given according to the Quantity which fhall be expreffed ill fuch Vender’s Ticket, but fuch Meter fhall and he is hereby required to counterfign the fame, in cafe the proper Weight iliall be given according to luch Quantity of Coals expreffed in fuch Vender’s Ticket; and. for fuch Infpeftion of 'fucli Coals fo fokl by Weight, there fhall be- paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware* houfe, or other Place from whence fuch Coals fhall be fent, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being, within the Limits or Diflrift of whole Office fuch Wharf, Warehoufe, or other Place from which fuch Coals fold by Weight fhall be lent ’nav be fituate. Sixpence for every Ton of Coals lb weighed under the Meter’s Infpeftion, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity than a Ton, and fuch Sunt of Money fhall be repaid to fuch Vender or Venders by the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Coals.

Vendor’s	CXXIII. And be it further enafted, That the Vender or Venders of;

i'lnt^vHtlr *3C 01 ^ea*er or L)ealers in fuch Coals fo fold by Weight, within the Limits Coals fold by or Diflrift of any of the Offices of the laid refpeftive Land Meters, lhali Wei6ht. deliver or caufe to be delivered to the Purchafer or Purchrders thereof, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants* immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which fuch Coais fhall he fent,

■ ' and before any of luch Coals fhall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following ; that is to fay,

‘ Mr. A. B. |'Here infert the Name of tbs Buyer3 ‘ '"pAKE Notice, that you are to receive herewith [Here infert the Num-‘ ■*- Tv] Tons [Here infert the Name of thc~\ Coals: For infpecting

*	which Coals you arc, in conformity to ati Aft of Parliament made in ‘ the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to repay ‘ me, the und.erfigned [Here infert the Name of the Seller] the Sum of 1 fHere infert the Amount of the Inflection Charge] being at and after the

*	Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coafij fokl to, and to be received by “ vou herewith.

(Signe d)	‘ C.D. [Here infert the Name of the Seller.1

(Cbiinterfigned)	* E. F. [Here infert the Name of the Meterff

And in cafe any fuch Vender or Venders do not deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Ticket as aforefaid, and fo counterfigned by a Meter as afbrefald, to the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Cords, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals are unloaded, every fuch Vender fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in cafe the Carman, Driver of, or other Perfbri attending any fuch Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any fuch Coals, to whom any fuch Ticket fhall have been given, by or by the Orders of the Vender, in order to he delivered to the Purchafer, Tbail, (having fo ft rtf received the fame from the Vender, or any Perfon

by

*235

4-°GE0RGIl III. Sefr.2. Cap. 68,

by the DirefKons of the Vender) refute or neglect to deliver fuch Ticket to the Purchafer or Purchafcrs of fuch Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of fuch Coals Omll be unloaded, fuch Carman, Driver, or other Perfon fo offending fhall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be i: enacted. That all Coals what- Coals to be fijever fold within any of the laid feveral and refpeftive Limits of this Aft, |old.frlthV five and except only fuch Coals as fhall be fold by Weight in Manner ^bvt£ aforefaid, teal I be fold eiti'.er by the Chaldron, fuch Chaldron to confift of chaldroaor Thirty-fix of fuch Bufhels fo heaped up as aforefaid, or bv the Sack, each BaflieL Sack containing Three fuch Bufhels fo heaped up as aforefaid, or elfe by fuch Buteel as aforefaid, or by the Half BuffieL, Peck, or Half Peck:

Provided fuch fmaller Meafura teall be fome Aliquot Part of fuch Bufiiel Meafure; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and every Trincipa! the Principal Meter and Meters for the '1 ime being for the faid City of Londo/w London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tvtuer Dock and Lvneboufe rr0(iuce ltj,on HtL\ in the County of Middlefix, fhall, and each and every of fuch Oath, before Principal Meter or Meters for fuch Diihift is and are refpeftively hereby the Coart cf directed and required to produce and deliver in, once or oftener in every Co-mc-Ttheir Month, before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the faid Accounts of City of Lordon, in Common Council affembled, or before fuch Perfons Metage Mo-as the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons teall for that Purpofe ap- k^hlm'aifd pint, a full, true, and accurate Account or Accounts, in Writing, veri- --a-'-Thr" tied by Affidavit, of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which fame into the teall from Time to Time, by virtue of this Aft, be received by fuch Chamber of Principal Meter or Meters for fuch Diftrift, for any Metage, Infpeftion, '"e '-‘T or Remeafurement cf any Coals which (hall be meafured, remeafured, or infpefted by any fuch Principal Meter or Meters, or by any Labouring Meter or Meters within fuch Diflrift ; and every fuch Account fo directed to be produced as aforefaid fhall, previoufly to the Produfticn thereof, be verified upon Oath by fuch Principal Meter or Meters for fuch Diftrift, before the faid Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the faid City of London, and which Oath any fuch Magi it rate is hereby authorized to adininifter ; and eveiy fuch Principal Meter cr Meters for fuch Diftrift teall, and he and they is and are hereby aifo direfted and required. Cnee or oftener in every Month, to pay into the Chamber of the faid City cf London all and every fuch Sinn and Sums of Money which teal! be fo from Time to Time, by virtue of this Aft, received by iuch Principal Meter or Meters for any fuch Metage, Infpeftion, or Remeafurement of any Coals within fuch Diflrift, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any fuch Principal Meter for fuch Diflrift teall not. Once or oftener in every Month, produce and deliver in before fuch Perfons as aforefaid, fach Account fo verified as aforefaid, or fhall not, Once or oftener in every Month, pay into toe Chamber of the faid C ty of London ail and every fuch Sum or Suras of Money as teall be fo from Time to I ime, by virtue 4 this Aft, received by fuch Principal Meter for any fuch Metage, In-ipeftion, or Remeafurement cf any fuch Coals as aforeiaid, then and in e very fach Cafe every fuch Principal Meter teal!, for every luch Olienee,

-forfeit and paranv Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

r 1	'	CXXVL	Provided

Application of Monies arifing from Metage in the London Dill riel.



4.70	GE O R G 11 III.' Seff.2. Oaf),

CXtVr. Provided alfo, and be it farther enacted, That out of the Monies which (hall be fo from lime to Time, paid into the fail Chamber of the faid City of London, by fuch refpective Principal Meters for the faid City of London and Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limeboufe IIo!c, in the County of Middlcfcx, it Audi and may be lawful to and for the l'aid Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the laid City of London in Common Council aAembled, and the faid Mayer, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, to pay or caufe to be paid fuch yearly or other Salary, or refpective Salaries, to each and every of fuch Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal 'Meiers, for the Time being, for the faid City ot London and the Liber.ies thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limebtufe Hod, in lheTaid County of Middlcfcx, as they the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council affembled, fhall from Time to Time think rcaionab’e ; and it fhall fmd may aifo be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the laid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,. ar e hereby , alfo directed and required, out of l'uch Monies which fhall be fo from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the Aid City, to pay or caufe to be paid fuch weekly Wages to each and every of the Labour ing Land Coal Meters for the faid City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limeboufe Hole, in the laid County of Middlcfex, as the faid Mayor, Aldcrmeii, and Commons, in Common Council aiferr.bled. Avail from Time to Time think proper to appoint: Provided nevertheless, that fuch weekly Wages fo to be appointed for fuch Labouring Land Coal Meters, Aiall not at any Time be lefs tnan Twenty Shillings- per Week for each and every of luch Labouring Meters : And it Aral! and may alfo be lawful to and tor the faid Mayor. Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aAembled, and they are hereby alfo direCccd and required to pay, or caufe to be paid out of fuch Monies which Aiall be fo from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the laid I ity by fuch refpective Prin.cipal Meters for fuch DiArict, the Co As, Charges, and Lxpences of maintaining, fupporting, and repairing the faid Land Coal Meters’ Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limeboufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex ; and fuch yearly or other Salary, or refpective Salaries, as the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aAembled, Aiall think reafouable to be paid to each and every of fuch Clerk and Clerks, as the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aAembled, fhall think proper or necelf.iry to employ in fuch Office, and the CoAs, Charges and Lxpences of Coals, Candles, and Furniture for fuch Land Coal Meter’s Office, and all fr.ch other Houfe Lxpences, relating to fuch Office, as to the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council affenibled, fhall feem realonable and proper: And in cafe and when and as die aforefaid Monies, which Aiall be fo from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the faid City of London by fuch rclpeftive Principal Meters for fuch DiArict, Aiall be more than fufficient for maintaining, repairing, and fupporting the faid Land Coal Meter’s Office for the faid City of London and the Liberties thereof, ami between the Tower of London and Limeboufe Hole, in the County of Middlcfcx, and for defraying the faid Lxpences of Coals, Candles, Furniture, and other Houle kx-p-ences relating to fuch Office; and alfo for the paying the Salaries which fhall be appointed to be paid as aforefaid to the refpective Principal Meters for the Time being for fuch DiArict, and to the Clerk or Clerks who

may

I

i

'*

i

i

c

i

it

is

&

I®

tl

ri

IB

&

tCt

Uj

til

Iki

fcfti

tty

Cl

1237

47° GEORG'II III. SefT.2. Cap.68.

may be employed in fuch Office as aforefaid ; and the weekly Wages of each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for fuch Dillrict; then and in every'fuch-Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mavor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflembled, and the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby alfo directed and required to reduce the Sum or Sums of Money which are by this Act Overplus to directed to be paid for the Rletage, Infpection, or Rcmeafurement of any ,>e applied in Coals within the faid City of London and die Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehoifte Hole, in the County of Middlefcx, to fuch Duties jCthe Sum or Sums of Money as fliall be fufficient for fuch feveral Purpofes ; London and it fnall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Ldlruft. Commons again to raife fuch Sum or Sums of Money to anv Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum or Sums granted by this Act, when and fo often as it fliall be neceflary for fuch feveral Purpofes.

CXXV1I. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Wall’s End, Confumer. and to the Prevention of Frau Is and Iinpofitions, of or L'ealers in Coals were refolded from mixing Coals of different HeSuurn Sorts, except in certain Cafes herein txcep ed; be it therefore further Main Hca-enacled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for anv Vender or ton Mam, Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpedive Cities of London and We ft min ter, or the re- bum, Wii-fpedive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Pans of the refpedive lington Kil-Counties of Middicfcx, Hurry, Kent, and Ejjix, as is or are fituate within ,1^jf'vort'1’ the Di.lance of i v/enty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, \iaia Coals to mix or lay up in One Heap or Parcel, or caufe to be mixed or laid up may be mixed in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehoufe, Repofitorv, or other conve- together, and nient Place, or to fell or caufe to be fold when mixed, all or any Two k^^the or more of the Nine Sorts or Defcriptions of Coals, called refpedively, <* ifift Coal* Wall’s End Coals, Temple’s Wall’s End Coals, Hebburn Main Coals, mixed.’’ Heaton Main Coals, Biggs Main Coals, South Hebbum Coals, Willing-ton Coals, Killingfworth Coals, and Percy Main Coals, and fuch Nine feveral Sorts of Coals, or any 1 wo or more of them, may be fo mixed to:ether in any Proportions whatfoever; but no fuch Coals, when fo mixed or heaped together, or any Part or Parts thereof, fhali, after tl e mixing thereof, be fold or lent to any Purchafer or Purchafers unlcfs fuch Cnals be fold by Wharf Meafure, nor unlefs fuch be fold and be deferibed in the Vender’s Ticket to be fent therewith, as and for and by the Name of “ Bed Coals mixedand if any fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fliall fell or caufe to be fold, or fend or caufe to be fent to any Purchafer or Purchafers, any fuch Coals fo mixed or compounded of all or any Two or more of the faid Nine Sorts or Defcriptions of Coals, or any Part or Parts of fuch Coals fo mixed, by or as or for any other Meafure than Wharf Meafure, or without fuch Coals fo fold or lent being fold and alfo deferibed in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the fame, as and for and by the Name of “ Beft Coals mixed,” then ard in every fuch Cafe every inch Vender or Dealer fo offending, fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVIII. And be it further enaHed, That it fhall and maybe lawful Hartley, to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, B.ythe and within the faid Port of London, or within the faid refpedive Cities o	’	*£

{Loc• & /Vr.J	14 L	London	j^edtoge.

A. 3,3*,

ther, and fold 'by either of thole Names.

Oleinn^s of Coal Barges wjien red need to Five Chaldrons, Wharf Meafure, may be heaped up and mixed together in any Ware-iioufe j

but the fame to be fold by Wharf M-a-fure, ajid de-feribed io the Vender’s Ticket as “ Coals of different Sorts mixed ” Penalties on Venders dif-•obeying.

No other Coals to be mixed.

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 68.

London and We/iminjier, or the refpe&ive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the respective Counties of MiJdLfex, Surrey, Kent, and EJfex, as is or are f’tuate within the Diftance of Twen?/ five Miles from the Royal Exchange afore faid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Parcel, or caufe to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Pared, in any Ware-houfe, Repofitory, or other convenient Place, or to fell or caufe to be fold, when mixed, all or any Two of tire Three Sorts or Deicription- ol Coals, •called refpectively, Blythe Coals, Hartley Coals, and Couptn Main Coals: And it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Vender or Dealer to fell any fuch Coals, -when fo mixed, as and for and by the Name of any or either of fuch Three refpedive Sorts of which fuch Coals fo fold fliall be mixed or compounded.

C.XXIX. And be it further enafted. That when the Coals laden on board any Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts, lying at or near any Wharf or Wharfs, or other Place or Places, within the laid Port of London, fliall be fo reduced in Quantity as that the Whole of the Coals contained in each and every one fuch Lighter, Barge, or Craft, fliall not exceed Five Chaldrons, Wharf Meafure, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the faid Port of London, or within the faid relpedive Cities of London and Wejbn'wjlcr, or the refpedive Liberties thereof, or within luch Part or Parts of the refpedive Counties of Middlefex, Surry, Kent, and EJfex, as is or are fituate within the Diftance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforef.id, to mix and lay up, or caufe to be mixed and laid up, from Time to Time, in One Heap or Parcel, in any Warehoufe, Repofitory, or other convenient Place, all or any of luch remaining Parcels or Clearings ol Coals, out of each and every or any of fuch Lighter or Lighters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts; but no fuch remaining Quantities of Coals, when fo mixed or heaped up together, or anv Part or Parts thereof, fliall, after the Mixing thereof, be fold or lent to any Purchafer or Purchafers, unlefs fuch Coals be fold by Wharf Meafure, nor unk-fs fuch Coals be fold, and be deferibed in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the fame, as and for and by the Name of “ Coals of different Sorts mixed and if any fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fliall mix or lay up in any Warehoufe or other Repofitory, any Two or more remaining Quantities or Clearings of Coals out of any fuch Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, any or either of which remaining Quantities or Clearings Full exceed hive Chaldrons Wharf Meafure; or if any fuch Vtrider or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fliall fell or caufe to be fold or lent to any Purchafer or Purchafers, any fuch remaining Coals fo mixed and cleared out of any fuch Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, or any Part or Parts of fuch mixed Remainders of Coals, by, or as, or lor any other Meafure than Wharf Meafure, or without fuch Coals lb fold or lent being loid, and alio deferibed in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the lame, as and for and by the Name of “ Coals of different Sorts mixed,” then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Vender or Dealer fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXX. And be it further enaded, That no fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the faid Port of London, or within the. faid refpedive Cities of London and Wtjlmmjter, or the rapec-

tive

1239

47° GEORG 11 III. SeT.2. Cap. 68.

tive Liberties thereof, or within fuch Part or Parts of the refpec-tive Counties of NLJdleftx, Surrey, Kent, and EJfex, as is or are fituate within the Diihnc'e of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforefaid, lhall mix or caufe to be mixed for Sale, or (hall knowingly fell, or caufe to be fold when mixed, any Co alt whatfoever of Two or more different Sorts Names, or Deicriptions, unlefs fuch Coals of fuch Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Deicriptions, (hall confift either wholly of Wall’s End, Temple’s Wall’s End, Hebbum Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main, South Hebburn, Willington, Killingfworth, and Percy Main Coals, or wholly of foine Two or more of fuch Nine Sorts of Coals, or wholly of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals aforefaid, or wholly of any Two of fuch Three Sorts of Coals, or otherwife wholly of Coals which (hall have been cleared out of any fuch Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whofe relpetfive Loadings lhall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to'a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Mea-fure; and if any fuch Vender or Dealer (hall mix or caufe to be mixed for Sale, or ftiall knowingly fell, or caufe to be fold when mixed, any Coals whatfoever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Defcriptions, which Coals when fo mixed, (hall not conlilf either entirely of Wall’s End, Temple’s Wall’s End, Hebburn Main, Hearon Main, Biggs Main, South hebburn, Willington, Killingfworth, and Percy Main Coals, or entirely of fome Two or more of fuch Nine Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Blvthe. Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals, or entirely of fome Two of fuch Three Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Coals that (hall have been cleared out of any fuch Lighters, Barges, or other Craft, whofe re-fpective Loadings (hall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Meafure, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Vender or Dealer fo offending lhali, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty-Pounds.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be taken or conlfrued to extend, fo as to hinder or prevent any fuch Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Healers in Coals within any of the feveral and refperfive Limits of this A:t, from laying or (loring up for Sale in any Warehoufe or Repofitory, or other convenient Place, any Quantifies whatfoever of Coals, of as many different Sorts, Names, or Defcriptions, as he, Ihe, or they (hall refpec-tively think fit, provided fuch different Sorts, Names, or Defcriptions of Coals he refpeciively laid and kept in fuch Warehoufe or other Repofitory in feparate and diftinrf Parcels, and wholly unmixed, and provided no fuch Coals be fold by any other than Wharf Meafure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of fuch Sorts of fuch Coals as (hall be fold and fent from anv fuch Warehoufe or other Repofitory being expreffed in the Vender’s Ticket to be fent therewith to any Purchafer or Purchafers; and if anv fuch Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, (hall fell or caufe to be fold, by any other than by Wharf Meafure, any Coals out of any fuch Warehoufe or other Repofitory, in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may be fo ftored or depofited, or (hall not infert, or caufe to be inferted, in the Vender’s 1 icket to be fent with fuch Coals, the true Name cr Names of each and every Sort of fuch Coals as (hall be fent from or out of any fuch Warehoufe, Repofitory,

Aft not t»

prevent the itorinir up of different Sorts ofCoals in n Ware-houfe, provided fuch different Sorts be kept in dif. tioft Parcels.

No Coals to be fold by-other than Wharf Meafure, or without the true Nanvs of each Sort beinpr ex-prefled in the Vender’s Ticket.

1240

Pror'iGons re-fpefting Coal Sheds or Warehoufes •where Coals are fold in Quantities not exceeding Half a Chaldron.

This Adi not to prevent the Sale of Coals already mixed.

Court of Al-

n may make Bye Haws to regulate the Market.

470 GEORG 11 III. Sell 2. Cap. 68.

torv, or other Place, to any Pur chafer or Purchnfers, then and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Vender or Dealer fo-offending, (Hall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fiity Pounds.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to hi der or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Healer or Dealers in Coals, within the feveral and refpedive Limits of this Ad, who (hall keep any Coal Shed, Shop, or Warehoufe, where Coals (hall be fold in Quantities not greater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals (hall ever be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, or caufing to be mixed or heaped together, in fuch Shed, Shop, or Warehoufe, any Quantity or Quantities whatfoever, of any and as many different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions of Coals, as he, (he, or they (hall refpeetively think (it, or from felling or caufing to be fold fuch Coals when fo mixed: Provided neverthelefs, that fuch Coals when fo mixed (hall be fold as and for and by the Name of “ Mixed Coals,” and (hall not be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor (hall be fold at any other Place than at tire Shop, Shed, or Warehoufe, where the fame (hall have been fo mixed.

CXXXIII. Provided alio, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to hinder dr prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the faid feveral and refpedive Limits of this Ad from felling or caufing to be fold any mixed Coals whatfoever, which (hall have been mixed at any Time before the Firil Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feven : Provided neverthelefs, that fuch Coals (hall be fold as and for and (hall be deferibed in the Vender’s Ticket to be fent therewith, as and for and by the Name of “ Warehoufe Coals.”

CXXXIV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, from Time to Time, to make, oidain, and eftablifh fuch Orders Rules, and Bye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or rep. al tlje fame, or any of them, for die regulating, g iverning, and managing the faid Market, and all Eredions, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and alfo for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in fuch Market, and all other her ions coming thereto, or tranfad-ing any Bufinefs therein, as to the faid Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and alfo from Time to l ime, as Occafion (hall require, to repeal, amend, and alter fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and alfo to fix and appoint certain reafonable Penalties or Forfeitures for the Non-ob(ervance or Non-performance, or other Breach of any fuch Rule, Order, or Bye Law, not exceeding the .Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (halt and may be recovered by Inch Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Ad: Provided always, that no .fuch Rule, Order, or Bye Law, be repuanant to or inconftifent with the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or contrary to the Diredions and Provifions in this Ad contained.

CXXXV. And

^GECRGII III. Scff.2. Cap.68.	1241

CXXXV. And be it further enafted, That no fuch Order, Rule, or Such l>ye Bye Law, (hall be good, valid, or effectual, nor (hall any fuch Order,

Fule, or Bye Law; be amended, altered, or repealed, fave and except X^dVv'1 fuch Order, Rule, or Bye Law, or any Amendment, Alteration, or o\	•	.,re

Repeal of any fuch Order, Rule, or Bye Law, (hall have been fubmirted of .ht judge* to, and allowed aiul approved of, from Time to Time, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Juftice and the Reft of the Juft ices of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Juftice and the Reft of the Jultices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Reft of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, who are and is hereby empowered and required, on Requeft from Time to Time to them or him made by or on Behalf of the faid Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to perufe and examine all fuch ('rders, Rules, or Bye Laws, as (hall from Time to Time be made, amended, altered, or repealed, by the faid Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, in purfuance of this Aft, and laid before them or 1dm the faid Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Juftice and the Reft of the Jultices of the Court cf King’s Bench, the Lord Chief Juftice and the Reft of the Juftices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rett of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and to alter and amend all fuch Orders,

Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to allow and approve of, or difallow and dilapprove ot the fame, or any Part thereof, or to allow and approve of, or to difallow or difapprove of the Repeal of the Whole or any Part thereof, as to them or him (hall from Time to Time feem proper and expedient, and lor doing thereof no Fee or Reward (hall be paid or taken.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That all fuch BycLawtt® Rules, Orders, and Bye Law's, fo to be from Time to Time made, ubli&ci altered, amended, or repealed, by the faid Court of Lord Mayor and ““ p Aldermen, (hall be printed, and fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and the feveral Alterations and Amendments made therein, and the Repeal thereof refpeftively, (hall alfo be made public in luch other Manner as the faid Court of Lord Mayor and •Idermen (hall think proper, and (hall from Time to Time order and direft.

CXXX VII. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be	^'.o

lawful to and for the faid Mtyor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council a (Tomb led, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Com- mimes, mittee or Committees to manage and tranlaft all or any of the Matters or Purpofcs, which they the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflemhte.d, are hereby auihorifcd and required to do, execute, or perform, which Committee cr Committees fo to-be appointed (hall have fuch or fo much of the Powers and Authorities by this Aft given to the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council affembied, (hall think fit or proper to delegate to fuch Committee or Committees^

CXXXYIII Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted. That if Pcrfnns mte. any Per!on, being a Member of any fuch Committee, (hall be directly or T1 *

[Lee. £5* Per.]	14	M	indirectly	6

t 24-2

fucH Com-jnittees.

Perfons not {set of the

City may be employed.

5 Eiiz. c. 4.

Securities ‘a be entered in jt Book.

The Chamberlain to keep the £01 Its provided under the t f the 43 & ^40.3.

47° GEOR 311 III. Seff.2. Cap.6S.

in liredly interefted or concerned in any Contrad) which (hall he made or

entered into by or on Behalf of fuch Committee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in purfuance of this Adi, or for or concerning any Materials to .be ufed or employed therein, every fuch Contract Iha’l be void, and the Perfon who, being a Member of fuch Committee, lhall be fo interefted or concerned, mall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Perfon or Perfons who fliail iue for the fame.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Com-mittees fo to be appointed (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empow ered, from Time to Time, to employ any fit Perfon or Perfons, whether free of the City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters, or Things, which they fhall caufe to be performed or done by virtue or in purfuance of this Act, and to contract for the doing and Performance of fuch Works, Matters, and "t hings, or any of them, with any Perfon or Perfons, in fuch Manner as the laid Committee or Committees fliail think fit; and that no Perlon or Perfons who fhall be fo employed or con-traded with, in, about, or for any of the Purpofes of this ad, nor any Perfon or Perfons to be fet to work by or under them, or any of them, {hall, for any Act done or to be done in or about tht Pren ills, be fubjed fir liable to any Adtion, Indictment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fil h Year of htr M;1 jelly Queen Elizabeth, intituled, , n Ad containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labouret s, Se* vants oj Ihtjbandry, and Apprentices, or be liable to-be fued for any Breach of the Cullom of London, or for any Penalty inihdted by any By l.aw of the laid City.

CXL. And be it further enadted, That the Chamberlain of the faid City of London for the Time being fhall enter in a B ok or Booths kept for that Purpofe, all Securities for Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted, in purfuance of the faid Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of’His prefent Majelty, or either of fuch Ads, and all Affign-mer.ts and Transfers thereof, expreffing in Words at l.ength the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Defcriptions of all fu$h Perfons as (hall from Time to Time be entitled to fuch Securities, and the Sums received upon fuch Securities, and the Days whereon the faid Annuities rdpedively fhall be payable, of which no Entry or hntries have or hath been made in any Book or Books; and fliail alfo keep or continue to keep and preferve all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries relating to any fuch Monies have been already made, in purfuance of the faid Ads of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, or either of fuch Ads re-fpcdively; and all and every Perfon and Perfons entitled to or interefted in fuch Annuities fhall, at all feafonableTimes in the Day, have accefs, with free Liberty to infpect all and every fuch Books or Book, without Fee or Reward.

CXLI. And be it further cnaded, That the Chamberlain of the faid City for the Time being fh«ll keep, or continue to keep and preferve, all ami every Book or 1 ooks in tvi icii any Monies which, by virtue of the laid recited Ads of the Forty-third and iorty-iourth Years rff the Reign of His pre'eht Majelty, or either of fuch Ads, fliail have, been railed or borrowed upon the Credit of the Duty of Coals granted by fuch Ads

refpedively.

*243

^•fcEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap.68.

rripcftivcly fhall have been entered or fet down, or wherein alfo any.

Monies p*id and difburfed out of the Monies received, or the Time when, the Occafions for which, or the Names of the Perfons to whom the fame may have been fo paid, (hall have been entered and let down in purfuancc of fuch Afts or either of them.

CXLII. And be it further enafted, That the Chamberlain of the faid Chamberlain City for the Time being fliall keep One or more Book or Books, in to keep Ac-which all the Monies to Ire received in refpeft of the aforefaid Duty upon counl3 of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, by virtue of this Aft, fliall from Time to Time be entered and fet down; and wherein alfo all the Monies to be mews, of the paid and difburfed out of the Monies already received by virtue of the Duty on laid Two lad mentioned Acts, or either of them, or to be received by S 03l?’ 9ia* virtue of this Aft, fliall from Time to Time be entered and fet cJlmf down; and fuch Entries fliall fpecify the Times when, the Occafions for which, and the Names of the Perfons to whom the fame fliall be fo paid.

CXEI’I. And be it further enafted, That the faid Mayor, Aldermen, and The City Commons fliall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener, if required, lay	*c*

before bo h Houfes of Parliament an Account of the Produce of the faid p Duly of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, hereby granted and made payable upon Coal, Cinders, and Culm, and alfo of all Receipts and Difburfe-me.'ifs leceived or paid for or on account of the faid Market, and alfo an Account of the Quantity of Coals fold in each and every fuch Market, and cf die Prices theieof.

CXI,IV7. And be it further enacted. That the Chamberlain of the faid City for the Time being fliall keep One or more Book or Books, in which cour,Ct'of Re. all fhe Mon'es to be received by virtue of this Act, in refpeft of the Metage, ccipti and Infpeftion, or Remeafurement of any Coals meafured, infpefted, or re- Diibu «-meafured within the laid City of I.ondvr. and the Liberties thereof, between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlefex, fliall from ,‘|ie Metago Time to lime be entered and fet down, wherein alfo all the Mornes to be Monies, paid and difburfed out of the Monies fo to be received, (hull from Time to Time be entered and fet down ; and fuch Entries fliall fpecify the Times when, the Occafions for which, the Names of the Perfons to whom the fame fliad be paid.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the faid Mayor, Aldermen, ^l]'>Cf‘‘?ha'ia and Commons, fhall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener if required, m(,n.

Jay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account of Monies to be received tinned Ac-by virtue of this Aft in refpeft of the Metage, Infpeftion, or Remeafurement =<>“"» * bo of any Coals within fuch laft mentioned Diftrift, and alfo of all Difburfe-marts paid for or on account of the laid Land Coal Meter’s Gflice for iuch Diftrift.

C.XLVI. And be it further enafted, That all Fines. Penalties, or For-futures by this Ad, or bv virtue ot the Powers and Authorities thereof exC€e<jing impofed. (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby Twenty ot.erwife direfted), not exceeding Twenty Pounds, fliall be fued for la nds to be Within One Calendar Month after the, Offence or Offences committed; anil all fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, fliall be levied and re- t;ccofty,e J , ■	covered	t ea(.e.

1244

GEORG 11 ITT. 2. Cty.-68.

covered before any Juftice or juft ices of the )Pea$e for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence lhail be committed; and fuch Juftire or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or

Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons oy Warrant to bring before him or them fuch Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as fhall be in fuch Warrant fpecified ; and if on tile Conviction of the Offenders re I pe tti v el v, either on his, her, or their Confeffion, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witnefs. or Witueffes upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to adininiller\ fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, fhall not be forthwith paid, the fame fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, , by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raifed by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, after deducting the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and C harges of making fuch Diftrefs and Sale, fhall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained; and for want of Diftrefs, or in cafe the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for ftnh Juftice or Juftices to commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Iioufe of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, mall be fountr paid; and One Moiety of all fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when paid, fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall go to Pis Majefly, His Heirs and Succeffors, or fhall be applied in fuch Mariner, for carrying this Atf into Execution, as the Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Conviction fhall take place fhall direef.

Appealtethe CXLVII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful Quarter sef- to and for any Perfon or Perfons fo convicted by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences againft this Act, or againft any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in purfuance thereof, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace affembled at the next General Quarter Se’flions or General Seffions to be holden for the County,

C ty, or P at;’, where fuch Conviction fhall be made, on giving imnie. djate Notice of fuch Appeal, and finding fufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice or Juftices, for profecuting the faid Appeal with Efi'e£t, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and luth Juftices, hi fuch Genera! Quarter Seffions or General Seflion*, (hail hear and determine the Matier of fuch Appeal, and may either confirm or quafh and annul the faid Conviction, and award luch Cofts to either Party as to them ihefaid Juftices fhall feem juft and reafonable; md the Decifion of the fa;d Juftices therein fhall be final, binding, and conclufive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in puiiuance of this Act, fhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form or.lv, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at We/hn'ujter or tlfewhepe; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywik notwithftauding.

For fiimmon- CYLVIII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be law-iii>It-	ful to and for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, befene whom

ndiL,	any fuch Fine;, Penalties, or Forteiuies fhall be feed for, to feramon

9	before

47° GEORGII III. Sefl". 2. Cap. 68.	1545

before him or them any Perfon or Perfons who /hall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them, appear to be a neceffary Witnefs as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be ipeeified in the Summons; and in cafe fuch Perfon fo fum-moned Hull not appear according to fuch Summons, then, upon due Proof of the Service of fuch Summons in Manner aforefaid, fuch Perfon fo fum-moned, and not appearing in Compliance therewith, fhall forfeit and pay the Sunt of Twenty Pounds, to be levied anil recovered in fuch Manner, and by fuch Ways and Means, as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juft ice or Juftices, to caufefuch Perfon to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether fuch Perfon fhall appear upon Summons as aforefaid, or fhall be apprehended as aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the Matter of fuch Complaint or Information; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer, or to give Evidence therein, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon fo refilling to be fworn, or to anfwer, or to give Evidence as aforefaid, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the City,

County* or Place, in or for which fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall then aft, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CXLIX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfort or Perfons* Penalty on Upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before any Juftice or Sui Juftices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Aft, fhall wilfully and ° crJurlr-corruptly give falfe Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall take or make any falfe Oath or Affidavit with refpect to any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convicted thereof, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as, by any Law in force and effeft, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liabld to.

C.L. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, Penalties exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Aft impofed, for any Of- “bcve 2<jl. fence or Offences committed againft this Act, fhall and may be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminftcr, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed, by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or OSences fhall be committed ; and one Moiety of all fuch Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, fhall be to and for the Ufe of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Cofts of Suit") fhall be to and for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame.

CLI. And be it further enafted, That when any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the fu| tor want Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor fhall the Party or Parties of Form, making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defect or W vt of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Dil- at) j Lee. £r Pcr.~]	14 N—0	treis,

l'«q35i

Form of Conviction.

47°'GEORGH III. MM Cap. 6$.

,._trets, or the Proceedings relating' thereto, nor flial! the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpafiers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which Ihall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties diftraining; but the Perfon, or Perfons . aggrieved bv fuch Irregularity Ihall and may recover full'Satisiudfcfah for tlje Special1 Damage fuftained in an Action on

the Cafe. ■ , ‘1’.

tod landtfw	hits	t<ro;;Jiul	'{	.

CLII. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Convidion of Offenders again!! this Ad, be it further enacted, That every Juflice of the Peace, before whom any Perfon Ihall be convided of any Offence againlt this Ad, Ihall and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

*	T)E it remembered. That on the	Day of	in	the

*	^ Year of our Lord	A.	B.

*	is convided before me	One	of	His	Majelty’s

*	Juftices of the Peace for the	[Here	fpecify	the	Offence

‘ and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Cafe may he] e contrary to an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty-feventh Year of the *■ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here infert the Title of this ‘ Act]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year firll: above ‘ written.	‘	C.	D.'

Plaintiff not CLIII. And be it further enaded, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Ihall to recover recover in any Adion to be commenced again!! any Perfon or Perfons for after Tender any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing Ihall o .mens. have becn given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before fuch Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecify-ing the Caufe of fuch Adion, nor Ihall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adion if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender Ihall have been made, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, Ihe, or they Ihall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order, and Judgement Ihall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation	CLIV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Adion or Suit Ihall

of Aaions. be commenced again!! any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every fuch Adion or Suit Ihall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Caufe of Adion Ihall arife; and if any fuch Adion or Suit Ihall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice Ihall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or Ihall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury Ihall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Ihall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants IhaFTliave appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement Ihall be given again!! the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants mall recover Double Colls, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant'hath for Cods of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

47° GEORGII III. SciT.2. Cafr68.

1247

CLV. ADd be it further cna&ed,-That this Aft (hall commence and take Commcnce-place, from and after the Fourth Day of OBoicr. One thoufand eight hun- of dred and feven.	c	i	‘

. ■ • •

CLVI. And be it further enafted, That" this Aft fliall be deemed Publick Aft. and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fliall Be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeciafly pleaded.	.	j	*rt

The SCHEDULE to which this Adi refers.

PAYMENTS payable to the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters, by Ship Owners, Coal Buyers, or Dealers.

By the Ship Owner or Owners.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Twenty Chaldrons for working at the Vat, and fo on in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Day for every Day that the Meters (hall be on board of any Ship or Veffel for the Purpofe of meafuring Coals thereout, in lieu of Provifions and Drink.

The Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for travelling Expences, when employed in the Admeafurement of Coals in any Ship or Veffel below Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

The Sum of One Guinea, upon the Delivery, for each and every Ship or other Veffel, in the Room of all Allowances in Coals, and all other Gratuities, by or on the Behalf of the Ship Owners.

By the Buyer or Buyers of, or Dealer or Dealers in. Coals.

For making out and delivering to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, a general Bill or Account of the Coals admeafured or delivered out of any Ship or other Veffel, on the Account of any Buyer or Buyers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, for each and every fuch Bill or Account, the feveral Sums following; that is to fay : The Sum of Three-pence for any Quantity of Coals lefs than Fifty Chaldrons, fpecified therein; the Sum of Sixpence for any Quantity of Coals fpecified therein equal to Fifty and lefs than One hundred Chaldrons ; and the Sum of Nine-pence for any Quantity of Coals fpecified therein, equal to One hundred 6haldrons and lefs than Two hundred Chaldrons; and for Two hundred Chaldrons and any greater Quantity, the Sum of One Shilling.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Sing’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1807.

Jfi

\ v '

.n ?> ,sr|i.j3‘ :J!I	' ' j *

" * ’ :	.	.fi / ‘ '} 3 :v

• I	...	.	.	.

•	%\	■'.!?	;	tT * :■	';f,	\	:	-

I v I s.I V; 1 -Tj ,	''

\	„	J	& i . ■ .i j w

-o} w‘J;UC-

r i \.

v -b	>»r)

* ■ *

• •'.’iUi.'O •.	'

1	• • -f 'r -	•fr"'

• ; • ■ -

• -..........................•••: .

T;-	•

.

i :.v.v ■

T.. 'l\ ■ r 1 ,v.u[ T‘> tf;i	.«J

Lj^>. ! i’Oitajf fi {i.jy	-j.-.V<y

A "	.	i7li!:J“OC...u X1 ;	'	*'	’	UJ-	"

V'^	:	J ' ’ • ’ C 1J	?.v li././U v	'3

r; ?■	,MT:rr\:	. • . .1 j s.:*

■	■	■	...	.	■	r.	u

- . ,^'V.	; • .r	k.	' ;:-c. itij ; ji:3“ : • 5	I

i..	j	.	•.	.	. i[} . . u. . .	>	•

.-jri	7i	»au	.	<niK	-ar	-i	:	•'	.	•	*,

cv,-r j->.i, •	<:.}•.	'

> j:.i • .o	sxil	i	on	.	?	•	:	'

,j;	'■	v*fi.TCK^	fiT«	r.nyCi	a*v.	s’j	:

.■/ 'I-’!	j..3	t>: i.-	;

.dMj



'

.	i

. : *’x •

:ro- ra .

> vUf

Jl feilj j

,/aT£-<;rd

. t ;

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Self 2.

******♦*****************»**#**»****##***)(:-* ***********

Cap. 69.

An A£l for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of feveral Acts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Ke?it.

[8th Auguft 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years .

of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled. An AH 11	'5'

for the Repair of Dover Harbour, cerrain Rates and Duties were granted and made payable upon the lever.d Ships and Veffcls therein deferibed, for the Maintenance and Support or the laid Harbour, and certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Warden cr his Lieutenant, with the major Part of the other Afiiftants of the laid Hatbour, for the Purpofe of carrying fuch Aft into Execution, and (uch Aft was to have Continuance until the Fi. ft Dayo\May One thot land feven hundred and nine : And whereas, by One other Aft made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An Aft for enlarging the »&-3ftnrt. Term of Tears, granted Ly an AH pcfjcd in the Seft on of Parliament, held 7’ in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of King William the Third, Jor the Repair of Dover Harbour-, and by Two other Afts, Onemiadc in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fltft, indtulej, An AH for en- 4G, 1 c. ij. larging the Term cf 2'ca.ts granted by tie AHs of the Eleventh end Twelfth Tears of King William the Third, a d Second end Third Tears of Queen Anne, for the Repair cf Dover Harbour ; and the other tr ade :n the Ninth Year of the Reign of His fa id M-ijeftv, intituled. An AH for completing 5s.i,c 5o. the Repairs of the Harbour of D.;ver, tn the County <f Kent, and for re-\Loc. & PerJ]	14 P	Ming

1254

47° GEORGII III. SeR*. 2. Cap. 6g.

(luring the Haibour of Rye,' in the County of Suffcx, to Us ancient Gocdnefs\ and by one other Aft made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Aft for continuing the Term and Powers granted and given by the Abls gaped in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the Ninth and Tenth Tears of the Reign cf His late Majejly King Geo’ge. for repairing the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent, and for reflating the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sufi'ex, to its ancient Goodnefs; she Did recited Aft of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William she Third, and the Rates or Duties thereby granted, were continued to the Twelfth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-five, and direfted to be applied for the (tveral Purpofes therein nnntioned : And whereas by one other Aft made in the Thirty-firft 31 G. i. c. s. Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Aftfor enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by feveral A As of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County cf Kent, One Moiety of the Paid Rates or Duties, and the fevera! Provisions contained in the faid recited Afts, fo far as the fame related to fuch Moiety, were granted and continued until the Twelfth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty.fix: And whereas by one other Aft made in the Twenty-fixth Year of U. j. c. 11. the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for enlarging the Term cffeveral Aids of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Haibour, fucli Moiety cf the faid Rates and Duties, and the fevera! Provifions contained in the faid recited Afts, fo far as the fame related to fuch Moiety, were continued from the faid Twelfth Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and fqw thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament: And whereas the faid Warden and Afliftants have proceeded to carry the faid recited Afts into Execution to the great Benefit of Shipping and rf Merchants and others, and have borrowed confiderable Sums of Money on the Chedic of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, but owing to the Infufficitncy of the prtfent Rates and Duties the faid Harbour is now very much out of Rtpair, and the South Pier Head which is ex poled to the ftrong South and South-Weft Winds, is in fo ruinous and dangerous a Stare, that the Foundation thereof has bulged out, and the Body of it is partly funk, and the molt ferious Apprehenfions are entertained, that uniels a New Pier Head is immediately conftrufted, the prefent Pier Head will by the Force of the Waves be wholly fwepe away, by which the faid Harbour would in a few 7 ides be choaked up with I Sand and Beach, which could r.ot be removed but at a very greac Ex-pvnee, and after a long Period of Time, during which Time no Shelter or Protection could be afforded to Veflels in Dilireis; and Parr of the Monies fo borrowed are now due and owing, and cannot be paid oft’ and dif-charged, or the laid Harbour put into proper and fufficient Repair, except the ancient Rates and Duties be again icftored to the fame Amount as the Rates and Duties granted by the faid reuted Aft, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, and the Term granted by the faid recited Aft, made in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prelent Majefty, which is now nearly expiring, be extended, and the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Afts, lb far as the lame relate to the faid Harbour of Dover, be altered and enlarged: But as fuch fe-veral Purpofes cannot be efiefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 69,

with the Advice and Cor.fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled. and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Pro-vifions Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Gaults, Matters, and Things, in tne laid recked Ads conta.ned, fo f..r as the fame relate to the faid Harbour of Dover (fave and except fuch Pans th rcof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and fave and except lu h P.rts thereof refpectively as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), Hull be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-afeer mentioned for carrying this Ad into Execution, as fully and effectually, to ail Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enadtd in the Body of this prefent Ad.

II.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Affiftants, of the Lid Harbour of Dover, to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, the Rates or Duties following, that is to fay, from the Maker, Owner, or Skipper, of every Ship, Veffel, or Craver, belonging to any of His Majeky’s Subjeds, of the Burthen of Twenty Tons, or more, and net exceeding the Burthen of Three hundred Ton5, palling from, to, or by Dover, or coming into the Harbour there, not having a Cecket or Receipt, tekifying his Payment of fuchRateorDuty before on that Voyage, the Sum of Three-pence for every Ton of the Burthen thereof (fave and except Ships in B.tliak, and fuch Ship, Veffel, or Crayer, as fhail be wholly laden with Coals, Culm, Grindltone, or Purieck or Portland Stones) j and for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, Ton of Grindltone, Purieck or Portland Stones, on board of fuch Ship, Veff:l, or Crayer, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, ar.d from the Maker, Owner, or Skipper of every Ship, Veffel, or Crayer, belonging to any Perlon or Perfon5 not being a Subject or Subjeds of His Majeky, of the Burthen of Twenty Tons, or mere, and not exceeding the Burthen of Three hundred Tors, the Sum of Three-pence for every Ton of the Burthen of fuch Ship, VciTel, cr Crayer (iave and except Snips in Bailalt, and fuch Ship, Veffel, or Gayer, as fhail be laden with Coals, Culm, Grindkoncs, or Purieck or Portland Stones); and for every Chaldron ot Coals, or Culm, Ton of Grindftones, Purbeck or Portland Stones, on board cf fuch Ship, Veffel, or Crayer, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny ; and from the Mailer, Owner, or Skipper of every Ship, Veffel, or Crayer of the Burthen of Three hundred Tons and upwards, actually entering the faid Harbour, not having a Cocket or Receipt teftifying his Payment of fuch Kate before on that Voyage, the Sum cf Three-pence for evety Ion of the Burthen thereof (lave and except Ships rn Ballak, and fuch Ship, Veffel, or Crater as fhail be wholly laden with Coals, Culm, Grinckone, or Purieck, or Portland Stone); and for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, Ton of Grindkone, Portland, or Pu'leck Stone, on board oi luch Ship, V;ffd, or Craver, theSuin cf One Peony Halfpenny; and alliuch Rates and Duties fhail be paid t > the Cukomer cr C Hector of the Cukoms, or their Deputies, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as ibali be appointed by the laid Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Alliltanrs of the laid Harbour, to receive the lame in fuch Port or Place whence fuch Ship,Veffel, or Crayer, (ball depart, or where luch Ship, V effel, or Crayer, fhail arrive, before luch Ship.V effel, or Crayer, fhail depart fiotn luch Port or Place on her outward-bound Voyage, or where foen Ship,

Vefleli

l255

Afts continued

Rates to be

collet ted.

1256	47°GEORGI1	Iif. SeiT. 2.	Cap.69,

Vtffel, or Grayer, frail arrive on her homeward-bound Voyage, before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fhall be unladen hertfrrm, and all fuch Rates and Duties given and grained by this Aft, lhall be levied, collected ar.d accounted for, by fuch Cuttomer, t.r Collector of the ClMcitis, ami their Deputies (lavt and except as may be here in excepted) by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch and the like Manner, as the Rates and Duties given and granted by the laid recited Aft, made in the bleventh and Twelfth Years ot King William the Third, are directed to belevicd, collected, and accounted for.

t'nwrr tc vary W. And be it further eaafled, That it (ball and may be lawful to JUtci.	and for the faid Warden, or his Lieutenant, together iv.th the major Part

of the other Affiftants of the faid Harbour, as aforelaid, to vary or diminifh the Rates and Duties fo impofed, and to raile or reltore the lame again as often as they fhall judge proper, provided that no higher Rates or Duties be at any Time impofed or made payable than herein-befote Bientioned, and fo that whenever any Alteration (hall be made in the faid Rates or Duties, all and Angular fuch Rates or Duties fhall be varied, diminilhed, railed again, or rellored, rateably and proportionably, or as near as Circumftances will admit: Provided neverthelefs, that when the whole Money borrowed and due and owing on the Credit of the faid Rates and Duties fhall not have been paid off and dilcharged, lu h Rates and Duties (ball not be hfientd or reduced without the Confent of the Per-fon 01 Perfons entitled to Five Sixths of the Monty due upon the Credit of the faid Rates and Duties.

IV. Provided always, and be it crafted, That norhirg in the faid recited Afts, or this Act, contained, fhall extend, or be confirued to extend, fo as to charge any Collier, Coafting VelTel, or Crayer, with the laid Rates and Duties, or any of them, oftener than once in any one Year,

a* not to V. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft con ■

m!j"flvu H * t£''‘ed fhall extend, or be c Jnftrued to extend, to charge any Ships or VefTels

Strips. ‘ * belonging to H.s Majeity, or that fhall or may be employed in His Service, with any of the Rates or Duties to be impofed by this Aft.

Rate? not to he payable oftener than once a Year.

Eve? to he	VI. And whereas many Foreign Ships, VefTels, and Crayers, puffing

PTd 1	through or near, or being detained in the Downs, will receive the lame

'J Benches as Britijli Ships, VefTels, and Crayers, from the laid Harbour; be it therefore cnafhd, That all Foreign Ships, VelTels, and Crayers, that lhall pals from, to, or by Dover, whether on the Eaftern or Weltcrn Side of the Goodwin Sands, or lhall enter into the Harbour there, lhall be fub-jeft and liable at all l imes to the fame Rates and Duties as Ships, Veflcls, and Ciayers, cleared out of or entered in any Pore or Place in Great Britain, and fuch Rates anti Duties Ciall be levied and recovered in any Parc of H;s Maieltv’s Dominions, in fuch and the like Manner as any of the Rates and Duties by tiiis Act impofed arc direfted to be levied and recovered.

Penalty on VII. And be it further enacted, That the Bu> then anti Tonrtage of every ifrurtin^the ^uctl Ship, Vcflfel, or Crayer, lhall be afeertained by the Cultom Houle Msaiuremem Regifter of the Burthen or Tonnage of fuch Ship, Vcffrl, or Crayer, and vetfeb.H< a"d *n C:i e °* Kefufal, Failure, or Delay, by the Matter or otherPcrlun having

1257

47° GEORGII III. Seff.2. Cap. 69.

the Rule or Command of fuch Ship, Veffcl, or Crayer, to produce and (hew on Demand to the Cuftomer or oth“r Collrdor of the laid Ra es and Duties as (hall be appointed by the faid Warden or Lieutenant, or the maj r Part of fuch other Aflilhnts as afort faid, fuch Cuftom Houle Regifter, or in cafe there (hall be no fuch Regifter, or in cafe the Cuf-tomer or other fuch Colle&orof fuch the faid Rates and Duties, and the Mailer cr othtr Perfon having the Rule tr Command of any Ship, Velfel, or Crayer, charged with the laid Rates or Duties cannot otherwise agree about and adjuft the Tonnage ot fuch Ship, Vtfli-1, or Crayer, then and in every luch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Cuftomer,

Cclltdor, or fuch other Perfun oi Perfons as aforefaiu, and alfo to and fur any other Perfon employed by him or them frbm Time to Time to enter into luch Ship, Veffcl, or Crayer, and to gauge and adrreafure the fame, cr caufe the lame to be gauged and admeafund, according to the Method preferibed by an Ad made in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty (or the (uither Increale and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That in cafe the Mailer or ether obi

Perfon having the Rule i r Command of any luch Ship, Veffcl, or Crayer,	Of-

or any other Perfon whofeever, (hallobftiud or hinder fu< h Cuflomer, ficcr‘' Collcdur, or ether Perfon appointed to colled the Rates and Duties

hereby made payable,or any other Pcrlun employed or appointed by him or thrm to admealure Ships or Vtffrls in purfuance or thi> Ad, f om rntering on bo rd fuch Ship, Velfel, or Crayer, or from taking the Admeafurement thereof, fuen Mailer or other Perfon thali for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That no Ship, Veffcl, or Crayer, out-	uu

ward-bound, the Place of whole Dcftination (hall be from, to, or by Dover Onihcate b» aforefaid, (hall be cleared at any Office of His Majefty’s Cultoms on fuch {Sj'Jnv^otof outwaid-bourid Voyage, nor (hall any Ship, Velfel, or Crayer, which Duties, ihall have (ailed from or by Dover, or have gone into Harbour there, be

allowed to erter at any Office ot H s Majrfty’r Cuftoms on her homeward-bound Voyage, by any Officer or Officers cf His Majefty’s Cuftoms, without producing a Certificate from the Officer or P rfon empowered to colltd the Rates and Duties impofed under the Authority of this Ad Merchant,t telhfying the Payment thereof: Provided always, that on producing a msk.ra.iAl-proper Acquittance for the Receipcof fuch Rates and Duties, fuch Matter n^,"“t°hfc,he or Owner of fuch Ship, Veffcl, or Crayer, (hall have and be entitled to M*iur° f an Allowance from the Merchant or Merchants, Confignee or Confignees,

Importer or Importers, or Exporter or Exporters, or his or their Agents or Fadors, as follows; that is to fay, For every Ton of Goods loaden on board luch Ship or Veffcl on account of fuch Merchants, Confignees,

Agents, Importers or Exporters, a like Sum per Ton as is by this Ad charged upon the Ship or Veffcl on board of which fuch Goods or Merchandize Ihall be lacen or unladen, and fo in Proportion for a lefs Qiian-tuy than a Ton; and fuch Goods and Merchandize are hereby made liable to the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties accordingly.

X.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Ward n, ere. for the uid Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of

[Eec. V Per.2	«4	lh«

1258.

Penalty on

Officers for ne' gleeiing tiieh Duty.

Manner of recovering Hates.

4.70 GEO RGII III. 'Seflf.2. Cap. 69.

the other Afliftants of the faid Harbour asaforefaid, from Time to Time to nominate ana appoint luch a; d lo many Pcrlon or Peffons in every e’ort and Place where the laid Kates or Duties (hail be payable to collect and r.-ctive the fame refpedively ; and when and as often as locli Pcrlon or Perfons (hall be fo nominated and appointed for that Purpole, then and in fuch cafe Inch Rates ard Duties (Tull be raifed, collected, and received by fuch Perfon or Perfons in fuch Port or Place, and not by fuch Cu‘-tomer or C /lledor of the Cuftums or their Deputies; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Did Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of luch their Afliftants of the faid Harbour, from Time to Time to remove any luch Perfon or Perfor.s fo nominated and appointed, and to nominate and appoint any other Perfon cr Per. fens for collecting and receiving fuch Rates and Duties, in his or their Room orSeud, and out of the Monies received by virtue of this Ad to allow and pay fuch Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to luch Pafon and Perlorsas t > them the faid Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Afliftants of the faid Harbour, (hah letm realon-able ; and every Inch Perlon fo nominated and appointed (hail, and he is hereby empowered and rtquirtd to tolled and leceive the Rates and Duties given and granted by this Ad, and cn the Receipt thereoi, evriy fuch Pcrlon fliall give a Certificate of the Payment thereof to the Pcifon or Pei f ns paying the fame; and every fuch Pcrlon collecting and rei ceiving the fame as aforelaid (hall, and he is hereby required to keep a fair and true Account thereof in a Book or Books to be by him or them kept for 1 hat Purpofe, to which all Perlbns may have tree Accefs a: all feafonable Times without Fee or Cha'ge, and fh .11 at fuch Time t r Times as (ball be direded by the faid Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Aflillants of the faid Harbour, pay fuch Rates and Dunes fo received to fuch Pe.fon or Perfons as the faid Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of fuch other Afliftants as aforelaid, by Wairunt under their Hands and Seals, (hall appoint to receive the fame ; and if any Cuftorncrer Colicdor, or their Deputies, (ball make or allow any F.ntiies of Cuftoms of any Goods in any Ship, Veflel, or Craycr, before fuch Certificate fliall be produced of the Payment of the Sums Rates, or Duties imp oft d by virtue of this Ad, or if any fuch p.cifoil or Perfons fo nominated or appointed as aforelaid fliall refufe or r.egl d to colled, or (ball make any wilful Default in colltding the Lid Sums or any of them, or (hall not keep a fair and true Account thereof as aforefaid, or (hall not pay the fame over from Time to Time according to the^Dir.dions of this Ad, ti.en and in every fuch Cale every fuch Perfon O' Perfor.s fo offending fliall forfeit and pay any Sum rot exceeding Five Hundred Pounds for every fuch Ncgltd or Default, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner by this Ad direded.

XL And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties impofed by this Ad may be snore cffcdually colleded and levied, be it further eroded. That in cafe any Owner or Mafter, or other the Perfon having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Veflel, or Crayer, or any Fador or Confignee thereof, ch rgeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Ad, lhall refufe or regled to pay the fame, then and in every fuch Cale it lhail and may be lawful to and for the faid Cuftomer, or other the Colledor or Colledors of rhe faid Rates and Duties, or other Perfon or Perfons appointed in purksance of this Ad to receive the fame, to go on board fuch Ship, n	L	Veflel,

1259

47* GEORGII 111. SefT.2. Gap. 6g.

Vtffel, or Crayer, to demand, colkft, and receive the faid Rates and Duties, and on Non-payment thereof to take and diftrain every fuch Ship,

VelTel, or Crayer, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merc andize, in refpeft whereof fuch Rates or Duties fhall be payable eithtr on board fuch Ship, Ytficl, or Crayer, or on Land, and the lame to detain until the refpective Rates or Du.ies Ihali be fatisfied and paid, and in cafe of any Negkft or Default in Payment of the faid Rates or Duties for the Spate of Fourteen Days after- any Diftrefs or Dif-treffesfo made or taken, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Warden or Lieutenant and Affiftants, or fuch Cuftomer or o.her Collector or Collectors as afdrefaid, to caufe the fame to be appraifed by One or more fworn Appraifer or Appraifers, or other Efficient Perfuns, and afterwaids to fell the faid Diftrefs or Diltreff:s,and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof to fatisfy thcmfelves or himfelf, as well for and in refpeft of the Rates or Duties fo negkfted or delayed to be paid, as alfo for and in refpeft of their or his reafcnable Charges in taking, keeping, appraifwg, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any luch there be) to the Owners thereof upon Demand ; and it Shall and may be lawful for the Warden or Lieutenant and Afftftants of Dover Haibour, in cafe of Non-payment of the Rates and Duties as afoiefaid, inftcad cf recovering the fame in Manner aforefaid, or in cafe the whole thereof (hall not be fo recovered, to proceed for the Recovery ot the fame, or fo much thereof as (hall not be fo recovered, by Aftlon of Debt or Trcfpals on the Cafe in any of His Majcfty’s Courts of Record at IVtJi ' infier, wherein no Eflbign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Matter, Owner, or other Ferfon eiud-Perlon, having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Veffel or Crayer, or

the Owner, Factor, or Confignee, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Amiable, (hall byanyMians whatsoever, at any Time or Times elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in refpeft thereof, or any Part of the fame, each and every Perfon eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay to the faid Warden and Affiftants cf Dover Harbour, a Sum equal to the Amount of fuch Rates and Duties, and fhall alio (land changed wirh and be liable to the Payment of the faid Rates and Duties which iliail and may be recovered from fuch Mailer or Owner, Faftor or Confignee, or fuch other Perfon having fuch Rule or Command refpeftively, at any Time cr Times, either by the Means hereiu-before preferibed for the levying of fuch Rates and Duties, or by fuch and the like Ways and Means as are herein-after direfted for levying and recovering any Fine, forfeiture, or Penalty, impoled by this Aft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Warden or his Lieutenant, AccoanttW^ ana me other Affiftants of the faid Harbour, and their Succeffors, (hall pi,iiaiteut. yearly lay before each Houfe of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt

and Application of all Monies which fhall be received by the faid Waroen or his Lieutenant, and the Affiftants of the laid Harbour, and their Succeffors, by virtue of this Aft.

XIV.	And

I26o

Power b *r* row Money,

47° GEORGII III. Seff. 2. Cap. 69.

XIV. And be it further cnafted, That it (hall and mav he lawful to and lor the faid Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other AiMlants of the laid Harbour, from Time to l ime to bo-row and take up at Inured fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hail judge neceff.-ry, not exceeding in the Whole (including the Sum already burrowed, and clue and owing on the Cretiic of the laid rrciud Ads, or any of them, fo far as the lame relate to the laid Harbour of Dover) the Sum of Sixty thouland Pounds, for the feveral Purpolt-s < f the faid recited Ads, and this Ad, fo far as the fame relate to the laid Harbuur, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties to be coilrded by virtue of this Ad, and by Writing undtr the Hand and S al of the Trcaf.rer of the Lid Harbour (by and with the Conlent and Appr. -bation of the faid Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the nuj r Part of the other Afliftants of the faid Harbour) to afiign all or any Part of the faid Rates and Duties to fuch Perlon or Perfons as (hall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trullee or Trullees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Inrerdt tor the fame, and the Colls and Expences of luch Alignment thereof, to be made in Manner herenatter mentioned, Hull be from Time to Time defrayed by the faid Warden or his Lieucenanr, together with the major Part of the othtr Aflillants ot the faid Harbour, out of the Monies to be fo borrowed; and every fuch Alignment (hall be in the Words, or to the Efilft following :

‘ T	the	Treafurer	of	the	Harbour of Dover,

‘ by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Warden, [or hit c Lieutenam] and of	being	the major Part of ihc

‘ Afiiitants ot the faid Harbour, in Confiderarion of the Sum of 1	advanced and lent by A. B. upon the Credit and for

*	the Purpofes of an Aft made in the Forty-fevcnth Year of the Reign of « King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this Aft] do

*	hereby grant and aflign unto the laid A.B. [or to his Truflee or ‘ Trullees, as the Cafe may require'] his Executors, Adminilhators, ar.d ‘ Alligns, fuch Proportion of the Rates and Duties arifing by virtue of

*	the faid Aft, as the faid Sum of	doth	or	lhail	bear

‘ to the whole Sum which lhall have been, or may at any Time be bor-

*	rowed, or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the faid Rates and Duties, to be had and holden from this

‘ Day of	until	the	faid	Sum	of	with

« Interell, at	per	Centum	per	Annum	for	the fame, lhall be

*	repaid and fatisfied :

‘ In witnefs whereof, I the faid	have	hereunto

‘ fet my Hand and Seal, the	Day	of

‘ in the Year

And all fuch Alignments lhall be numbered, commencing with Numbe One, and fo proceeding in an arithmetical Progreffion afeending, whereof the common Excefs or Difference lhall always be one; and every fuch Security lhall be good, valid, and effeftual, and lhall entitle the Perfon or Perlons to whom the fame (hall be made, his, her or their Executors, Adminillrators and Aligns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Aft.	,

XV. And

ii

I

i

if

tf

ii?

j$i

$

(H

ii;

yri

idl

ilit!

tel Sbi aii fist 1 jii

do

'It!

f®

'bo

list

hi

Tai,

lli

'li

>AS

'ili

ai

'<Bi

'in

'at

*1

kl,

n

n,

<1

47° GEORG II ill. SelT;2. Cap. 69.	126I

XV.	And be it further enaftrd, That in cafe the faid Warden, nr p«vtrfor Kis Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Afliftanis of ^^^Monty the faid Harbour, fhall think it advifable or more advantageous to raific •*> Ai.i.iurts. all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Aft, by granting Annuities inllead of Alignments as afore hr id, then and in Inch Cafe it fhali and may be lawful to and for the Treafurer of the faid Harbour, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Warden, or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Afiirtants of tl.e laid Harbour, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the faid Treafurer, any Sum or Sums cf Money, as to the faid Warden, or his Lieutenanr, together with the major Part of the other AlMants of the faid Harbour, fhall feem right and proper, for the abfolute Purchafe of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the Continuance of this Act, to the Contributor, in cafe fuch Contributor (hail fo long live, or in cafe fuch Perfon as fliall be nominated by or on the Behalf of fuch Contributor (hall fo long live, fo that no fuch Annuity do titered the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a (ingle Life, except in fuch Cafes where the Perfon to whom any fuch Annuity (hall be paid (hall be of the Age of Sixty three Years or upwards, and the Expence of every fuch Grant fhall be defrayed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; and the Grant of every fuch Annuity (hall be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

*	T	the Treafurer of the Harbour of Dover, by and

*	1 with the Confent and Approbation of the Warden \or his Lieutenant]

*	and of	being	the	major Part of the Affidants ot

1 the faid Harbour, in Confidcraticn of the Sum of

*	paid by A. B. to me,	the laid Treafurer, do hereby

*	grant unto the faid A. B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

* out of the Rates and Duties granted or arifing by virtue of an Aft,

1 made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George the

*	Third, intituled [here fet forth the Title of this Atl\ which Annuity or

‘ Yearly Sum of	(hall	be paid to the faid A. B. or

*	his Affigns, during the Continuance of the faid Ad, in cafe He [t>r Ihe]

‘ (hould fo long live [cr to the faid A. B. his Executors, Admirtiftratore,

*	or Affigns, during Me Continuance of the faid Acf, in cale C. F. (hould

' fo long live, as the Cafe may be~\ upon the	Day	of

*	in every Year, at the	of the Town of Dover; the

' firft Payment thereof to be made upon the	Day	of

' next enfuing the Date hereof:

‘ In witnels whereof, I the faid	kave	hereunto

*	fet my Hand and Seal, the	Day	of	'n

‘ the Year

And every fuch Grant (hall be good, valid, and effectual, in the Law, without any Enrolment or Regiftry of the Memorial thereof; and every Annuity fo granted as aforefaid (hall be, and is hereby charged upon* and (hall be payable and paid by the (aid Treafurer, out cf the faid Rates and Duties, and other Money to be received by virtue or this Aft, according to the Grant of fuch Annuity.

[Loc. Ss5 Per.']	14X

XVI. And

1262 ..^VGEORGII III. Sell. 2. Cap, 69.

‘ranihtrriiig XVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Moite t-es for the Perfons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be bor* fna prcfcrlbed r?JW5^ uPon legal lo^rdt aforelaid, or to be raifed by the granting of Form. Annuities as atorelaid, and their refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aftigns (as the Ca!e may be) at any Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer fuch Securities to any i’erfon or Perfons whomfo* ever; which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effcft following:

*	r A B. being entitled to the Sum of	[or	an	Annuity

*	-* of	]	fecurea	to	C.	D.	and	his	AfGgns, or his Execu-

*	tors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, as the Cafe may be (by virtue of an

*	Aflignment or Grant of an Annuity) bearing Date the

‘ Day of	under	the	Hand	and Seal of	the	Trea.

*	furer of the Harbour of Dover, afting in the Execution of an Aff of

*	Parliament, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King

*	George the Third, intituled, [ihere fel forth the Title of this Aft 1 or ‘ of an A" made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of

*	King William the Third, intituled. An Ail for the Repair of Dover

*	Harbour, upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties granted or payable ‘ by the laid Aft, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to

*	the fame Sum \_or Annuity J and ail Intereft and other Money now due

*	and owing thereon, unto £. F. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and

*	Affigns. Dated the	Day of	.*

And a Copy of every Security or Aflignment, and of every Grant of Annuity which (hall have been made in purfuanceof this Aft, and an Extraft or Memorial of every Transfer thereof refpeftively, fhall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpole by the Kegifter to the faid Warden and Alfiftants, which Extraft or Memorial (hall fignify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Perlon intertfted (hall at all feafonable Times have Accefs,and have free Liberty to infpeft the fame without Fee or Reward, and for the Entry of every fuch Transfer the laid Regifter fhall be paid by the Per-fon to whom fuch Transfer (hall be made the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and every fuch Transfer, after Entry thereof as afortfaid, (hail entitle the Perfon to whom the Transfer (hail be made, and his or her Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred without any other Regiftry or Enrolment whatfoever.

ProviCons for XVII. Ar.d, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Perfons the payment tyn0 have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Rates byLot.lt0rS and Duties to be raifed by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or any of them, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Harbour, or of this Aft, be it further enacted, That the faid Warden or his Lieutenant, together with the major Part of the other Afliftants of the faid Harbour (if there fhall be more Creditors than One) (hall caufe the Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted and then in force, for fecuring the Principal Monies due and owing upon tile Credit of the faid Rates and Duties, of which Part (hall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon dif-tinft Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all fuch Papers (hall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of as maay of the faid Alignments or Securities as are intended to be paid off, fhall be drawn fepararcly out of the faid Box or Wheel by the Regifter to the faid Warden and Affift-tijii '	,	n	'	ants.

47° GEOR GII III. SefT. 2.	Oap'.dg.	1263

jnts, nnd after every fuch Ballot Notice figned by the Ilegifter (ball be given to or left at the lad or tfual Place of Abode of the Perfon or Persons who lhall be entitled to the Money to be paid off purfuant to fuch Ballot, and wnere there is only One Creditor, the like Notice dial) be given to fuch Creditor of the Intention to pay him or her as afon farH, and every fuch Notice (hall exprefs the Sum to be paid off together with the Intereft due thereon, and that ti e lame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be fpecifkd in fuch Notice, fuch Day not being fooner than S x Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving fuch N' tice as afore-faid; and the Intereft of the Principal Money to be paid off (hall from and after the Day to be fo fpecified, ceafe and be no longer paid or payable unlefs fuch Money fhall be demanded purfuant to fuch Notice, and not paid, but the Principal Money in refped whereof fuch Notice fhall be given, and alfo the Intereft thereof to the Day fo fpecified, (hall neverthe-lefs be payable on Demand.

XVIII. And be it further enaded, That all the Money to arife by or from Application®! the faid Kates and Duties hereby granted, or to be received from Time M^omroweJJ to Time by virtue of the faid recited Ads or any of them, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Harbour of Dover or of this Act, and all the Money which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, or advanced for Annuities as aforelaid, lhall be paid to the Treafurer ot the faid Haibour, and (hall be applied and difpofed of in the firft Place in paying and defraying the Coils, Charges, and Expences, which fhall be incident to, and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, and of the Intereft of the Money which lhall have been advanced for defraying I'ucnCofts, Charges, and Expences, and in paying the Intereft of the M;nies borrowed by virtue of the faid recited Ads, cr any of them, or to be borrowed by virtue of this Ad, and in paying fuch Annuities as aforefaid, as the fame refpedively Ihail become due, and in defraying the Cods, Charges, and Expences of cleanfmg, repairing, maintaining, and fupporting the faid Harbour, and the feveral Wotks thereunto belonging, and in paying and defraying all Cofts, Charges, and Expences, which the faid Warden, Lieutenant, and Affiltants, or anv of them, or any of their Officers may fuftain, or be put imto in carrying the laid recited Ads fofar as the fame relate to the faid Harbour, or this Ad, into Execution, or in profecudng or defending any Profecutior.s, Adions, or Suits, for or concerning any of the Monies granted or arifing by virtue ot the faid recited Ads, or any of them, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Harbcur or of this Ad, or in any Manner relating to the Execution thereof, or of any Thing to be done by virtue thereof, and in paying and difeharging the Principal Monies borrowed, and due and owing on the Credit of the faid recited Ads, or any of them, fo far as the lame relate to the faid Hatbour of Dover, or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Ad, and in carry ing the feveral other Purpofcs of the faid recited Ads, fo far as the fame relate to the laid Harbour of Dover, and of this Ad, into Execution, and for no other Ui’e, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by Recovery and virtue of the faid recited Ads, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Harbour ot Dover, or any of them, or of this Ad, or by virtue of the Powers thereof refpedively impofed (the Manner ot levying and recovering whereof is not thereby or hereby otherwife particularly direded) lhall be levied ■ V	and

i26*	47°	GEORGIl	111	Self.	2.	Cap.	69.

arid recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offcndets by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juf-tice of the Peace for the County, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, where the Offence lhall happen (which Warrant fuel: Juftice is' hereby empowered to i'tu 'upon the Conftfiion of the Patty, or upon the Fridtncc Of any credib.e Witncls upon Oath, which Oath fuch Juftice F hereby empowered to admimfti?), and the Overplus (if any) cf the IVHney arifing by iuch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cults and Charges of ni2king,keeping, and felling theDiftiefs, nd fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not dircdteJ to be otherwife applied) fhalt be paid to the Trealurer of the Paid Harbour to be applied towards thrPurpofei of the Paid recited Adis, fo far as the fame relate to the laid Harbour, and of this Aft ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (halt not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures dial] not be paid forthwith, it (hall and may be lawful to and for luch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredtion of fuch County, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mamprize for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor lefs than Three D iys, unlel's fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall be fuoner fully paid and fatisfied.

Perfons"2 XX. And be it further enadted, That from and after the palling of this damaging the Adt, any Perfon or Perfons who (ball wilfully or malicioufly damage any Harbour. of the P.les, Stones, Coping, or any of the Works of the laid Harbour, or in any Manner prejudice or annoy the fame, and if any fuch Damage, Prejudice, or Annoyance (hall be done, the Matter thereof lhall be examined by the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Dover, who are hereby empowered, for cvey fuch Offence, to enforce any Fine or Fines upon every or any Perfon or Perfons fo offending, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for every fuch Offence, which the Paid Mayor and Jurats, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, diredted to the Colledtor or Coiledtors, Receiver or Re-« ceivers, for the Time being, of the faid Duties hereby granted or appropriated, are hereby empowered to levy and raife, by Difttrfs and Sale of the rtfpeiftivc Guods and Chattels of every or any fuch Offender or Offenders, rendering to him or them the Overplus, if any there be; and the Sum or Sums, when levied, lhall be paid to the Treafurer for the Time being, to be applied to the fame Ufes as the feveral Sums hereby diredted to be paid to him are to be applied.

(form of Conviction.

XXI. And be it further enadled, That in all Cafes where any Convidtiorj lhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft the laid recited Ad’ts, or any of them, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Harbour of Dover, or againft this Act, or againft any Order of Seffions, or any Matcer in purfuance of the (aid recited Adts, or any of them, fo far as the fame relate to the faid Harbour of Dover, or of this A£t, the Form of Convidtion lhall be in the Words, or to the Effcdt following, (that is to fay),

*	t>E it remembered. That on this

*	■*-* the	Year	of	the	Reign	of

in

A. B. is con-• victcd

Day of

4.70 GEORGII III. Sefl”. 2. Cap. 69.	1265

« vifted before	of	His M„jcfty’s Juftice or

*	J (tees of ihe Peace for the	of	having

*	faj the Offence pall be\ and I [or We] the faid

*	do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum

*	of

* Given unier my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the

*	Day and Year aforefjid.’

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Appeal. Perlons (hall think himielf, herlelf.or themfelves aggrieved, by any Judgement or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in ptirfuunce of

this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perlons may appeal to the Juftites of the Peace, at the Firft General or Quarter Stilions of the Pe.ice, to be holden for the County, Cinque Port, or Place, within which the Matter of Appeal (hall arife, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from, the Time fuch Matter of Appeal (hall have arilen, the Perfon or Perlons appealing having firft given Fourteen Days Notice at lealt, of his, her, or thc.r Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter theieof, to the Trea-furtrof the laid Harbour, or Kcgilter to the laid Warden and Alliftmt-, and forthwith after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before feme Jullice of the Peace for fuch County, Cinque Port, or Place, with fufficient Sureties, conditioned to cry fuch Appeal, and abide the Order and A v2rd of the faid Court thereon, and the laid Juftices ac fuch Seifions, upon dt ■ Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal, in a fummary Way, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award iuch Colls to either of the Parties, or otiierwife, as they lhall judge proper, and the laid Juftices may, if they fee Caufe, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may all'o order luch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as .hey (hall judge reafon-able, and all fuch Determinations of the laid Juftiecs fhall be hnal, binding, and conclufive, upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That where any Diftrefs lhall be niftrefc rot to made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of the f aid recited h< ,inlaufi>i Afts, or any of them, fo far as the fame relate to the laid Harbour of t’Jrm/'' °* Dover, or of this Aft, the Diftrefs itlelf lhall not be deem-d unlawful,

nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemrd a Trefpaller or Trefpafllrs on Account of any Defeft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceeding', rei ning thereto, nor lhall the Party or Parties diftrain.ng be deemed a Trefpaller or Trelpalfers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity chat lhall be afterwards done by ihe Pat ty or Parties lo diftruining, but the Perlon or Perlons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfaction fur the fpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That no Order, Verdift, AffelTment, Proceedings

Judgement, or other Proceedings made, touching or concerning the	for

Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft the faid lecited Afts, Wm t ■ t or any of them, fo tar as the fame relate to the faid Harbour of Dover, *",r™ab?e by Cr againft this Aft, lhall be qualhed or vacated for Want of Form only. Certiorari, or be removed or removeable by Cercioiari, or by any other Writ <>r

Ptccefs whatloever, into any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wc/l-[Ice. ft? Per.-]	14	$	minjler,

tit

PUint'fTs nol

to rs cover without Nonce t.r after Tender of /\me;.ds.

Limitation of Actions.

I*uWick Act.

Commence, ment and Continuance of the Act.

47° GEORGfl III. Sell.2. Cap. 69.

minjlrr, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife not.

with Handing.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall re-cover in any Adion, to be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons, tor any Thing done in purfuance of the Did recited Ads, or any ot them, lo fir as the fame relate to the laid Harbour of Dtvcr, or of this Ad, unlcfs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants fourteen Days before fuch Action fnall be commenced of luch inu-ndrd Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fnecifving the C.ule of fuch Adion, nor fliall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recovrr in any fuch Adion, if Tender of fufheient Amends hath been made to him, her, nr them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought, and in cafe no luch Tender fhall have bten made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any luch Adion, by Leave of the Court after fuch Adion fhall have been brought, at any 1 ime before I flue joined, to pay into Court luch Sum of Monty as he, (he, or they Hull think fir, whereupon fuch Proceeding':, Order, and Judgement fhall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVI.	Provided always, and beirenaded. That no Adion or Suit fhall be commenced ag.iinft any Petfon or Perfons for any Tnmg done in purfuance of the laid recited Ads, or any ot them, fo tar as the latnc ruaic to the laid Harbour of Dover or of this Ad, afier Twtlvc Calendar Mon hs next after the Pad committed, and every luch Ad.un or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elfewherr, ar.d if any fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice lhall have been given, or after a fuflkient Satisfadion made or tcndcieu as atoie-fftid, or after the Time limited fpr bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as alorefaid, then and in every luch Cafe the Jury [lull find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon luch Veidid, or if the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs fhall be nonluited cr dilcontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit after die Defendant or Defendants lhall have appeared thereto, or if upron Demuirer Judgement (ball be given againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Cuffs, and have fuch Remedy tor recovering the lame as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in othtr Calcs by Law.

XXVII.	And be itfurther cnaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Noiice of as luch by all Judges, Joffices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXVIII.	Andbcit further cnaded, That this Ad fhall commence andtake P ace from and immediately arter the Expiration of the prefent Scffion of Parliament, and lhall be in force and have continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then

next Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, l’t inters to the King’s molt Excellent Majeffy. 1807.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO SEPTIMO

at .	-v.j ■	*** /

GEORGII III. REGIS.

r£

SelT 2.

ft	4

ft|HMt«**+**«***********»******«*******«jM¥**e* **********

Cap. 70.

An Adi to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next SeiTion of Parliament, fo much of feveral Adis paifed as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vefiels from Dover, Deal, and the IJle of Thanet, up the Rivers of ‘Thames and Medway.

[8th Augufi 1807.J

WHEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Fir if, intituled, An Ail for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and VeJJels from Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway: And by the faid Aft it was enafted, That the fame Ihould continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next SeiTion of Parliament, and no longer : And whereas an Aft was palled in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An Ail for the further preventing His Majefty's Subjeils from trading to the Eaft Indies under Foreign Comniiffions, and for encourage-ing and further fecuring the lawful Trade thereto ; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet: And whereas an Aft was paffed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An Ail for continuing Acls for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England ; and for better regulating of Pilots, and for regulating the Price and Ajjize of Bread, end for [Loc. is Per.}	iaT	better

3 G.x. e. 13

7 G. 1. c. *1.

to G. I.

1270

4?" GEORG 11 III. Seff.2. Cap. 70.

better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain: And whereas an Act was palled in the Eighth Year of the Reign of g ^ c ( His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Aft to continue feveral Laws therein mentioned for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Cujloms, and to prevent the clandefiine Running of Goods ; and for making Copper Ore of the Bririlh Plantations, an enumerated Commodity : And whereas by an Act paffed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of 2 ,0. s.c.z 1. His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Aft to continue feveral Laws for the better Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Veffels from Dover, Deal, and Ille of Thanet up the Rivers e/ Thamcs and Medway, and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the Bririfh Sugar Plan-' lotions to be landed before the Duties of Fxc'fte are paid thereon ; and to continue and amend an Aft for preventing Frauds in the Admeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and feveral Parjhcs near thereunto ; and to continue feveral Laws for preventing Exaftions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Wcjlward; and for afeertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the faid River ; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and alfo to amend fo much of an Aft made in the Firjl Fear of the Reign of King George the Firjl, as relates to the better Prefervation of Salmon in the River Ribble; and to regulate Fees in Trials or Affizcs, and Niji Prius upon Records ijfuing out of ' the Office of Picas of the Court of Exchequer ; and for the apprehending of Perfons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Jujiices of the Peace in any other County or Place ; and to repeal Jo much of an Aft made in the Twelfth 7 car of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which thet )ffice of Fxcife is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long a Time the fameJhail be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent theftealing or defraying of Turnips ; and to amend an Aft made in the Second 1 car of Hisprefent Majefty,for better R gulation ofAttornies and Solicitors: And whereas by an Aft paffed in the Fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, 4 G. 3. c. 12. intituled, An Aft to continue feveral Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Veffels from Dover, Deal, and Ifle of Thanet up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; relating to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the Britifh Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Fxcife are paid thereon ; and to the further Punifhment of Perfons going armed or difgulfed in defiance of the Laws of Cufioms or Fxcife ; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Cujloms in Information upon Seizures ; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufafture of any of His Ma-jefiy's Sugar Colonics, direftly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law ; and for punifhing Perfons who Jhail damage or dejlroy any Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, or ot/xr Works belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Aft of Parliament: And jgG ’ c - w^ereas by an Act paffed 111 the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefty, intituled, An Aft to continue the feveral Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of P>nu\h-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufafture of Britifh Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth j to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufafture of any of His Majefty's Sugar Colonies, direftly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the further Punijh-ment of Perfons going armed or difguifed in defiance ef the Laws of Cufioms or Fxcife; to the prohibiting the Importation of light Silver Coin of this it	Realm

1271

4/° GEORGII III. SefT.2. Cap. 70.

Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to retrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum ; to the granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland ; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Veffcls from Dover, Deal, and lfle of Thanet; and to revive and continue fo much of an Aft made in the Sixteenth 7 'car of His prefent Majfly's R,:gn, as relates to allying the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Maj fly's Sugar Colonies in America : And whereas by an Aft puffed in the 'lhirty-lecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeffy, intituled. An Aft to continue feveral 32G.3.C.36. Laws therein mentioned, relating to the difeontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greafe; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the Britilh Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utenftls made ufe of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom ; and to prevent the Jeducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in thofe Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas ; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Veffels from Dover, Deal, and the Ille of Thanet; to the afeertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark’s Hydrometer; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty:

And whereas an Aft was paffed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeffy, intituled, An Aft to amend fo much of an Aft made in 43 G. 3. the Seventh Tear of the Reign of His late Majefly King George the Firfl, <’• ‘Si-intituled, ‘ An Aft for the further preventing His Majejly's Subjects from 1 trading to the Eaff Indies under Foreign CommiJJions, and for encouraging ‘ and further fccuring the lawful Trade thereto ; and for further regulating * the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the lfle of Thanet, as relates to the faid ‘ Pilots And whereas it is expedient that the faid recited Afts Ihould be revived and continued for a limited Time, and that the Rates of Pilotage Ihould be increafed, and that further Provifion fhould be made for the Regulations of Pilotage by the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the lfle of Thanet: be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majeffy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts, and all and every the Powers Farmer Acts Provifoes, Claules, and Provifions contained therein, lhall, fo far as the revtmTand fame are not hereby exprefsly altered or varied, and are not repugnant to continued, any of the Provifions of this prefent Aft, be revived and continued for Seven Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

II. And whereas great Delays and Loffes and great Prejudice to pdot! not to Trade will arife, if Pilots belonging to Dover, Deal, or the lfle of Thanet, quit Ships at taking Charge of Ships or Veffels into the River Thames or Medway, Gyavefend are ailowed to quit any Ship or Veffel before the Arrival of fuch Ship or of Captain^ or Veffel at the Place of her Dcftination, in the Thames or Medway ; be it until another therefore enafted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months Pilot comes next after the palling of this Aft, if any Pilot belonging to Dover, Deal, on board-or the lfle of Thanet, taking Charge of any Ship or Veffel into the Thames or Medway, lhall quit fuch Ship or Veffel at Gravefend, or in any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part of the Aledway, before fuch Ship or Veffel lhall have arrived at the Place to which fuch Ship or Veffel is bound in the faid River Thames or Aledway refpeftively, without theCoofcnt of the Captain, or unlels or before any other Pilot lhall come on board to take

1272

47° GEORG 11 III. SeiT. 2. Cap. 70.

the Charge and Conduct of fuch Ship or Veflel, every fuch Pilot (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conduced or piloted fuch Ship or Veflel into the River Thames or Medway.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the IJIe of Thanet, who (hall at any Time after the Twentieth Day of Angufl One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and before the Expiration of fuch Period of Twelve Months as aforefaid, be willing to pilot or conduct, and (hall pilot or conduct any Ship or Veflel up the River Thames beyond Gravefend to Long Reach, or beyond Gravefend and Long Reach up to Blackwall or London, (hall be entitled to demand and take, and (hall have and receive for the piloting of any fuch Ship or Veflel, the feveral Rates and Prices allowed by th s Act for the piloting and conducting Ships and Veflels up the River Thames, beyond Gravefend to Long Reach, or beyond Gravefend and Long Reach, to Blackwall and London.

Rates of	IV.	And	whereas it is expedient to grant higher and greater Rates and

Pilotage to Prices for Pilotage, and at the fame Time to prevent any exorbitant De-t("nJ> d mands for Pilotage ; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the the Medway. Twentieth Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and feven, the following Rates or Prices, and no greater or other Rate or Price, (hall be demanded and taken by Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the IJIe of Thanet, for the piloting or conducting of Ships and Veflels from Dover, Deal, or the IJIe of Thanet, to any Place or Places in or upon the faid River of Thames or Medway ; (that is to fay),

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Veflel from Dover, Deal, or the IJIe of Thanet, to Gravefend on the River Thames, to the Nore or to Shcerncfs and Stangate Creek, or other Parts of the River Medway, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices ; (that is to fay).

For all Veflels drawing lefs than Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds and Five Shillings :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Seven Feet and a Half Water, Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Eight Feet Water, Six Pounds :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Eight Feet and a Half Water, Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Vefl'cl drawing Nine Feet Water, Six Pounds and Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Nine Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Ten Feet Water, Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings:	^	, f

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Ten Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Eleven Feet Water, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Eleven Feet ar.d a Half Water, Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence :

For

I273

47°GEORG!I III. SefT. 2. Qap.70.

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Twelve Feet Water, Nine Pounds :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Twelve Feet and a Half Water, Nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing 1 hirteen Feet Water, Nine Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Thirteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence :

I or every hip or Veflel drawing Fourteen Feet Water, Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Fourteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Seventeen Shillings and sixpence :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Fifteen Feet of Water, Eleven Pounds and Five Shillings :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Fifteen Feet and a Half Water, Eleven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Sixteen Feet Water. Twelve Pounds :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Sixteen Feet and a Half Water, Twelve Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Seventeen Feet Water, Twelve Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Seventeen Feet and a Half Water, Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Veflel, drawing Eighteen Feet Water, Fifteen Pounds and Six Shillings:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Eighteen Feet and a Half Water, Fifteen Pounds and Fourteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Nineteen Feet Water, Sixteen Pounds and Thirteen Shillings:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing Nineteen Feet and a Half Water, Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence:

And for every Ship or Veflel drawing Twenty Feet Water, Twenty-one Pounds.

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Veflel up the River Thames beyond Gravefend as tar as Long Reach on the River Thames, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices ; (that is to fay).

For every Ship or Veflel drawing not more than Ten Feet Water, Ten Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Veflel draw ing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, Fifteen Shillings:

For eveiy Ship or Veflel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Veflel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling :

For every Ship or Veflel drawing from Sixteen and a Half to Eighteen Feet Water, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence :

And for every Ship or Veflel draw ing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Two Pounds and Two Shillings.

The above Rates or Prices to be in Addition to the Rates or Prices allow’ed by this A<ft for the Pilotage of any fuch Ships or Veflels from Dover, Deal, or the IJle. of Thanet to Gravefend.

[_Loc. if Per.]	14 U

Rates of Pilotage from Gravefend to Long Reach.

For

1 274-

Rates of Pilotage from G ivefend to Plackwall and London.

Rate of

Pilotage for carrying a Sliij) into R onfgate Harbour.

Pilots to be examined as to conducting Ships into Ramlgate Harbour ( Penalty for neglect].

4/°GE6rGTI m. Sefr.2. Cap. 70.

For the piloting or conducing any Ship or Veffel up thh River Tbamei beyftnd Gravefend, and alio beyond Long Reach upon the River Thames, to Bla kwall and London, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices:

For every Ship or Veffel drawing not more than'Fort Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling :

For every Ship or Veffel drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, One Pound and Ten Shillings :

For every Ship or-Veffel drawing from Twelve and. a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, One Pound and Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or Veffel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, Two Pounds arid Two Shillings:

For every SRip or Veffel drawing from Sixteen and a Half Feet Water, to . Eighteen Feet Water, Three Pounds and Three hillings:

And for every Ship or Veff 1 drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

The above Rates and Prices to be in Addition to the Rates and Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any fuch Ship from Lover, Deal, and the TjruofThanel, fd Gravefend.

V.	Provided always and be it further enacted, That every Pilot of or bclo ging to Dover I Deal, or the Jle of Thane t who (hall take Charge of arid conduit any Ship or Veffel into R:hnfgate Harbour, find! be entiLfe'd arid fhall receive for lech Pilotage at and after. the Rate of Five Shillings ,for* every Foot of the Draught of Water of the ship or Veffei o piloted and conducted by hnn into Ramfgale Harbour, if trie1: Ship or Veffel fhall h've been fo piloted and conducted into Ramjgate Harbour in moderate Weather ; and if fuch Ship or Veffel fhall have been fo piloted or conducted into Rarnfadte Harbour under any Circumltances of ■>iffrefs, then fuch Pilot fhall be entitled to fuch Sum of Money to be calculated according tp the Extent and Circumltances of fuch Dillrefs, as the Commiflioners of salvage eftabliihed under the Iajrd Warden of the- Cinque Ports fhall upon Application either of the Pilot or Owner or Mafter of any luch Ship or Veffel, upon enquiring into all fuch Circunflances, direft; and fuch Com-ipiffioners (hall and they are hereby required upon any fuch Application made to enquire into all fuch Circumltances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum fo to be paid for the Pilotage of any fuch Ship or Veffel into Ramfgate Harbour, without any Fee or Reward for fo doing.

. J 1 li/IjT/X' Of iLiill K iifi'* I’Vl*	nni

VI.	And whereas Ramfgate Harbour hath become much frequented as

a Port cff Safety, and Ships an : Veifels lying in or failing through the Downs, being near to Ramfgate Harbour, are oftentimes compelled to run for Ramfgate Harbour ; and it is therefore neceffary that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal or the Ijle ofThanet fhould be able and fhould be compellable to pilot and conduct Ships and Veffels into Ramfgate Harbour in cafe of Neceffity or Dillt efs, and that all luch Pilots fhould therefore be examined as to their Abilities to coaduft Ships or Veffels into Ramfgate Harbur; be it therefore enafted, That all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the IJlc ofThanet, fhall qualify themfelves, and (hall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Veffel into Ramfgate Harbour j and that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, and the Ijle of Tbantt, fhall be obliged to pilot any Ships or 10T	14	Veffels

47° G E O R G11 III. Sefl*. 2.	Cap. 7o.

Veflels under their Care or ConduCt into Ramfgate Harbour in all Cafes in which it may be expedient for any fuch Ships or Veflels o take Shelter or go into the laid Harbour ; ana if any Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the ljle of Thanet, lhall refufe to take Charge of or conduct any Ship or Veflel under his C are, or of which he lhall have the Charge as a Pilot, into Ramfgate Harbour, in any fuch Cafe as aforefaid, fuch Pilot lhall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might otherwife be entitled, and be iubjeCt to fuch Fine or other Punilhment for his Refulal to take Charge of or conduft fuch Ship or Veflel into Ramfgate Harbour as the Court of Load Manage lhall impofe or adjudge.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCtcd, That nothing in this Not to n-

ACt contained lhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Ships or Vef- 17d ,oSIliP* fels belonging to or in the Employ of His Majelty, His Heirs or Sue- or emSoyed ceffors.	by His Ma-

jefty.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad lhall be deemed and PublickAA. taken to be a Publick Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by all Judges, Juitiees, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King s molt Excellent Majelty. 1807.
