

r

Cap. 55.

An Act for repairing the Road from theTown of Athy, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cajlle-corner, in the County of Kilkenny, and to the Town of Leighlin Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the faid Town of Cajllecomer. •	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majcfty King George the Second, in-tituled. An All far making and repairing the Road, leading from theTown of Athy, in the County of Kildare, through Part of the (Queen’s ajO.i.o.iji County, and through the Town of Caftiecomer in the County of Kilkenny, to theTown of Old Leighlin, in the County of Carlow, and from thence to and through the Town of Leighlin Bridge, in the faid County of Carlow:

And whereas one other Aft was made in Ireland, in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His 'prelent Majelly, intituled, An Aft for >! *• 16 O. altering and amending an Act faffed in the Twenty-fifth Tear of the Reign of c' “*

Hi) late Mrfejly King George the Second, intituled, 1 An Ait for making • and refairing the Road leading from the Town of Athy, in the County • of Kildare, through Part of the Queen's County, and through the [Lee. (j Per.]	n X	* Town

I

002

4$° GEORG 11 III. Cap. Si,

c Tcvj-. sf C omer, in the County of Kilkenny, to the Town if Old ‘ Leignlin, in the County of Carlow, and from thence to and through 4 the Town of Leighlin Bridge, in the /aid County of Carlow:’ And whereas the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid Adis, for the P^irpofe, of repairing the faid Road, have proceeded to put the fame into Execution, and have for that Purpofe borrowed fevcral con-fiderable 8ums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arifirig upon the faid Road, which are ftiil due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Road be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid Adis be further continued, and the Powers and Provifions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increafed ; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purpofes of the faid Adis, if the fame were repealed, and further and better Provifion made for thofe Purpofes : And whereas the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the Town of Cafilecomer aforefaid is very mountainous, and in fuch bad Repair as to be fcarcely paffable for Travellers, and the fame cannoc be kept in good and fufficient Repair by the ordinary Means of Prefentment $ and it is therefore expedient rhat a new Line of Road fhould be laid out between the faid Towns of Carlow and Cafilecomer, or fo much of the faid old Road altered, as mav be found neceflary for avoiding Hills: May it therefore pleafeyour Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and .by Acts repealed, the Authority of the fame. That the faid Adis, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in the faid Acts contained, fhall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Tfuflcrs.	H. And be it further enadted, That the Eight Honourable David

L'atouche, the Honourable James Butler, the Honourable Charles Butler, Henry Parnell, Thomas Kavanagh, Peter Digges Latouche, Sir H^nry TVilkinfon, Patrick Den, William Cooper, William Colville, William Brc. re, John Stewart, John Enery, George Rathe, Robert Edmonds, Nicholas . rigors, Edward Cullen, Robert Kane, David Aher, Henry Garrac. y, William Garraway, Henry Wilkinfon, Efquires ; the Reverend Bartbolor Thomas, the Reverend Samuel Thomas Roberts, the Reverend Thomas Vig or., the Reverend Henry Irwin, the Reverend Francis Thomas, the Reverend > thur Weldon, the Reverend Weldon Moloney, Nicholas Roche, Edward Gro > Tfrmas James Rawfon, James Rawfon, Robert Rawfon, James Poe, Ar iur Thomas, James Thomas, Hovenden Stapleton, Robert Jack fon, Robert Fifhbo - . Jcnas Shekleton, Dowling Wall, Matthew McKenna, George Manfergh, Per-jamin Braddell, George Carpenter, Samuel Barrafs, Robert JohnJlon, j ub v Johnjlon, Wheeter Barrington, Thomas Pope, James Carrol, Efquire?, and no other Perfons other than their Succeffors, to be eledted in Mai uer herein-after diredted, fnall be, and they are hereby declared to be Trull ecs for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the R . 1 leading from the Town of Athy in the County of Kildare, through VV of the Queen's County, and through the Town oi Castlecomer in the Coi ty of Kilkenny, to the Town of Old Leighlin, in the County of Carlow, . .id from thence to and through the Town of Leighlin Bridge, ia the '

Coui iy

10 03

4°8 GEORGII ill. Gap.su.

■County of Carlow, and from the faid Town of Carlow to the faid Town of Castlccmer, and for otherwife carrying this Aft into Execution.

III.	And be it further enafted, That no Aft of the faid Truftees fhall No Art valid be, or be deemed to be, good, valid, or effeftual, tinlefs the fame be done at * an fome Meeting, to be holden in purfumce of this Aft (except as may be

f *rein-a:ier. excepted) j and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Aft granted to the faid Truftees^ (hall and may be exercifed from Time Majority pre. to Time, by the major Part of them who (hall attend at any Meeting, to ttevSe^1* beholden in purftiance of this Aft, the Number of fuch Truftees prefent Number not at every fuch Meeting hot being lefs than Five and all the Orders thanVhe. and Proceedings of the major Part of the Truftees prefent at fuch their feveral Meetings, fhall have the fame Force and Effeft as if the fame were made or done by all fuch Truftees for the Time being (fave and except •as may be herein excepted) ; and at every Meeting of the faid Truftees a Chairman to Chairman fhall and may be appointed ; and when and as often as it fhall	^

fo happen, that there fhall be an Equality of Votes at any fuch Meeting, the catling upon any Queftion, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to Vote* and for the Chairman to give the decifive or calling Vote.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That whenever the Number of Truftees *>ctfon» hereby named, fhall, by Death or Refufal, or Negleft, have been reduced nc" ru ct#* to Nine refident Members in, and in the Neighbourhood of any

of the faid Towns of Cafllecomer, Athy, Leighlin Bridge, and Carlow, it being the Intent hereof, that there fhall be only Nine Truftees reading in, and in the Neighbourhood of each of the faid Towns, fo as to reduce the prefent Number to Thirty-fix for the faid Four Towns ; and upon the Death, Refufal, or neglefting to aft, of fuch Thirty-fix remaining Truftees, or any of them, or of their Succeffors, to be elected in Manner herein-afrer mentioned, to aft in the Execution of this Aft, then and ia every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for thefurviving or remaining Truftees, at a Board to be holden as afore-laid, from Time to Time, to eleft and appoint by Ballot one other Per-fon to be a Truftee, in the Room of each Trultee fo dying, or refilling, or neglefting, or being incapable of afting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for ev.ery fuch Eleftion fhall, by the Secretary of the faid Truftees for the Time being, be polled on the Toll-gates of the faid Road, Ten Days at leafl before fuch Meeting; and every Perfon fo elefted a new Truftee, as aforefaid, is hereby empowered to aft in the Execution of this Aft, to all Intents and Purpofes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Truftee in whole Room or Stead he fhall have been fo elefted.

V.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons herein ifTruften nominated or to be elefted a Truftee or Truftees as aforefaid, fhall «*&!«» 10 act negleft to aft in the Execution of this Aft at a Meeting of the faid Truf- iu>uuMonth* tees to be holden at any Two of the faid Towns during the Space of bs deemed a Twelve Calendar Months, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Negleft unkfsf&l^* fhall be and be deemed to be a Refufal of fuch Truftee or Truftees to

aft within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, fave and except fuch Truftee or Truftees fhall not have refided within that Part oh the United Kingdom called Ireland, during the Whole of fuch Period of Twelve Calendar Months.

3

VI. Pro-

1004	4&°GE0RGII	III.	Cap.$ 5.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon Hull be capable of ading as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, unlefs he fhaM be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the adual PofTeflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or be poffeffed of or entitled to a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of feme Perfon poffeffed of an Eftate in Lands, of the dear Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Perfon not being fo qualified, fhall ad as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, every fuch Perfon fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame, in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Dublin, by Adion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efloign, Protedion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and every fuch Perfon fo fued or profecuted, fhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife fhall pay the faid Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Profecutor, than Acts ofTruf- that fuch Perfon hath aded as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad : Pro-iSed^done	neverthelefs,	that all Ads and Proceedings of all and every Perfon

before Con- and Perfons ading as a Truflee or Truflees in the Execution of this vrction, valid. Ad, though not duly qual-fied as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convided of the faid Offence, fhall, notwithflanding fuch Convidion, be as valid and effedual as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been qualified according to the Diredions of this Ad.

Truftees to VII. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Perfon fliall take an Oath. capabje 0f ading as a Truflee in the Execution of this Ad, (fave and except in appointing the Firfl Meeting of the faid Truflees to be holden in purfuance of this Ad, in cafe the fame fhall not be holden on the Day herein appointed, and in adminiflering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Truflees) until he fhall have taken and fubferibed the following Oath, at a Meeting to be holden by the faid Truflees by virtue of this Ad (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truflees is and are hereby empowered to adminirter).:

*	t A.B. dofwear. That I will execute the Duty of a Truflee repofed in

*	* me by an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King

*	George the Third, {here Jet forth the Title of this	according	to

*	the bcfl of my Skill and Judgment, without Favour or Affedion,

6 Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

‘ So help me GOD.*

viflur.tier*, VIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Per-ofC’aflinPa&c ^ons w^° keep any Vidualling Houfe, Alehoufe, or other Houfe of ° 3	£’	'	Public	Entertainment,	or who fhall fell Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whifkey,

or otherSpirituous orStrongLiquors by Retail, fliall be capable of ading as a Truflee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Truft or Profit under the faid Truflee?, or of colleding the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during fuch Time ashe, fhe, or they fhall keepfuch Vidualling Houfe, Alehoufe, or other Houfe of Public Entertainment, or fhall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Whifkey, or other Spirituous or Strong Liquors by Retail ; but no fuch Perfon fhall be precluded from hiring or farming fuch Tolls, provided he, fhe, or they do employ a Perfon or Perfons to colled fuch Tolls, who fhall not be under any fuch Incapacity.

IX. And

4-8° GEORG II III. Cap. 55.	foo^

IX. And be it further enabled. That fuch of the faidTruftees as are or (hall Taiiiees^m^y be Juftices of the Peace fhall and may in their refpedive Jurifdift ions, and ft they are hereby empowered to ad as Ja dices of the Peace in the Execu- retted. > tion of this Ad notwithftanding their being Truftees, except only in fuch Cafe or Cafes where they fhall be perfonally interefled.

X. And be it further enaded. That the feveral Meetings of the faid Truftees to be hodden in purfuance of this Act (hall be holden at the tees, faid feveral Towns of Cafieconier, Athy, Lcighlin Bridge, and Carlow, by Turns; and. the Firft Meeting of the faid Trultees fhall be holden at Caftle-comer, at fome convenient Place to be named by the prefent Secretary, after the pailing of this Ad ; and in cafe there fhall be no Meeting of the faid Truftees on that Day, then and in fuch Cafe there fhall be a Meeting of the faid Truftees holden on that Day Fortnight, at the faid Town of Athy; and in cafe there fhall be noMeeting of the faid Truftees, then and in luch Cafe there (hall be a Meeting of the faid Truftees holden on that Day Fortnight at the faid Town ofLeigh tin Bridge \ and in cafe there (half be no Meeting of the faid Truftees on that Day, then and in fuch Cafe there (hail be a (Meeting of the faid Truftees holden on that Day Fortnight at the faid Town of Carlow, and fo ioties quoties, taking the faid Towns always in Roteen, until there (hall be a Meeting of the faid Truftet-s, between the Hours of 'Fen in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon ; and a! (uch Meeting the faid Truftees (hall proceed to carry this Ad into Execution, and (hall and may at fuch Meeting, and at their feveral Meetings to be holden for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execuron, from Time to Time adjourn themfelves, and appoint their'next Meeting to be holden at fuch of the faid Towns as fhall be next in Roteen, and at fuch Time as to them (hall feem proper; and if it (hall fo happen that there (hall not appear, at any fuch Meeting, a fufficient Number of Truftees to ad in the Execution of this Ad, the Truftee or • Truftees then prefent, or the Secretary to the faid Truftees, (hall, from l ime to l ime, as often as fuch Cafe (hall happen, adjourn fuch Meeting to fome other Day within Thirty-one Days then following, to be holden at fuch of the faid Towns as (hall be next in Roteen ; and the faid Secretary (hallcaui'e Notice thereof to be polled on the feveralToll Gates Ten Days at lead before the Day to which fuch Meeting (hall be fo adjourned; and the faid Truftees (hall, at their feveral Meetings, defray their own Expences; own Ex-and no Perfon (hall be capable of ading as a Truftee in the Execution of PeiKes-this Ad, during fuch Time as he (hall hold any Place of Profit under this Ad.

Xf. And be it further enaded. That if afterany Adjournment of anyMett- ]s!£emncie» ingas aforefaid, it (hall at any Time or Times be thought neceflary that a Meeting of the Ttultees (hould be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which fuch Meeting fhall have been adjourned, then and in every fuch Cafe, the Secretary to the faid Truftees (an Order in Writing (igned by Five or more of the faid Truftees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpofe of fuch earlier Meeting oeing given to him, or left at his laft or ufual Place of Abode) (hall forthwith give Notice of fuch earlier Meeting, by polling the lame on the Toll-gates ereded on the faid Roads, and of the Time and Place which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (fuch Time not being left than Ten Days after fuch Notice); and all Proceedings of the faid Truftees, at fuch earlier Meet-ILoc.&Per.-]	nT	ing.

ioc6

fto Older to

Proceedings to be entered.

Entries of proceedings

Ads good Evidence.

Truftee* to appoint Offices;

and remove them j

4.8“ GEORGII III. Cap. $5.

in?, fliail be as good and valid as they would have been in cafe fuch Truftees had met inpurfuance of any Adjournment.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at any Meeting of the Truftees, hoiden in puriuance of this Ad, (hall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs at a Meeting of not lefs than Nine Truftees, to be hoiden for that exprefs Purpofe; nor unlefs Notice, fpecifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be given by the Secretary to the Paid Truftees, by polling on the feveral Toll-gates, at lead Twenty one Days before (uch fubfequent Meeting; nor unlefs a Majority of the 'iruftees prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting (hall decide in Favour of fuch Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Truftees (hall be prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting than were prefent at the Meeting when (uch Order, Appointment, or Proceeding were had or made.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees fhall caufe to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular F.ntries to be made therein, of all their Ads, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to the Execution of this Ad, and of the Names of all fuch Truftees as fhall be prefent at their feveral Meetings; and all Entries in fuel) Book or Books, being figned by the Chairman and Secretary then prefent, or either of them, fhall be deemed Originals, and fliail be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Adions, touching or concerning any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad ; and that luch Book or Books fhall, at all of the Meetings of the faid Truftees, be open and liable to the Infpedion of all and every of the (aid Truftees and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable ; and that any of the faid Truftees and Creditors fhall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words, tile Sum of One Shilling and fo in Proportion tor any greater or lefs Number of Words.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That all and every Book or Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding orProceedings relating or in anywife appertaining to the Roads direded to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Ad, of any of the Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons acting by and under the Authority of the faid recited Ads or either of them (fuch Entry or Entries being made in fuch Book or Books according to the Diredion of, and made Evidence by the faid recited Ads, or either of them), fhall be and be deemed to be good and fufficient Evidence of fuch Proceedings in any Court whatlo-ever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Perfon as Secretary and Treafurer, and alfo Colledors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Road, and alfo Overfeers and fuch other Officers and Perfons for the Execution of this Ad, as they the faid Truftees (hall think proper; and from Time to Time to make fuch Rules Orders, and Regulations for the good Condud and Well-governing of every fuch Treafurer, Secretary, Colledor, Surveyor, and all fuch other

Officers

1007

48° GEORG 11 III. Gap:$ 5

Officers and Perfons, and from Time to Time to remove fuch Officers and Perfons refpeCtively, as they the faid Truftces (hall fee Occafion; and out of the Monies to be received by .virtue of this ACt, to allow and pay fuch Salaries and Allowances (provided that no fuch them Salaries. Salary or Allowance do exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, to any.One* Officer or Servant) to the faid Officers and other Perlons, as they the laid Trultees (hall think reafonable; and the faid Truftees to Truftees (hall, and they are hereby required to take fuch fufficient Security from^ne"^ from every fuch Treafurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of Trearursr, &c. his Office, as they (hall think proper; and all fuch Officers fo to be appointed ffiall, under their Hands, at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch officers to Manner as the faid Trultes ffiall direCt, deliver to the laid Truftees, or to account, fuch Perl'on or P#erfons as they ffiall appoint, true and perfeft Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this ACt, and alfo of all the Monies which ffiall have been by fuch Officers refpeCtively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and dilburfed, and for what Purpofe, together with proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and ffiall pay all fuch Monies as ffiall remain due from them refpeCtively, to the laid Trultees, or to fuchPerfon or Pei Ions as they ffiall appoint to receive the fame; and every fuch Treafurer ffiall, on the Firll Day in the Month Treafurer to of May, yearly, or at the Firll Meeting of the faid Truftees then yearly" oa next following (although not thereunto required by the faid Truftees), 0ath-lay his Accounts before the faid Truftees, in order that the fame may be audited, palled, and allowed by them, if approved ; and all the faid Officers fo accounting as aforefaid, ffiall, upon Oath, (which Oath any of the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to adminifterj, verify their faid Accounts; and if any fuch Officer ffiall refufe or negleCt to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or ffiall refufe or wilfully negleCt to deliver to the faid Truftees, or to fuchPerfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint to receive the fame, within Twenty-one Days next after being thereunto required by the faid Truftees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode offuch Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the faid Truftees refpeCting the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe, upon Complaint made by the faid Trultees, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they ffiail appoint for that Purpofe, of any fuch Refufal or wilful negleCt as aforefaid, to any Jufticeof the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein fuch Officer fo refuling or wilfully neglecting ffiall be or refide, fuch Juftice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to iffiie a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer fo refufing or negleCting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been fummoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way; and if upon the Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Wirnelfes upon Oath, (which Oath • fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), it ffiall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies that ffiall have been collected or raifed by virtue of this ACt, ffiall remain due from fuch Officer, fuch Juftice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non payment thereof by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer; and if no

Goods

ioo8

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 55.

Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer can be found fufficient to anfwer and fat sfy the faid Money, and the Charges of diftraining and felling the {aid Goods and Chattels; or if it {hall appear to fuch JuftTce that fuch Officer ihall have refufed, or wilfully negleded to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the lame as aforefaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto;, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Att, Ihall he in the Cultody or Power of fuch Officer, and he ffiall have refufed or wi,fully neglected to deliver or give Satisfadion refpeding the fame as aforefail, then and in each and every fuch Cafe fuch JuIIice Hall commit fuch Offender ro the common Gaol cr Houfe of Corredion of the County, City, or Place where fuch Offender dial 1 be or refide, thereto Remain without Bail or Mainprize until he (hall give and make a true and perfed Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fliall compound with the. laid I ruftees for fuch Money, and ffiall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they ffiall appoint, (which Compofition the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he or ffie ffiall deliver up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfadion in refped thereof to the faid Truftees: Provided always, that no fuch Officer or other Perfon fo committed for Want of fufficientDiftrefs ffiall be confined or detained in 1 riionhy virtue of-fuch Warrant for any JongerSpace of Time than Twelve Calendar Months: Provided always, that no greater Salary than the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds ffiall be given to any fuch Secretary or Treafurer, nor no greater Salary than Four Guineas per Mile to each Surveyor, for fo much of the fai ! Road as he {hall be in the Care of, nor no greater Salary than One Shilling and One Penny per Day lor any Toll-gate Keeper or Toll-gatherer : Provided always, that upon the Death, Removal, or Refigna-tion of the Secretary and Treafurer fo appointed by the f.id Truftees, then and in every luch Cafe the faid Truftees (hail proceed r* the Eledion of One other proper and fit Perfon o ad in the Room of fuch Secretary and Deader; ami Notice of the Time and Pl.ce of the Meeting for every fuch Eledion fliall, by any One of the laid Truftees, be inferred in iome Ncwfpaper ciicula'ed within the Counties of Curlew, Kilkenny, Kildare, and Queen’s County,Twenty-one Days at lead before fuch Meeting; and alfo fuch Notice to be polled on the ftveral Toll-gates on the faid Roads.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That all and every Treafurer and Trea-in^unXr ihe furers, Secretary or Secretaries, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons A-is repeal}, appointed by virtue of, or acting or who have aded in Execution of the t^Truftiis0 reclt&d Ads, or any of them, who fliall have in his, her, or th; ir under tfc»	Cuftody or Power any Monies colleded by virtue of, or any Books, Papers,

A t-	or Writings, relating to the Execution of the faid recited Ads, or either

of them, ffiall, when thereunto requiied by Notice in Writing, figned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abo.ie, within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of fuch Notice, deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Peifons appointed by them for that Purpofe, at rl e Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or either of them, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the leveral Monies received or di -burfed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto j

jocg

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

to ; and every fuch Treafurer, Secretary, and other Perfon fo accounting, fhall upon Oath (which Oath any of the faid Truflees are hereby empowered to adminiflerj verify all the faid Accounts; and if any fuch Treafurer, Secretary, or other Perfon, fhall refufe or wilfully negledl to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or fhall refufe or wilfully negledl to deliver up in Manner aforefaid, all Books, Papers, and Wthings relating to the Execution of the faid recited Adis, or either of them, or give Satisfaction to the faid Truflees in refpedt of the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Juflice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or other Perfon fo refufing or negledting fhall be or refide, upon Complaint made to him by the laid Truflees, or by fuch P rfrm or Perfons as they fhall appoint for thatPur-pofe, and he is hereby . "horiz d and required to iffue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Secretary, or other Perfon fo refufing or negledting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been fummoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Wayj and if upon the Con-feflion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Wit-nefl'es upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juflice is hereby empowered to ad-minifler,) it fhall appear to fuch Juflice that any of the Monies that fhall have been collected or received by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or any of them, fhall be due from, or in the Hands of fuch Treafurer, Secretary, or other Perfon, fuch Juflice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be railed by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Ch? Is of fuch Treafurer, Secretary, or other Perfon, as aforefaid ; and if: : Goods and Chattels of fuchTreafurer, Secretary, or other Perfon can be found to anlwer and fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of diftrain-ing and felling fuch Goods and Chattels, or if it fhall appear to fuch Jultice that fuch Treafurer, Secretary, or other Perfon, fhall have refuted or neglected to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the faid recited Adis, or either of them, fhall be in the Cuflody or Power of fuch Treafurer, Secretary, or other Perfon, and he or they fhall have refufed or neglected to deliver, or give Satisfaction refpedting the fame as aforefaid, then and in each and every fuch Cafe fuch Juflice fhall commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, City, or Place where fuch Offender fhall be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or fhe fhall give and make a true and perfedt Account, and make Payment as aforefaid, or until he fhall compound with the faid Truflees for the faid Money, and fhall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they fhall appoint, (which Compofition the faid Truflees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he or fhe fhall deliver up all fuch Books, Papers,and Writings, orgive Satisfaction inrefped thereof to the faid Truflees: Provided always, that no fuch Treafurer. Secretary, or other Perfon fo committed for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, fhall be detained in Prifon by virtue of fuch Warrant, for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

11 Z

\Loc. & Per.]

XVII, And

1010

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

j^rl^or to*3 XVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, and their Sw-iiave the ike veyor and Surveyors of the faid Roads, Ihall have, and they are hereby jo*the ^nve^ec^ with the like Powers and Authorities in refped to the Roads di-Koad, at any reded to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of this Ad, as any the'omiiic^ ^verfeer appointed by any Law or Statute in Force and EfFed, in that Part Hoads. °1 l^e United Kingdom called Ireland, for amending, making, or repairing public Roads, is inverted with.

r-Kecp refutes to deliver up Toll-houfe, &c, j

On the* Death XVIII. And be it further enaded. That it Ihall and may be lawful to and ©f a G.ite for any Three or more of the faid Truftees, nominated or appointed by vir-tees mayTio^ tue of this Ad, or their Treafurer, upon the Death, Neglect, Refufal, or minateano- Incapacity to ad, of any Colledor of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writ-■ext Meeting ,n£ unc^er his or their Hands, to nominate and appoint fome other fitPer-*' fonin his Place, until the next Meeting of the Truftees of the faid Roads, which Perfon, fo to be nominated and appointed, (hall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the fame Manner in all refpeds, as the Perfon in whole Room or Stead he fliall be fo nominated if rfi(charg'd and appointed ; and if any Colledor of the faid Tolls, who fliall be dif-

..... charged from his or her Office by the faid Truftees, fliall refufe to deliver

up the Poffclfion of the TolUhoufe, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he or fhe pcffefs or enjoy in right of his or her Appointment to that Office within Three Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at fuch Toll-houfe, in Writing under the Hands of the faid Truftees, or any Three of them ; or if the Wife or Family of any fuch Colledor who fliall die as atore-faid, or any other Perfon who fliall be in Pofleflion of the Premifes by any Means whatfoever, fliall refufe to deliver up fuch Houfe, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Three Days after Notice of luch new Appointment being made as aforeiaid fliall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at fuch Toll-houfe, figned by any Three or more of the faid Truftees, then and in either of the laid Cafes it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where fuch Toll-houfe fliall fland or be, or any Truftee, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Con-flable or other Peace Officer, with fuch Afiiftance as Iharll be neceflTary, to enter fuch Toll-houfe and Premifes, in the Day-time, and to remove the Perfons who fliall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of fuch Toll-houfe and other Premifes, and to put the new appointed Colledor in Polfeffion thereof.

ny Juftic

Tninees em-

poweied to erect Tutn-

Toll-Hoiift*

To Is.

XIX.	And he it further enaded. That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to continue the feveral Turnpikes already ereded on the faid Roads, and (in cafe they fliall think proper) to caufe to be ereded fuch and fo many other Turnpikes to fecure the Tolls hereby granted upon or acrofs the faid Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near, unto, or acrofs any Lanes or Ways leading, or that may hereafter lead, out of the fame, and to continue theprefent Toll-houfes,and toeredor caufe to be ereded fuch and fo many other Toll-houfes as they Ihall think proper ; and it Ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered in Manner herein direded, for the purchafing or taking of Land for the turning or widening of the faid Roads, to purchafe and take Land fufficient for fuch Toll-houfe or Toll-houfes, with neceflary Accommodations thereto, and from Time ro Time remove, alter, or difeontinue fuch Turnpike

xoir

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

pikes and Toll-houfes, or any of them, as they the faid Truftees (hall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken at the faid Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame $ that is to fay,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaife, Phaeton, Toll*. Cabriolet, Calalh, Chair, Caravan, Hearfe, and Litter, drawn by Six or more Horfes, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Defcription, drawn by Four or Five Horfes, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence:

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Defcription, drawn by Two or Three Horfes, or- other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny :

For every Carriage of the fame or a like Defcription, drawn by One Horfe, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe, and other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, (not being a Cart or Car), having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof refpectively of the Breadth of Five Inches or more, and having all fuch Streaks or Shoeings fee on or fadened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, fo counterfunk and flat-headed that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein (hall project beyond the Surface of fuch Streaks or Shoeings refpeCtively, and revolving on a fixed Axletree, the Sum of One Penny :

For every Horfe, and other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, (not being a Cart or Car), having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof refpe&ively of the Breadth of Four Inches, and lefs than Five Inches, and having all fuch Streaks or Shoeings fo fet on or fadened as aforefaid, and revolving on a fixed Axletree, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Horfe, and other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray,orother fuchCarriage, (not beinga Cart or Car), having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof refpeCtively o i theBreadth of Three Inches, and lefs than Four Inches, and having all fuch Streaks or Shoe? ings fo fet on or fadened as aforefaid, and revolving on a fixed Axletree, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Horfe, and other Bead ofDrsught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, (not being a Cart or Car), having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof refpe&ively, of a lefs Breadth than Three Inches, or having any fuch Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, not fo fet on or fadened as aforefaid, and revolving on a fixed Axletree, the Sum of Four-pence :

For every Horfe, and other' Bead of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having the Streaks or Shoeings of all the Wheels thereof refpectively of the Breadth of Three Inches and a Half, or more, and having fuch Streaks or Shoeings fet on or fadened with Nails, Bolts, or Screws, fo counrerfunk and flat-beaded that no Nail, Bolt, or Screw therein (hall proje£t beyond the Surface of fuch Streaks or Shoeings refpeCtively,

with

101 2

Lefs Tolls t lie demande

C Hectors may meafure the Dimen-fiom of Wheels.

Collectors may dihin:n Carriages &c. upon refuial to pay Tolls.

48’ GEORGII III. C^.55.

with Wheels revolving on fixed Axletrees, the Sum of One Penny :

For every Horfe, and other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, of any Wheel or Wheels thereof refpediveiy of a lefs Breadth than Three and more than Two Inches, and having all fuch Streaks or Shoeings fo fet on or faftened as aforefaid, and revolving on a fixed Axletree, the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Horfe, and other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, cf any Wheel or Wheels thereof refpediveiy of a lefs Breadth than Two Inches, and fet on aforefaid, and with fixed Axletrees, the Sum of Two-pence Hall-penny :

For every Horfe, and other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Cart or Car, having any Streak or Streaks, Shoeing or Shoeings, ol any Wheel or Wheels thereof refpediveiy, not fo fet on or faftened as aforefaid, the S im of One Penny Halfpenny over and above the foregoing.

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding. Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, the Sum of Two-p;nce :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number :

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number: And,

For every Mill-ftone Three Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That the Sum of One Penny lhall be demanded and taken at any Gate or Gates ereded, or to be ereded, on the faid Roads, over and above the foregoing Tolls, for every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or Car, the Axletree whereof lhali turn round with the Wheels thereof, of whatever Size or Dimenfions the Streaks or Shoeings of fuch Wheels lhall be.

XXI.	And belt further enaded, That it lhall and and may be lawful to and for the refpedive Collectors of the faid Tolls, in cafe he or they lhall think proper, to meafure or caufe to be mealured the Breadth or Dimenfions of the refpedive Streaks or Shoeings of all or any of the Wheels of each and every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Car, or other fuch Carriage, before any fuch Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, Car, or other fuch Carriage, lhall be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Turnpikes ereded on the faid Roads.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That a Table of the faid Tolls lhall be put up and continued at each and everyTurnpike ereded on the faid Roads ; and it lhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral Perfons who lhall, by virtue of this Aft, be appointed C.olledors of the faid l olls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjed to the Payment of any of the laid Tolls lhall, after Demand thereof made by any Colledor appointed as aforefaid, negled or refufe to pay the lame, or any Part thereof, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Colledor to feize and diftrain, or caufe to be feized and dtftrained any

*	1	Carriage,

IOI

48° GEORGII III Cap. 55.

Carriage, Horfe orTIorfes, or other Bead or Cattle, chargeable with the laid Tolls, or their refpeatve Bridles, Saddles, Harn^fs, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if fuch Tolls, and the reafon- F R(,Ci>very able Charges of fuch Seizure and Diftrefs, and detaining and keeping the of Toils, fame, iliall nut be paid within Five Days next after fuch Seizure and Diftrefs made, the CoIIedor fo feizing and diftraining fhall and may fell, or caufe to bf fold, the Carriage or Carriages, Horfe or Horl’es, Beafts or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harnefs, or Accoutrements fo leized and diftraia d, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the faid Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if anv) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after i'uch Tolls and all reafonable Charges attending the diftraining, keeping, and felhpg the fame, ihali be deducted and paid.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Difpute inrafcofa

fhall arie about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or refpeding the Cofts and Charges of diftraining, keeping, or felling any Diftrefs, it Ihali and may the Matter to be lawful to and for the CoIIedor or Per foil diftraining, to detain the J	by

Diftrefs, or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity

of the Tolls, or the Charges of diftraining, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs, as the Cafe may be, ihali be afcertained by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place whcrrfuch Difpute ihali arife, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, ihali examine the faid Matter by Oath of the Parties o: other Wbnefs or Witneffes, and iliall determine the Quantifies of Tolls due, and iliall alfo alfefs the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and all other reafonable Cofts and Charges ; all which or Sums of Mofiey, fo determined and aflefled, ihali be j a:d to the Collector before he ihali be obliged to return the faid Diftrefs,' or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or ol any Part thereof,

XXIV.	And be it further enaded,That the faid Tolls iliall be and they are Tol s v„fted -m hereby decl red to be veiled in the faid Truftees and their Succeftbrs, for Tiuiues, and the Purpofes of this Ad; and fo much of the Coils, Charges, and Hxpences ,l-^r ArPliCa‘ incident 10 and attending the obtaining and palling this Ad, as ihali be fettled

and determined by the faid Truftees at fome Meeting to be holden for that Purpo'e, (of which Meeting, and of the Purpofe thereof, Notice fhall be given by theSecretary t^ the faid Truftees, Fourteen Days at the leaft before the holding of fuch Meeting) iliall in the firlt Place be paid and advanced out of any Monies received or colleded, or to be received or colleded, upon fo much of the laid Roads as leads from the faid Town of A thy to the faid Town of Ca/ilecomer, and from thence to the Town of Leigh/in Bridge; and the Remainder thereof lhall be paid and advanced out of any Monies to be received or colleded upon lo much of the faid Roads as leads -•from the faid T own of Carlow to the Taid Town of Cafllecomer; and the Remainder of the Monies received or colleded, or to be received or colleded, on fo much of the faid'Rcads as leads from the faid Town of Aihy to the faid Town of Cajiiecomer, and from thence to the faid Town of Leighlin Bridge, iliall be applied and difpofed of by the faid Truftees in making, maintaining, repairing, and fupporting fo much of the faid Roads, and in paying the feveral Sums due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls coileded, on fo much of the Lid Roads, and the Intereft thereof, and in otherwiie carrying this Ad into Execution, fo far as the fame relates tofo much of fuch Roads; and the Remainder of the Monies to be re-[Loc* & Per.12 A	ceived

Turnpikes

velted in Truftee*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

ceived or c oiled ed on fo much of the faid Roads' as leads from the fald Town of Carlow to the faid Town of Calftecomr, (hall be applied and difpofed of by the faid Truftees in making, maintaining, repairing, and fupporting fo much of fuch Roads,and in paying and dilcharging the feveral Sums of Money that may be borrowed on the Credit of the 'l olls col-leded on fo much of the faid Roadand the Intereft theieof, and in otherwife carrying this Act into Execution, fo far as the fame relates to fo much of the aid Roads ; and when and as foon as the whole bum of _ Money due and owing on the Credit of the faid refpedive 1 oils (hall be paid off and difeharged, and the Interelt due thereon relpedively, then and in fuch Cafe the faid refpedive Tolls (hall be and be deemed to be and become One aggregate Fund, and (hail be applied generally towards the feveral Purpofes of this Act.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the Right and Property of the feveral Turnpikes, Toll-houfes, and other Buildings ereded, by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or any of them, on the Roads to be made, amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Ad, and of all the Turnpikes, Toll-houfes, and other Buildings to be ereded by virtue of this Ad, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto refpec-tively belonging, and of all Mile-Stones, Tables of Tolls, and Pods ereded, and to be ereded, and alfo of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or (hall be provided for making and repairing the (aid Roads, or any Bridge, Houfe, or Wall to the faid Roads belonging, by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or any of them, or of this Ad, {hall be verted in, and be the Property of, the Truftees appointed by virtue of this Ad ; and they are hereby empowered to bring, or caufe any Adion or Adions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indidment to be preferred againft any Perfon or Perfotis who (hall (teal, break down, take av.ay, injure, or fpoii any luch Turnpikes, Toll-houfes, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile (tones. Tables of lolls. Ports, or any fuch Materials, Tools, or Implement- ; and in ail fuch Adions and Bills of Indidment refpedively, it (hall be, and be deemed, and taken to be, fufficient to (late generally, thar the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which fuch Adion or Adions (hall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indidment preferred, is or are the Property of the Tru ftees for repairing the Roads leading from Atby to Caft k comer and Leigblin Bridge, and from Carlow to Cafilecomer, without particularly dating or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any of the faid Truftees.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That nothing herein 1 contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable any 6 Collcdor of the faid Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll

in any One Day, (fuch Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night), from any Perfon or Perfons for or in refped of the fame Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle parting and repafling through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike ereded, or to be ereded on the faid Roads, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons producing a Ticket, denoting that fuch Toll hath been paid on fuch Part of the faid Roads in that Day, for or in refped offuch Carriage, Horfe, Bead, or other Cattle ; which Ticket every fuch Colledor is hereby required to deliver gratis, on the Payment of fuch Toll; Provided nevtrchdefs, that each and every hired Carriage 2	returning

10X5

4.8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 55.

returning the fame Day with a different Paffenger or different Paffengers, or any Cart or Car conveying frefh or other loadmg through any fuch Gate, {hall be liable to the faid Toll, notwithflanding fuch Toil hath been before paid for or in refped of the faid Carriage, Cart, or Car, on that Day.

XXVII.	And he it'further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Liti- Coiiectofs of gation (hall aTife touching or in anywiie relating to the laid Tolls, or any

of them, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any Wmufl.s. other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, llrall not be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their Appointment to colled fuch Tolls.

XXVIII.	And, for preventing theEvafion of Payment of thefaid’ToIls, be P natty on

it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons {hall give, offer, or dif- cva “'s s’ pole of to, or receive from any other Perfon or Perfons any fuch Ticket as alorelaid ; or {hall counterfeit, or knowingly make ufe of any counterfeited Ticket,•in Order to avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls, or of any Part thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons owning, renting, or occupying aqy Lands adjoining to the faid Road or any Part thereof, near unto any Turnpike Gate ereded thereon, {hall permit or fnffer any Perfon or Perfons to pafs through or over any Part of his, her, or their faid Lands, with any Carriage, Horfe, Beall, or other Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the laid Toils, or of any Part thereof, {hall be avoided; or if any Perfon or Perfons {hall ride or drive any Horfe, or other Beall or Cattle, through or over any Way or Paffage, (not being a public Way or Paffage), or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the laid Roads, or near to any of the faid Turnpike Gates i or lhall take off, or caufe to be taken off, any Horfe or other Beall from any Carriage, or do any other Ad whereby the Payment of any of the faid 1 oik, or of any Part thereof, is or lhall be avoided, then, and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon fo offending {hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and p iy any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, OnejMoiety whereof lhall go to the Informer/ and the other Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That no Toll lhall be demanded or Gensr^lsEx* taken for or in refped of any Horfe or other Beall of Draught drawing any t‘ni>tJolls Waggon, Vyain, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, having the Streaks or

Shoeii gs of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and having all fuch Streaks or Shoeings fet on or faftened with Nails,

Bolts, or Screws, fo counterfunk and flat-headed that no Nail, Belt, or Screw therein lhall projed above the Surface of fuch Streaks or Shoeings re pedively**; and the Wheels whereof revolve on fixed Axletrees; or for or in relpect of any Carriage, Horfe, or other Beall employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying on the fame Day, auy Stones, Bricks, Timber,

Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any Purpofes relating thereto, or any of the Roads in any of the Parishes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie ; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, or going to be fold or difpofed of, but pafling to be laid up or pkiced in the Out-houfes or on

roi6

48’GEORGII III. Cap.55.

the Lands of the Owners thereof ; or for or in refpeft of any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in carrying or con-veying, or going to carry or c9Jivey, or returning from carrying or conveying any Manure, Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandry employed in the Management of any Farmoi^Lands in any of theParifhes in which the faid Roads doth lie ; or laden tvith Turf only ; or lor or in refpeft of any Horfe, Bead, or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or from a watering Place, or going to be or returning ftom being (hoed; or for or in refpeft of any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or carrying or conveying any of their Arms or Baggage ; or for or in refpect of any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead carrying or conveying any Vagrant or Vagr nrs fent until legal PaPes j or for or in refpect of any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead: carrying or conveying any Peffon or Perfons going to or returning from voting at any Election, on the Day or Days ot Eleftion* or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eleftion (hail begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon or Perfons flaall, in any fraudulent or collufiveManner whatfoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fliall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be applied to the Purpoles of this Aft, or to rewarding the Profecutor, at the Difcretion of the faid Truftees.

Tolls may bo XXX. And be it farther enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to l;t*	and for the la d Truftees, and tiny are herebv enabled, at any Meeting, to

fet up by public Cant, and to let or farm, for any Term not more than Two Years, or lefs than One, the Tolls to be collefted by virtue of this Aft, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, at and for the larged Yearly^um that can, on the faid Cant, be reasonably gotten for the fame, uponcaufing Notice of their Intention to let or farm fuch Tolls to be ^iven by polling Notices on the feveral Toll-gates on the faid Roads, Fourteen Days at lead before fuch Meeting.

LefTe.s < f XXXI. And be it further enafted, That during fuch Time as the faid wid!Vowersed Tolls, or any Part or Parts Thereof, fhall be leafed, demifed,orin farm, to to collect. any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, it dial I and may be lawful to and for the Lrfiee or Lelfees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as he, Ihe, or they fhall by Writing or Wiitings under his, her, or their	or Hands, authorifeor appoint, to demand and take the

faid Tolls fo leafed, demifed, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Interns and Purpofes whatfoever, as any Colleftorof the faid Tolls appointed by the faid Tmdees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the lame; and fuch I effee or Ldfees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, (ball be fubjeft to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and llfail be (iable to the like r ftionsand Profecutions,asany Colleftor of the faid Tolls, appointed by the faid Trustees, is fubjeft or liable to.

Tollsmpv be XXXII. And be it furth.er enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to compounded and for the faid Truftees to compound,from Time to Time, with any Perfon lwr*	or Pe:fons, for any Period of Time not exceeding. One Year for any Car-

riage', Horfes, Beafts, or Cattle, palling on the faid Roads, er on any Part 01 Parts thereof, for all or any of.ahe Toll? to be paid :jn refpeft of fuch

Carriages,

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 55:

Carriages, Horfes, Beads, or other Cattle; and all fuch Compofition Money lha’1 be paid in Advance, or otherwife, as the faid Truftees (hall appoint; and in Default thereof, every fuch Compofition (hall be null and void 10 all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XX XIII. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to enter into any Contract or Contracts for the repairing and widening of the faid Roads, of of any Part or Parts thereof, or for turnifhing Materials, or for anyPur-pofe or Purpofes relative to the Execution of this ACt; and every fuch Contract (hail be figned by the Secretary to the faid Truftees, and by the Perfon or Perfons contracting to perform fuch Works refpeCtively, which Contract and Contracts (hall be kept by the Secretary to the faid Truftees.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons on Account of any Breach or Non-performance of fuch Contract or Contracts, for fuch Sum orSums of Money as they fha.ll think proper, fo as the Sum focompounded and agreed for be not lefs than the Injury or Damage fuftained by the Breach or Non-performance of fuch Contract or Contracts, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences which (hall be occafioned thereby.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That all Contracts, Debentures, Bonds, Grants, Afiignments, Conveyances, Leafes, and other Securities made or granted to or by any Perfon or Perfons, Body of Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomfoever, acting by or under the Authority of the faid ACts or any of them, (hall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of the faid ConiraCt, as if fuch ACts had not been repealed; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money due by, and owing by or to the Truftees aCting by virtue of the faid ACts, or any of them, (hall and may be recovered by oragainft the Truftees aCt;ng by virtue of this ACt, by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch and the like Manner, as any Sum orSums due and owing, or to grow due or owing by or to the faid Truftees aCting by virtue of this ACt, can or may be recovered.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That it (halband may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to carry into Execution, and perform any Agreement or Agreements entered into by the Truftees, nominated or appointed by virtue of the faid recited A£s or either of them with any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, touching or concerning the Toils of the laid Roads, directed to be amended and repaired by the faid recited ACts or either of them, or the Repairs thereof, fubjeCt nevenhele(sto fuch Variations and Alterations as40 the faid Truftees, aCting in Execution of this ACt, lhall feem fit and proper ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVU. And, for the more fpeedy raifing fuch further Money as may be neceffary for the Purpofes of this ACt, be it further enaCted, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow' and take up at Intereft fuch Sum [Loc. £2* Per*]	12	B	c*

IO17

Truftees may enter into Contracts.

Truftees may compound toe Breach of Contracts.

Old Securities to be good.

Agreement* entered into by Tiuftee* under the former Acts,

pleed.

Tru flee* tray borrow M9* nejf.

lor 8

Form of Af« fignment.

Capres of Mortgages t be entered.

Alignment# irtay be transferred.

jsorm of

Transfer.

45° GEORGII III Cap. 55.

of Sums of Money as they Uiall judge rieccffary for the Purpofes of thif Adi. and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to align over the Tolls hereoy granted, or any Part thereof, and the feveral Turnpikes and Toll* houfes eredted, or to be eredted, on the faid Roads, (the Charges of fuch Alignments or Debentures, to be paid out of the faid Tolls,) for any Term during the Continuance of this Adi, as a Security for the Repayment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, with Intereft for the fame, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance and lend fuch Money, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aligns, fuch Intereft to be paid and payable by yearly Payments, at the Dwelling-houfe of the Treafurer to the faid Truftees for the Time being ; all w’hich Alignments or Debentures fhall be in the Words, or to the Effedt following :

*	"R"^ v‘rtue of an Adt of Parliament, made in the Forty-eighth Year of c •*-* the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \_fetfort^ ^je Title 4 cf this Act,] we whofe Names are hereunto fublcribed, and Seals 4 affixed, (being Truftees adting in Execution of the faid Adi,) in Confi-

*	deration of the Sum of	to-	the	Treafurer	of	the	faid

4	Roads in Hand paid by A. B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and 4 demife unto the faid A. B.	Executors,	Adminiftrators,	and

4	Affigns, fuch Proportion of the Tolls arifing by virtue of the faid Adi,

4 on fo much of the faid Roads [here fpecify the Roads], and

* alfo of the Turnpikes and Toll-houfes for colledling the fame, as 4 the faid Sum of	doth	or	fhall bear to the

4	whole Sum charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced, on 4 the Credit of the faid Adi, to be had and holden from this

4	Day	of	in	the Year of our Lord

4	for	and	during	the	Continuance	of	the	faid	Adi,	unlefs	the

4 faid Sum of	with	Intereft,	after	the Rate of

4	per	Centumper Annum fhall be fooner repaid and fatis-

4 fied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this	Day	of

4	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord	.*

AndallfuchAffignments or Debentures refpedlively fhall be numbered, commencing withNumberOne, andfo proceedingin an arithmetical Progreffion afcending; and Copies ©fall fuch Alignments or Debentures refpedlively, and the Numbers thereof refpedlively, fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Secretary to the faid Truftees; and fuch Book or Books fhall and may at all feafonable Times be perufed and in-fpedled without Fee or Reward ; and all Alignments which fhall be made in the Manner and Form aforefaid, fhall be good, valid, and efFedlual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Alignments,refpedlively have been or fhall be made as aforefaid, or who are or fhall be entitled to the Money thereby refpedlively fecured, may, from Time to Time, align and transfer the fame Security or Securities refpedlively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Righr, Title, and Intereft to the Principal and Intereft Money thereby refpec-tively fecured, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfd-ever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words, or to the Effedt following :

4 T A. B. being entitled to the Sum of

*	A fecured to	Executors,

4 Adminiftrators, and Aligns, by virtue of an Alignment bearing Date

*	the	Day	of	under	the Hands and

8 Sea!»

3

ioigr

48° GEORGII lit. Cap. 55.

‘ Seals of	of	the	Truftee*

*	ading in Execution of an Ad of Parliament, made in the Forty-eighth

*	Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \fet forth the

*	Title of this Act,'] or made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of ' King George the Second, or in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jet forth the Titles of the ‘ faid recited Acts, as the Cafe may be,] upon the Credit of the faid Ad;,

‘ do thereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the

*	Principal and Intereft Money now due and owing thereon, unto C. D.

«	Executors,	Administrators,	and	Afligns.	Dated	this

‘ Day of	in the Year of our Lord	**

And every fuch Transfer (hall be produced and notified to the Secretary Not;cc 0f to the faid Truftees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date Transfer to be thereof, who (hall caufe an Entry or Memoiial to be made thereof, con- f^retary!16 taining the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the faid Book or Books to be kept for entering the faid original Afiignments or Debentures, to be made by virtue of this Ad, and for which Entry the Secretary who fhall enter the fame (hall be paid Five Shillings, and no more $ and after fuch Entry made, every fuch Transfer fhall entitle the Perfon orPerfons to whom the fame (hall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and after fuch Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforefaid, it (hall not be in the Power of any Per-fbn or Perfons making fuch Transfer, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom fuch Afiignments or Transfers (hall be made as aforefaid,

(as well fuch Afiignments or Debentures made by virtue of the faid Ads.) lhall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein refpediveiy mentioned, Creditors on fuch Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll-Houfes, fo granted, bargained, fold or demifed, in equal Degree one with another, and (hall have no preference in refped of the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or of the Dates of fuch Mortgages or Afiignments : Provided nevertheless, that be- Notice to b« fore any Sura or Sums of Money (hall be taken up or borrowed Twenty- g!ve" Pr«-one Days Notice at the lead (hall be given of the Intention of borrowing birring fuch Money, by polling Notices on the feveral Gates erected on the Money, faid Roads.

XXXVI'I. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any Perfon creditors to orPerfons who (hall advance and lend any Money upon the Credit of the be paid by faid Tolls, be ic further enabled. That the faid Trudees (hall, when and as Ballot* often as there (hall be an Overplus of Money received by virtue of this Ad on the (aid Divifion of Road leading from the faid Town of Athy, to the faid Town of Cq/Hecomer, and from thence to the faid Town of Leigh-tin Bridge, or on the faid Divifion of Road leading from the laid Town of Carlow to the faid Town of Castkcomer, equal to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds after Payment of the Intered of the Money borrowed by virtue of the faid recited Ads,or either of them, or of this Ad, and of the feveral Charges and Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution, (if there (hall be more Creditors than one) caufe Twenty-one Days Notice to be given of the fame, in fome Newfpaper circulated within the faid Counties of Kilkenny, Carlow, Kildare, and Qiteeji's County, and fhall, upon the Day appointed in the faid Notice, caufe the Numbers of all Afiignments granted, on the Credit of the particular Tolls from which

,1020

Truftees maj turn or alter the Courfe of any Par of the Roadsi

and may eon tract fer the Purchafe of Lands for that Purpcff.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

the faid Sum (hall have arifen and then in force for fecuring the principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, of which Part fhall be then intended to be paid off, to he written upon diflindt Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all fuch Papers fhall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the faid Alignments or Securities fhall be drawn feparately out of the faid Box or Wheel by the Secretary to the faid Truftees ; and after every fuch Ballot the faid Truftees fhall caufe Notice, figned by their Secretary, to be given to or left at the laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be entitled to the Money to be paid off purfuant to fuch Ballot; and where there is-only One Creditor, a Notice fhall be given One Calendar Month to fuch Creditor, of the Intention of the faid Truftees to pay him or her as afbrefaid ; and every fuch Notice fhall exprefs the Sum to be paid off, together with the Intercftdue thereon, and that the fame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be fpecified in fuch Notice, fuch Day not being fooner than One Calendar Month after the Day of giving or leaving fuch Notice as aforefaid ; and the Intereft of the Principal Money to be fo paid off fhall, from and after the Day to be fo fpecified, ceafe, and be no longer paid or payable, unlefs fuch Money fhall be demanded purfuant to fuch Notice, and nor paid; but the principal Money, in refpeCl whereof fuch Notice fhall be given, and alfo the Intereft thereof to the Day to be fo fpecified, fhall neverthelefs be payable on Demand'.

-	XXXIX. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and; for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time, as they fhall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, fhorten, vary, or alter the Courfe, or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprifed in this ACt; and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Wafte Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the lame, and through any Private or Inclofed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, firft making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Perfons interefted therein, for the Damage they

-	may fuftain thereby ; and for that Purpofe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or for their Secretary, or any other Perfon or Perfons by them duly authorifed and deputed for that Purpofe, by Order of a Meeting of the laid Truftees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, foT the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage fuch Owners or Perfons interefted may fuftain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, through fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, or any Part thereof, fhall and may, by Order and Direction of the faid Truftees, be laid into, and made Part of, the faid Roads, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees (hail think convenient, and (hail, by fuch Perfon or Perfons, as they fhall order and appoint, be fufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpofe, and after the faid Lands or Grounds (hall be fo drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame fhall, to all Intents and Pur* pofes whatfoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be, a public and Common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads, to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this ACt, and fhall be repaired and kept in Repair by fuch Ways and Means, and in fuch Manner, as the

Ojd

1021

4S0 GEORG 11 III. Cap.$s.

Old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any fucu Lands fliall be made Part of the faid Roads as afore'ad, the Lands and Grounds comprised in or conftituting the former Road, in lieu whereof fuch Lands or Grounds fliall be purchafed as aforefaid, fliall be fo fold by the faid Truflees to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (had be willing to become a Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, for the bed Price that can be reafonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being execiited by the laid Truflees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the laid Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny, Kildare, and the Queen’s County, according to the Jurifdiftion in which fuch Lands or Grounds fliall lie fliall be good, valid, and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes what-foever.

XL. And be it further enafted, That it fliall and may be lawful to and Corporation, for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate ^^to^rcat or Sole, Tenants for Life, or Fee Tail general or fpecial, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Huf-bands, and all other Truflees whomfoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants,

Femes Covert, or Cejluique irujls, Idiots, Lunatics, or other Perfons under any Difability of afting for themfelves, and for all and every Perfon or Perfons who are or fliall be feifed, poffeffed of, or interefted in any Lands,

Tenements., or Hereditaments, to be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this:Aft, to treat and agree wirh the faid Truflees for the abfolute Sale thereof, or of'any Part thereof, or for their Intereft therein, and to convey the fame to the faid Truflees for the Purpofes aforefaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which fliall be fo made, fhall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, any Law, Ufage, or ether Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywife notv.irhftanding j and that all fuch Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail general or fpecial, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives,

Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guaidians, Committees,

Huflbands, and Tiuftees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Perfons, are and fhall be indemnified for what they do by virtue, or in purfuance of this Aft.

5LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier in cafe of of, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any Lands, Tenements, or ?erkn* Hereditaments, which the faid Truflees fliall judge neceffary or proper to orSnot agree-be purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, or any fuch Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or c'ornpence. Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Hufbands, Committees, or other Truflees, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing, at the Dwelling-houfe or Place of Abode of luch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any fuch Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, oral the Houfe of the Tenant in Poffeflion of the Premifes, figned by the Clerk to the faid Truflees, fhall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negleft or refufe lo treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence or oiherwife fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truflees, to caufe it to be inquired into and afeertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men 6f the faid Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny, Kildare, and the Queen's County,

\Loc. £9* Per.]	12 C	according

1022

Verdict oF the Jury to be final.

Trul'ee? to iffue Warrant for Sheriff to fummon Jury.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

according to the Jurifdidions in which fuch Premifes in queftion lhall lie or be fituate, (which Oaths the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminifter,) what Damages will be fuftained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction (hall be made to fuch Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, for or upon Account of the taking or ufing of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and in order thereto, the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to fummon and call before them all and every Perfon and Perfons who lhall be thought neceffary or proper to be examined as a Witnef or Witnefies, touching or concerning the Pre-mifes, and (hall examine fuch Witnefs or Witnelfes before the faid Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required to adminifter); and they lhall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Place in Queftion, and ufe all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own, as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Premifes j and after the faid Jury lhall have fo ascertained and fettled fuch Damages and Recompence, they the faid Truftees lhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo affefled by the faid Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Perfons interefted therein, according to the Verdid or Inquifition of the faid Jury ; which faid Verdid, or Inquifition and Judgment, Order or Determination, fo had and made, lhall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, againft all Parties and Perfons claiming in PolfelTion, Reverfion, Remainder, or otherwife; and every fuch Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, and Perfon any wife interefted in fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lhall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purpofes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame ; and upon Payment of the Money fo affelfed, to the refpedive Perfons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the fame into the Bank of Ireland, in Manner by this Aft direded, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees to caufe the Premifes, in refped whereof fuch Money lhall be affelfed, to be difpofed of, and fuch Ads to be done thereto as if the Purchafe thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the faid refpedive Premifes were untenanted, and the Purchafe or Confideration Money had been received by the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto ; and for fummoning and returning any fuch Jury, the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to ifiue out a Warrant or Warrants, figned by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriffs of the faid Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny, Kildare, and the £>ueen’s County, in their refpedive Jurifdidions, thereby commanding and requiring fuch Sheriffs refpedively to imparmel, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons, to appear before the faid Truftees, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant lhall be appointed ; and fuch Sheriffs, or their refpedive Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, fummon, and return fuch Twenty-four Perfons accordingly ; and out of the Perfons fo impanneiled, fummoiled and returned, or out of fuch of them as lhall appear according to, or upon fuch Summo s, the faid Truftees lhall fwear, or caufe to be fworn. Twelve Perfons, who lhall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriffs, or their refpedive Deputies* fhall return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers-

by,

IG2$

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

by, or that can be fpeedily procured or fummoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve : Provided always, that all Perfons concerned (hall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the Jurymen to be fummoned in purfuance of this A6t, in fuch and the like Manner as any Party, in any Action depending in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, is or fhall be by Law entitled to ; and the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines on fuch for neglect of Sheriffs refpe&ively, or their refpe&ive Deputies, who (hall make Default Dut>* in the Premifes, and alfo on any of the Perfons who fhall be fummoned and returned to ferve on fuch Jury, and fhall not appear, or, after having appeared, fhall refufe to be fworn, on the faid Jury, or having been fworn, fhall refufe to give	or fhall	not give his or their Verdidt on

the Matter in Queftion, or fhall	in any	other Manner wilfully negledt

his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Perfons who being fummoned or required to give Evidence before the faid Jury touching the Premifes, fhall negltdt or refufe to appear, or refufe to be fworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame, but no fuch Fine fhall exceed Ten Pounds upon any one Perl'on for One Offence.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That wherever the owners of Courfe of any Part of the faid Roads fhall be altered by this Adt, and a ^a,Jc<Jnufe^ m new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer new Roa.i to of the Purchafe of fuch old Road	fhall be	firft made to the Owner of fuch	Jy-ve th:	futt

adjoining Land, which fhall be	cut and	ufed for the Purpofe of making	old Road.	6

fuch new Road ; and in cafe fuch Owner fhall be defirous of becoming the Purchafer of fuch old Road, and cannot agree with the faid Truftees for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the fame, and fuch Owner fhfcll (till be defirous of becoming the Purchafer thereof, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Value thereof fhall be fettled and afcertained by a Jury, in fuch and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this A£t is directed to be fettled and afcertained in and by this Aft, and fuch Owner fhall be deemed the Purchafer thereof, at the Sum to be afcertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in cafe fuch Ownerfhall refufe to pay fuch Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treafurer or Secretary to the faid Truftees, and Tender of the Conveyance of fuch old Road, the fame fhall and may be recovered by the faid Truftees by A&ion of Debt, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin ; and in cafe any fuch Owner fhall not agree, or fhall refufe to purchafe any fuch old Road, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons not interefted in the Premifes, to make an Affidavit to be fworn before a Mafter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where fuch old Road fhall lie. Hating that fuch Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the faid Truftees, and that fuch Owner has not agreed, or has refufed to purchafe fuch old Road, as the Cafe may be; and fuch Affidavit fhall, in all Courts whatfoever, be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to, or refufed by fuch Owner: Provided neverthelefs, that if the Lands of Two or more Perfons fhall be taken for any fuch new Road as afore-faid, each and every fuch Owner fhall be entitled to the Firft Offer of fo much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land refpeSively, in manner aforefaid: Provided alfo, that if fuch Owner or Owners refpe&ively fhall be willing and confent to take fuch

old

1024	48°GEORGn	III.	Cap.	55.

old Road in Exchange for fuch new Road, it lhall and may be lawful td and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby required to alfure the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, figned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, which Copy lhall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

By whom the the Jury to

Truftees <0 pay Expen ces when Persons from Ab fence

from treating*

XLI1I. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any fuch Jury fliall give in and .deliver a Verdict or Affeffment for more Money than lhall, by or on B half of rhe faid Truftees, have been offered before the fummoning and returning fuch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Iniereft, or Piopcrty, or Damage as aforefaiJ, or for lefs Money than lhall have been offered, to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of rhe faid Truftees, as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Cells and Charges of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witneffes, lhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees, out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Act; but if any fuch Jury lhall give and deliver a Verdict or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money than lhall, by or on Behalf of the faid Truftees, have been offered before the fummoning and returning iuch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or Damage, as aforefaid, or for the fame, or any more Money than lhall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Cofts and Charges of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witneffes fliall be borne and paid by the Perfon orPerfons with whom the faid Truftees lhall have l'uch Controverfy or Difpute; which faid Cofts and Expences lhall be afeertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace, not interefted in the Matter in queftion, and within whofe Jurifci&ion fuch Controverfy or Difpute lhall arife, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and fettle the fame), and lhall and may be dedudled out of the Money fo affeffed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies lhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes what-foever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged, or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not pa d on Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Secretary of the laid Truftees, by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons lhall, by Reafon of Abfence, have been prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Cofts and Expences lhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid.

Houfes >&c. XLIV. Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing herein contained no; to be in- fliall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Truftees lured.	t0	uj^	injure	or damage any Hated Dwelling-Houfe, or other

Building built of Stone and Mortar, or Brick and Mortar, of two Stories high at leaft, or any Garden walled in, Orchard, Yard, Deer Park, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

9

XLV. And

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 55.	1025

XLV. And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tene-ments, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the amounting to Powers of this Aft for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any 200l‘

Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truff,

Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Commit!ee, or other Truflee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever. fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be p'aced to his Account there, ex parte the Trtftecsfor executing this Aft, to thelntentthatfuch Money fhall be applied, under theDirec-tion and with the Approbation of thefaidCourt, to befignifiedby an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in difeharge of any Debt or Debts or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufcs, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch .Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and in veiled under the Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exilling undetermined and capable of raking Effeft ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhail be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the laid Court, upon Application thereto, be invefled by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Government Securities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Government Securities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of fuch Government Securities fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby directed to be purchafed by virtue of this Act, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLVL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That ifany Money fo Appear m agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamfnts,	Cur,pci.(k-

purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any timn’ aooif* Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity aue tx-as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and ‘•te-3n6 ao1* fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then an t in all fuch cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to The Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or .their [Loc. Id Per.]	12 D	Guardian

1026

Application of Compenfa* tion if lefs than aoh

Tit cafe of not Titles j °Jt

or if Perfons

found," Pur-Chafe Money to be paid into the Bank;

(object to the

Order of the

Chancery on Motion or Petition.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hand*, be paid into the Bank of Irelands in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwife the fame (hail be paid, at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or P rfuns making fuch Option, and approved of by any Seven or more of the faid Truftees for executing this AS, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direSed, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the DireSion and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it furtherenaSed, That wherefuch \fo-ney fo agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before-mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hail be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, < r Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of this AS, in fuch Manner as the Lid Truftees fhall tihinkfir; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and fur the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeSivcly.

XLVIII. And be it further enaSed,That in cafe thePerfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchaie of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of this AS, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the SatisfaSion of the laid Truftees ; or in cale fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money lhail be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found ; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it /hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of'-the Parties in-terefted in the laid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them], fubjeS to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of proceeding or otherwife as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other 6rder in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Calhier or Calbiers of the Bank of Ireland, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts tor fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and

for

1027

48° GEORG JI III. Cap. 55.

for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any Whtreany Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be ^i'e^ouciun1 paid into'the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- the Title to b countant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Aft, for ^the the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Pe 'ions who Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or ^Hereditaments to be pjJeflfoiTof purchafed in purfuance of this Aft, or to any Government Securities to th!> Land, &c. be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any ^ iheTimeof fuch Government Securities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been ChC2fe n^n in Poflefiion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of b- “eemed fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Per- ^ac^di^g6* Ions, or under the Pofledion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be to iuch Pof-deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands,	unlcl#»

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofieflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Intereft of fuch Government Securities, and alfo the Capital of fuch Government Securities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Poflefiion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

L. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That where, by reafon of The court of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, en- t.h necry may titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under aTX'V^rce* the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be re- cf Pm chafes quired to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the	&

Purchafe of ether Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order theExpences of ailPurchafes fromTime Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft* or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faidTruftees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

LI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and For .setting for the faid Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Roads, and to and for all fuch Perfons as they refpeftively (hall appoint, to fearch for. Road, cut, dig for, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones,

Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the faid Roads, or for building or repairing any Bridges, Walls, or Toll-houfes belonging thereto, out of or from any Common or Wafte Grounds,

River, or Brook, in any Parifh, Townfhip, Hamlet, Divifion, Dii-trift, or Place, in or near Which any Part of the Road, hereby di-refted to be made, amended, altered, or repaired, (hall lie ; or in any neighbouring Parifii, Town&ip, Hamlet, Divifion, Diftrift, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons afting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or doping down the Banks where

fuch

1028

Notice to be

4.80 GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

fuch Materials fhall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries fq that the fame may not be dangerous to Paffengers or Cattle ; and alfo that fuch Surveyor or other Perfons as aforefaid, may fearch for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, off, fiom. and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons where the fame may be had ot found,- (fuch Lands, Fields, ©f Grounds, rot being a Garden walled-in, Orchard, Yard, Deer Park, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees), making or tendering fuch Satisfaction to the Owner and Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame fhall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame, or any other Materials for making and repairing the faid Roads fhall be carried, for Damage done to the Soil only, un!ef$ the Quarries and Gravel Pits fhall have been demifed to the Occupier thereof, -with Liberty to fell or difpofe of the fame, according to theif refpeclive Rights and Interefls in fuch Grounds, as the faid Truflees fhall judge reasonable; and in cafe of any Difference between thefaid Truflees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons employed as aforefaid, and the faid Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning fuch Damages, it fhall and may be lawful to and for each Party to nominate a Referee ; and in cafe they agree as to the Sum that fhould be paid for the faid Damage their Decifion fhall be final between the Parties; but if the faid Referees fhall not agree, then any Judice of the Peace of the County, City, or Placer (at the Defire of either Party), fhall nominate a Houfcholder of the Neighbourhood where fuch Damage was committed as an Umpire ; and faid Juflice is hereby authorized and directed to fwear the faid Umpire to do impartial Juft ice, and his Decifion on the Difference between the Parties fhall be final and conclulive,

LII Provided neverthelef?, and be it further enabled, That it fhall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Perfon or Perfons afling under i the Authority of this A£l, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for making or repairing fuch Roads, Bridge, Wall, or Toll Houfes belonging thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeflively, out of or from any inclofed Lands or Grounds, if the Occupier or Occupiers fhall objefl thereto, until Three Days Notice in Writing, figned bv the Surveyor, fhall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for fuch Occupier at his ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before Two of the faid Truf-tees, or One or more Juftices of the Peace adling for the County, City, or Place, where luch Premifes fhall lie, to fhew Caufe why fuch Materials /hall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch Occupier or his Agent fhall attend puriuant to fuch Notice, but fhall not fhew fufficient Caufe to the contrary, then, and in fuch Cafe, the faid Truflees, or fuch Juftices, fhall and may authorize fuch Surveyor, of other Perfon or Perfons, to dig, get, gather, take and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to the find Truflees or Juftices fhall feem proper ; and if fuch Occupier fhsll neglect or refufe to appear bv himfelf or his Agent purfuant to fuch Notice, the faid Truflees or Juftices fhall and may make fuch Order therein as they refpedively fhall think fir, as fully and efftdlually, to all Intents and Purpoies, as if fuch Occupier or his Agent had attended ; and after a Copy of the faid Order fhall have been given to or left at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Occupier , or Occupiers, if 6	2ny

102 9

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

anv Perfon (hall obftruft, hinder, or moleft the faid Surveyor, or any Perfons afting under the Authority of this Aft, to dig for, gather, get, take, or carry away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, aay Sum not lei's than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds.

L’ll. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who-fbever ihall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or other Materials, laid upon the faid Roads for the Repair thereof, or the Purpofes aforefaid, without the Order of the faid Truftees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpofe, or if any Perfon or Perfons whofoever fhall take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials, which {hall have been dug or gathered by, or by the Order of the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpofe of amending the faid Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or Ihall get or take away any S ones or Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit or Ouarrv, which fhall have been made for the Purpofe, before the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, Ihall have difcon-tinucd working therein for the Space of Tiiree Months, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Ole only, and not for Sale;, every Perfon fo offending Ihall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. And be it further enafted. That it Ihall and may be lawful to and

for the faid Surveyor, and to and for any Perfon or Perlons whom he fhall appoint, by Order of the faid Truftees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds, adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the faid Roads in fuch Manner as fuch Surveyor or Surveyors (hall deem and judge neceffary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the faid Roads, and alfo to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Gronnds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the faid Roads (not being a Garden walled in. Orchard, Yard, D .er Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Houfe.) to be made ule of as a public Highway, whiift the narrow or ruinous Part of the faid Roads are widening or repairing, and until the fame fhall be convenient and fate f r the Paffage of Travellers and Carriages, making fuch reafonable Sa.isfaftinn to che Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands ref eftively, through and into which any fuch Drain fhall be cut, or on or over which any fuch temporary Roads fhall be made, f ;r the Damages which fuch Owners or Occupiers refpeft'vely (lull or may thereby fuf-tain. as fhall be adjudged reafonable by the faid Truftees; and in cafe any Difference fhall happen between fuch Owners or Occupiers and fuch Truftees or Surveyor, touching fuch Damage, then, and in every fuch Cale, the faid Difference ihall be fettled and determined as in cafe of procuring Materials for the Purpofes of the faid Roads herein-before defcribed and enafted.

LV* And belt further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any of them, their Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they Ihall appoint, from Time to Time, to remove and prevent all Annoyances or Nuifar.ces on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads by Walls, Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Pofls, \Loc. Per.]	12	E	and

Penalty on taking awaf Materials.

Surveyor to make Drains,

(unable Satis-i fa&ion.

Surveyor msy n .yances.

tc-3®

Prnaitv on

Wh"ei'carriage;

Roads to b

Mi eltli.es

penalty on damaging Milc-ltones.

4S0 GEORCJll fit. Cap. 55.

arid dlfo by Filth, Dung, Afhes, Kubbilh, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourfes, Sink?, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the faid Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the fame as large and deep a? he*or they lhall think proper, and to make or cleanfe any Ditch or Watercourfe next adjoining to any Part of the faid Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bufhes growing in any Part of the faid Roads, or »n the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in cafe the Perfon or Perfons occafioning fuch Annoyances, or who ought to removd the fame, or to cleanfe fuch Ditch or Watercourfe, or to cut down,, lop, or top fuch Trees or Bufhes, fhali refufe or negleft to do fo for the Space of Three Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, figned by any One or more of the faid Truftees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof fhali be reimburfed to the faid Truftee or Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other fuch Perfon or Perfons* ag he or they (hall appoint, by the Perfon or Perfons relufing or neglecting as aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch Perfon (hall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburfe to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fuch Charges as aforefaid, the fame fhali and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflifted by this Aft ; and if, after the Removal of any of the faid Annoyances, any Perfon (hall again offend in the like Manner, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, over and above fuch Charges as aforefaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and (hall be applied to the Pur-pofes of this Aft, or to reward the Profecutor, at the Difcretio'n of the faid Truftees.

LVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fhali hale or draw, m or caufe to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the faid Roads, any Jds Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage, or fhali fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which * fhali be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of fuch Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every fuch Perfon fhali, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings.

LV1I. And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees fhali and may ind caufe the faid Roads to be meafured, and Mile-ftones to be fet up at or to near the Sides thereof, ac the Diftance of One Mile from each other, and Polls to be eTefted to denote the Diftance of every luchPofl from any Town'or Place, as the faid Truftees fhali think fit, and alfo caufe to be erefted Guide-pofts upon fuch Parts of the laid Roads where the fame are crofted or joined by other Roads, and alfo Tables of the Tolls at each Turnpike-Gate, as they fhali judge proper; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhali wilfully bieak, throw down, injure, deitroy, obliterate, or deface any Mile-ftone, Table of Tolls, or Poll erefted, or to be erefted, on any Part of the faid Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks infcribed thereon, or fhali wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of'any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the faid Roads, every fuch Perfon fhali forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding. Five Pounds for each Stone, Table of Tolls, Poft, or Parapet-Wall io broken, throw/i down, injured, or dellroyed, or on which any Let-A ■ i	.	w	A . ,x ;ters,

4 8° GEORGII III, Cap. 55.	io3r

ters, Figures, or Marks fliall be fo obliterated or defaced ; One Moiety whereof fliall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fliall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft.

LVJII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon fliall wilfully or For prevent-negligently injure, dedroy, break down, or otherwife damage, or (hall » ride on, or drive or lead any Horfe, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage over or a upon any Foot-path or Caufeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the faid Roads, or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage fliall wilfully or carelefsly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones which may be erefted for the Security of the faid Foot paths or Caufeways ; or if any Perfon fliall plough over, or drag any Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, or in ploughing fliall turn any Horfe or other Bead drawing any Plough upon any Part of the faid Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon/hall keep, or have in his Pofleflion, any Cur Dog, Bull Dag, or Madiff, at any Houfe within Fifty Yards of the Road, without a Block of Wood, of Five Pounds Weight at lead, fattened to the Neck of fuch Dog ; or if any Perfon fliall fcrape off any Mud,

Soil, or other Matter or Thing which fhall be or lie upon any Part of the faid Roads, or fliall burn Lime, Buck’s Weeds, or other Vegetables within One hundred Yards of the faid Roads, or of any Part thereof, without the Confent of the faid Trudees, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors; or if any Perfon fhall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Cartiage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hufbandry,

(without feme reafonable Caufe, to be allowed by the Jutlice before whom the Perfon fo offending fhall be fummoned or conveyed, in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Caraiage, during fuch reafonable Time as the fame fhall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near the Side of the faid Roads as conveniently may be , in,'upon, or on the Side of the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, either with or without any Horfe or Bead harneffed or yoked thereto, or fliall fpread any Skins or Linen, or Cloaths to dry, or fhall winnow any Corn within One hunded Feet of the Center of any Part of fuch Roads, or fhall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bufhes, or any Stones,

Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh, or other Annoyance vrhaffoever, upon any Part of the faid Roads, or on the Side or Slues thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Perfon or Perfons travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending fliall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not lefs than Forty Shilings* cr more than Five Pounds, and fhall be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft, or to reward the Profecutor, at the Difcretion of the faid Trudees.

LIX. And be it further enafted. That all Dirt, Dung, Turf, Straw,

Rubbifh, or Scouring, and all Clay, Stones,Bricks, Sand, or.Lime, which (hall be laid on any Parc of the faid Roads, within Thirty Feet of the Center thereof, without theConferlr of the faid Trudees expreffed in Writing for that Purpofe, fhall be,andis hereby declared to be forfeited; and it fhall be lawful for any Perfon whatfoever to take, carry away, and convert the fame to his or her Ufe \ as alfo all Corn which fliall be laid on any public Road for the Purpofe of being winnowed, or fliall be winnowing thereon, together with the Sacks and winnowing Cloths whereon the fame may happen to be; and all Flax which fhall be beating on any public Road,

or

1032

Uo H^uf* to he1 uilr vvi h-in 30 tect ot Center of Road.

Drivers of Carriag- s, pnnidiabie fo wilful fceglect

48°GEORGII III. Cap. as.

or be laid there for thePu pofe of being beaten ; and any May-pole or May-bulh which (hall be erefted on the faid Roads, or in any Part thereof, without the Let, Suit, Trouble, or Hindrance of any Perfon whatfoever.

LX. And be it further enabled. That no Houfe, or Part of a Houfe, (hall be built within Thirty Feet of the Center of any Road, or within Fifteen Feet- of the Side thereof, (except in the Streets of Corporate or Market Towns), and that if any Perfon (hall build, or begin to build, or proceed in building, any Houfe or Part of a Houle, witnin fuch Didance, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Week afterwards until the fame (hall be pulled down or removed.

LXT. And whereas bad Accidents may happen, and great Mifchiefs done upon the faid Roads, by the Negligence or wilful Milbehaviour of Perfons riding Horfes and driving Carriages thereon: Be it therefore further enaft^d, I hat if any Perfon (hall tide any Hoife or other Beall, or (hall lead or drive any Carriage on the faid Roads, or on any Part thereof, fave and except on that Side of the Road firuate on his or her Left Hand* when meeting any othe* Carriage; or if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, or other fuch Carriage, (hall ride upon any fuch C . riage on the laid Road, not having Come other Perfon on Foot or on Horfeback to guide the fame, (fave and except ail fuch Carriages as are conducted by fome Perfon holding the Reins of the Horfe or Hories, or other Beall or Beads drawing the fame); or if the Driver of any Carriage whatfoever, on any Part of the faid Roads, (hall, by Negligence or wilful Milbehaviour, caufe any Hurt or Damage to any Perfon or Carriage palling along fuch Roads, or (hall quit the faid Road, and go on the other Side of the Hedge or Fence inclofing the fame, or wilfully be at fuch a Diftance from fuch Carriage, while it (hall be palling on fuch Roads, or on any Part thereof, that fuch Driver cannot have the Diredlion or Government of the Horfe or Horfes, or other Bead or Beads drawing the fame, or (hall, by Negligence or wilful Milbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the freePaffage of any other Carriage,or of any of His Majedy’s Subjefts on the faid Roads, or on any Part thereof, or if any Perfon driving or acting as the Driver of any Coach, Pod Chaife, or other Carriage let for Hire, or of any Cart, Car, Dray,Wain, or Waggon, or other fuch Carriages, and committing any Offence or Offences againd this Aft, (hall retufe to dif-cover (on being thereunto required by any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-ever) the true Chridian Name or Names, and Surname or Surnames of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors ef fuch Coach, Pod-chaife, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage refpeftively, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Driver fo offending (hall (or every fuch Offence, on being convifted theieof, either by his own Confedion or by the View of a Judice of the Peace, or by the Oath of any credible Witn* fs orWitnefles, forfeit and pay any Sura not exceedingForty Shillings in cafe fuch Driver (hall not be the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Coach, Pod-chaife, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, and in cafe fuch Driver (hall be the Owner or Proprietor of fuch Coach, Pod-chaife, Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, fuch Driver (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds j and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who (hall *5	fee

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 55.	*033

fee any fuch Offence committed, to letzeand apprehend, and alfo to and for any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, to affift in feizing and apprehending every Fuch Driv-r To offending, and by the Authority of this Aft, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Cuftody of a Conftable of other Peace Officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before fome Juftice of the Peace for the County,

City, or Place where the Offence fhali be committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXII. And whereas it would greatly relieve the Baronies of Fajfaghdi* Empowering men and STtevcmarigue if fuch Parts of this Aft as relate to the faid Road from Carlow to Cajllecomer were immediately carried into for^Tw50” * Efteft; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Road for the Grand Juries of the County of Kilkenny and the Queen's County, and they are hereby empowered to grant fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be levied off the faiJ Baronies as they (hall judge neccffary for thar Pur-pofe; any Law, Ufage, Cuftom, Matter, or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywife nofwithftanding.

LXIII. And be it further enafted, That ifanvPerfon (hall obftruft, hinder* or moleft any of the faid Truftees, or any Colleftor of Tolls, Treafurer, Ex^'ur-ou^of Secretary, Surveyor, Woikman, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, the Act. who is or are employed in carrying this Aft into Execution, in thePerform-ance or Execution of his, her, or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done by virtue or in pursuance thereof, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not lefs than Forty Shillings or more than Ten Pounds,

LXIV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon	lt

any Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the faid Truftees, or any &t Pcrjuiy. of them, or any Juftice of the Peace afting in Execution of this Aft, fhali wilfully and corrupily give falfe Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, or fhali wilfully and corruptly fwear or affiim any Matter or Thing, which fhali be falfe or untrue, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convifted thereof, fnall be, and is hereby declared to be, fubjeftand liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as, by any Law in Force and Fffeft, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

LXV. And whereas Perfons guihy of Offences againft this Aft may be Pwerto tranfient Perfons unknown to the Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers Collector*, under this Aft ; be it therefore further enafted, That it fhali and may be Sc”*nU,,t lawful to and for any of the faid Colleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers l s<dl*y refpeftively, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons guilty ot ° ence*‘ of any Offence againft this Aft, and forthwith convey him, her, or them, b- fore One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where any fuch Offence or Offences fhali be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft for fo doing.

LXVI. And be it further enafted. That all Penalties or Forfeitures, by Rij-owy ami virtue of thi> Aft impofed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof Apportion cf is not forebv otherwife particularly direfted). fhali be levied and re- t*cr‘aiue*' covered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender J Loc. ter.J	12	F	tx

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for any County, Town, or Place, where the Offence (hall happen, or by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more ot the faid Truftees* (which Warrant fuel) Juftice and Truftees is and are hereby empowered to grant, upon the Cpnteftion. of the Party, or upon the Evidence cf any credible Witnefs upon O.tth), an I the Ovetplus, if any, of the Money ai ling by fuch Dili r els and Sale, (hall be terurned upon Demand to the Owner of fach Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not herein-before direded to be otherwife applied), fhali be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, to be applied towards thePurpofes of this Act; and in cafe fufHcient Diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not be paid forthwith, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or futh Truftees, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal* or their Hands and Sea's, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfc of Correction of the County, City, or Place where the Offence fhali have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, lor any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor lefs than Twenty.one Days, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhali be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

LXVII. And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where any Conviction {hail be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Ad, the Form of Convi&ion fhali be in the Words, or to the Effed following j that is to fay.

Form oFCon- * RL ^ remembered. That on this	Day	of in the

victron. *	Year	of	the Reign of	A.	B. is

« convicted before	of His Maiefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the

«	or	before	or	moie of the Truftees appointed for ex-

‘ editing an Ad paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s « Reign, intituled, &c. \_Here fet forth the Title,] of having [as the

•	Offence jhall be], and 1 [or, we] the faid	do adjudge him

« [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of

*	Given under niyHand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals], the Day « and Year aforefaid.’

Aliens to	LX VIII- And be it further enaded, That whenever any Adion (ball be

b« LrougM	brought by the Order of the faid Truftees, againft any Perfon or Perfons,

jJJ- tbt Trea- by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad, the fame may be brought in the Name Auer or lire-, or Names of their Treafurer or Secretary, or in the Name of any One of ofrthe°T?uf- t^ie Truftees, on Behalf of the laid Truftees; and no fuch Adion ters; but	fhali abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perlbn in

thein*o°be	vvhofe Name the fame (hail be brought; but no fuch Treafurer, Secretary,

liable to the	or Truftee, or any or either of them, ihall be fubject to the Payment of

Payment of	any Cofts or Expences on account thereof, but all fuch Cofts and Ex-

Co	pences fhali be defrayed out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Ad.

Allowing

Appeal

the

Seffions,

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himielf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing, done in purfuance of this Ad, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the 7	Juflice*

48* GEORGII III. Cap.s$.	*035

Juftices of the Peace at the Fitft General or Quarter Stflions of the Peace to be holden for the County 01 Place within which he Matter of Appeal (hall ante, next after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months, from the Time fuch Matter of Appeal {hall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having firft given Twenty Days Notice at leafl, of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treafurer or Secretary to the laid Truftees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch County or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the faid Court thereon.; and the faid Juftices, at fuch Seffions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and to make fuch Determination therein, and to award fuch Cofts to either of the Parties, orotherwife, as they flialJ judge proper; and all fuch Determinations (hall be final, binding, and conclude to all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

LXX. And be it further enabled, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made Diftrefs rot for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the of For:n! fame be deemed aTrefpaffer or Trefpaffefs on account of any Defeft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Diltrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Paity or Parties fo diftraining ; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and n ay recover full Satisfaftion for the fpecial Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe.

LXXI. And be it further enacted. That no Order, Verdift, Affeflrnent, Judgment or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters"aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders againft this Aft, fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Forth only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin \ any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding.

Proceed ’ngj

quaftteri for want of Form, or be r e-

Ceitiorari.

LXXII. And be it further enafted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall re- plaintiffs rot cover in any Aftion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any *■*-,lhectrttTJ[0-Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have t ce, orafter been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty Days before fuch Ten ^of Aftion be commenced, of fuch intended Aftion, figned by the Attorney men ** for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Cau'e of fuch Aftion; nor fhall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court after fuch Aftion fhall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, lhe, or they fhall think fir, whereupon fuch Proceedings,

1036

Limitation

Actions.

Public Act.

Ccnflmnr* •I tbis Ati,

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

ceedings, Order, and Judgment (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perl’ons for any Thmg done in purfuance of this Aft, after Three Calendar Months next afrer the Faft committed ; and every fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County where the Caufe of Aftion (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and if any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty Days Notice (hall have been given, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid. then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or dilcontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againfl the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and ifi every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Cods, and have fuch Remedy for recoveiing the fame as any Defendant hath for Colts of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LX XIV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LX XV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall commence and take place on the Third Monday after the palling thereof, and (hall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the Lnd of the then next Sellion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod; Excellent Majefty. i8c8.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 56.

An A<S to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three A£ts of his late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cheftcrfield, in the County of Derby, to IVirkfop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads in the faid Acts mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Chejierjield to JVorkfop. [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was.pafTed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Adi for refairing the Roads from Bake well to Chefterfield in the County of Derby, and from Cheftcr field to VVorkfop in the County of Nottingham, and from Cheftcrfield to the Place where the Northern Road meets the Cheftcrfield Road, which leads to Mansfield in the (aid County of Nottingham : And whereas another Aft was pafied in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty, intituled. An Adi to enlarge, alter and render mo> e effectual the Term and Powers of an Adi of the T'we fib Tear of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to C he ft er field in the County of Derby, and from Cheftcrfield to Workfop in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned: And whereas another Att was pafied in the T*enty-fixth Year ot the Reign of His prefent Marftv, intituled, An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of ILec.VPer.]	12 G	Two

■■ l.c. tz<i

. a. c- 63J

2 C. l$z*

1038

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Two Adis made in the Twelfth and Thirty firjl Tears of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chefterfield in the County of Dei by to Workfop in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Chefterfield to Workfop : And whereas the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid Ads have proceeded to carry the fame into Execution, and have borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and aireded to be taken upon the faid Road from Chejierfield to Workfop leveral confiderable Sums of Money, which, together with a large Arrear of Intereft, ftiil remain due and owing, and the faid Road cannot be effedually amended and kept in Repair, nor the faid Sums of Money repaid, unlefs the Term and Powers of the faid Ads be further continued and enlarged ; may ic therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enaded j and be ic enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spititual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, cc/nUnued.ei" ^at kid Ads, and all the Powers, Provifions, Claufcs, Matters and Things therein contained (except fuch as have been varied, altered, or repealed, or are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and luch as relate to ' Exemptions from Stamp Duties) fhall be and continue in full force, and (hall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad; and this Ad and the additional Term hereby granted, (hall be and are hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of all the refpedive Sums cf Money now due and owing on the laid Road from Cheflerjidd to Work-fop, and of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall or may be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls of the faid Road, for the Purpofes of the faid Ads or of this Ad, and of all Intereft now due and to grow due for the fame refpedively.

Additional II* And be it further enaded. That Thomas Aft ley, "Jonathan Adlington, Trultee*. Sir Jofeph Banks Baronet, Knight of the Moft noble Order of the Bath, John Barnes, Sir William Chambers Bagfhaw Knight, William Bsgikaw Clerk, 'John Gorell Barnes, Henry Bowdon, George Bowden, Bruno Bozcdon, John Mell or Brown, Samuel Brown, John Bunting, Joftph Butler, George Beardfall, Mordccai Bifmey, William Bight, William Booth, William Cavendifh, George Henry Compton Cavendifh, Job Hart Price Clarke, John Cock, John Charge, John Croft, Jofiah Claugh ton, John C oiler, Thomas Clay, Thomas Clarke, Robert Cowley, Fletcher Dixon, Clerk, John Dixon, Thomas Dutton, Samuel Dethick, George Dunflon, Francis Eyre, Vincent Henry Eyre, Charles Nathaniel Eyre, Benjamin Eddifon, John Eddifon, George Fletcher Dcdor of Pliyfi”, William Burgoyne Fernell, Francis Fox low Clerk, John Froggatt, Jafper Fidler, Philip Gell, William Gell, Charles Gladwin, William Gill, Jojepb Graham, George Gfling, Jofeph Gratton, Jofeph Gralton the Younger, Rickard Girdlcr, William Gregory, William Grafton, Edward Smith Godfrey, Edward Greaves, William Greaves, Thomas Hazard, Thomas Flallows, Mark Hewitt, Jofeph lioole, Sir Thomas Wi dfor Hunloks Baronet, James Hunloke, Richard RoundelI Hurwood, Richard Hannam, Jofhua Jebb, Richard Jebb, Thomas Inman, John Inman, Thomas Kncwltcn, William Lovett, Thomas Burton Lucas, William /Hwocd Lord, Marmaduke Middleton Middleton, Thomas Macdonagk, ’Robert '	Malkin±

1039

4S0 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 56.

Malkin, 'Twothy Mafon, William Mel lor, William Milnes, John Milnes,

Jofsth Nall, Jbn Nutt all, George Nut tall, Richard Wood Neville, Samuel Plant, John Parkin of High Ground, Peter Acklam Reafton Clerk,

Cornelius Heathcote Reofton, John Rooth, William Robin Jon the Younger,

John Roe, Sitwell Sitwell, Thomas Smith, Ebenezer Smith,	Smith,

William Stubbing, William Stubbing the Younger, Jonathan Stckes I) eft or of Phyfic, Thomas Sykes, Laurence Short Clerk, vfiakM» Barker Slater,

Alexander Slater, Richard Slater, Thomas Stacye Clerk, Richard Thomas Sharpe. Wiliam Skynner, Robert Skynner, George Taylor, Henry Bache Thornhill, William Thornhill, Wot ton Byrcbinjhaw Thomas, The mod honourable William Henry Cavendijb Bentinck Scott, commonly trailed The Marquis of Tttchfeld, Edward Turner,	Walker,	William

Upright, Adam Wolley, William Wilcock, William Ward, Sir Thomas Woola-fton White Baronet, Ifaac WHfon, John Wood Clerk, Robert Wood and William Tates, (hall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the furviviog TrOftees appointed or elefted in or by virtue of the faid reci ed Afts ; and the faiu Truftees hereby appointed and their Suc-ceffors, being qualified as in the fecond recited Aft is mentioned, (hall have the like Powers and Authorities to aft in the Execution of the faid recited Afts (I'o far as the fame relate to the faid Road from Cbefterjield to Workfop) and this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as if they had been appointed by the laid recited Afts or any of them.

IIJ. And be it further enafted. That one Meeting at the lead in every One Meeting Year of the faid Truftees, lhall be held in Workfop aforefaid, and that ^£j:kf0e,Jat their Clerk (hall taufe Notice in Wi icing of every fuch intended Meet- cv™y yjar. ing to be affixed on all the Toll Bars upon the laid Road, and in fome confpicuous Part of the Town of Workfop aforefaid, at lead Ten Days be-iore the Time fixed for every fuch Meeting.

IV.	And be it further enafted, 1 hat from and after the Sixteenth One Toll only Day of December One thousand e ght hundred and eighr, no Toll fhall ff°rbea^k4'!,nd be demanded or taken at any Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes repSing? * erefted or to be erefted upon the aid Road, for any Carriage which af^er

having once palfed through fuch Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes, laden, and paid one full Toll thereat, (hall return and repafs the fame Gate or Turnpike on the lame Day laden, or fhall pals the fame laden twice, and repafs in one and the fame Day.

V.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the faid Sixteenth One full Toll Day of December, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and the Bar- fo^cSri^es keeper and Barkeepers by them appointed, and they are hereby aucho- after palling rized and required to demand and take at any Gate or Gates erefted or f'v,c,e thr°usfl to be erefted upon the faid Road, for every Carriage which after having twice paffed laden, and repaffed through the fame Gate or Gates and paid one full Toll therear, fhall again pafs through the fame Gate or Gates on the fame Day, laden, another full Toll.

the fame Gate.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Sixteenth Repiai;ng Cui. Day of December, fo much of the faid laft recited Aft as enafts, that tain Parrs of no Toll lhall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriage laden only t,,elaidAcfe*

with

1040

Repealing fo much o* faid

quires Two Tolls to be taken in One Day on the Cheftei field and Workfop Road.

Power to take Three Tolls

Line of the Road.

Declaring what Tods lh-il i b- taken for Carnages, when the Wheels (hall

B: eadtli of Nine Inches.

Tolls may be

rcduc.d.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

with Dang, Manure, Lime or Compoft, to be ufed in manuring and improving Lands within any Parifh, Hamlet, Quarter or Place, liable to Statute Work on the faid Road, fo that the laid Dung, Manure, Lime or Compoft, fhould arife, be gotten, made and ufed in the fame Parifb, Hamlet, Quarter, or Place; and alfo fuch Part of the faid iaft mentioned Act as enacts, that no Perfon fhall have or claim any Benefit or Exemption for and in refpe<5t of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, which hath or fhall have Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, fhall be and the fame are hereby refpe&ively repealed.

VII.	And be it further enadted. That from and after the faid Sixteenth Day of December, fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Adts as diredt that no more than Two Tolls fhall be taken in anyOne Day from any Perfon or Perfons travelling upon the faid Road between Ckefter-field and Workfop aforefaid, fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

VIII.	And be ir further enadted. That from and after the faid Sixteenth Day of December, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fhall from Time to Time authorize and appoint, to demand and take at the feveral Toll Gates eredted or to be eredled upon the whole Line or Length of the faid Road, Three full Tolls in One and the fame Day, to be compuied from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the next lucceeding Night, for all fuch Horfes, B?afts, Cattle, and Carriages 2S fhall or may pafs through the fame feveral Toll Gates : Provided neverthelefs, that it /hall not be lawful to or for the faid Truftees or fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, or any of them, to demand and take at the Toll Gates eredted or to be eredted upon the faid Road more than One full Toll and the Half of a Toll on that Part of the faid Road fituate between the Towns of Chejlerfield and Barlbrcugh, nor more than One full Toll and the Half of a Toll on that Part of the faid Road fituate between the Towns of Barlbrougb and Workfop aforefaid,

IX.	Provided alfo, and be ic further enadted, That from and after the faid Sixteenth Day of December, no more than a Toll cf One Penny Halfpenny fhall be demanded or taken in One Day at any of the Toll7 Gates eredted or to be eredted upon the faid Road, for any Cart cr other Carriage with Two Wheels and drawn by One Horfe only, the Wheels of which fhall be of the Breadth or Width of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, and that no more than Three fuch Tolls of One Penny Halfpenny each (to be taken in Manner hereinbefore provided for with refpedt ro the Tolls laftly heieinbefore granted) fhall be demanded or taken in the lame Day for any fuch Cart or Carriage as aforefaid, which fhall travel or go the whole Line or Length of the laid Road.

X.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, with the Content of the Perfon or Pcrlons entitled to Five-fixth Parts of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the faid Road, to leffenor

reduce

ro4-i

4.8* GEORGII III. Caf.56.

reduce the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited A£h and this Ad, for fuch Time as the faid Truflees, or any Seven or more of them fhall think proper, and again to raife ti e fame in fuch Manner as they fhall think proper; and luch Tolls fo leflened or reduced, fhall be collected., recovered, and applied in the fame Manner as the Tolls granted and continued by the faid Ads are directed to be colleded, recovered, and applied.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suir, or Collector of Litigation fhall arife, touching or in an>wife relating to the Tolls by Jifqunified0* the faid recited Ad or this Ad authorized to be colleded, or any of from being them, the Perfon or Persons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Witnefles. Perfon cr Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truflees, dial] not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colled the faid Tolls, or ading under the Authority of the

faid Truflees.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That no more than One Toll fhall be Inhabitants demanded or taken in One Day tor any Horfes or Cattle belonging to wcodVhorpe any Inhabitant of Staveky Woodthorpe, which fhall pafs or travel upon to pay only fuch Part of the faid Road as lies between Stavcley Woodthorpe and °ne'r°11* Cbeflerfield afore laid, nor more than One Toll for any Carriage belonging

to any fuch Inhabitant, which fhall pafs twice oniy laden, and repals in One Day through any Toll Gate ereded upon fuch Part of the laid Road.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to Duke of Norand for the Moft noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, and all and every Fer- fi»,k'9

fon and Perfons who for the Time being fhall be Owner or Owners of the tinued.00”* Manfion Houfe, called Workfop Manor, and his and their Servants j and alfo to and for the Friends of the faid Duke, who, during his or their Refidence and Abode at Workfop Manor aforefaid, fhall vific him or them there, during the whole Continuance of this Ad, to pafs and repafs through all fuch Toll Bars ereded or to be ereded on the laid Road or the Sides thereof, as are or fhall be fituate within Four Miles of Workfop Manor aforefaid, with Horles and all Manner of Carriages (except Carriages with Coals) without paying any of the Tolls or Duties granted by the faid recited Acts or this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as the fame Exemption has been granted and enacted in and by the faid recited Act of the Thirty-firfl Year of his faid late Majefty.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the faid Exemption! Sixteenth Day of Decembery no Toll fhall be demanded or received for frorn'f°ll. any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage

going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Parifhes or Places in which the Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Parc thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould,

Soil, Lime for Manure or Compoft of any Kind for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground wdihin any Parifh, Hamlet, Quarter, or Place, liable to do Statute Duty on the faid Road, nor fhall any [Loc, &Per.]	12	H	TolA

1042

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of, or returning from ploughing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Lind or Ground, or going for, or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Out-houfes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow,Dray,or other Implement of Hufbandry, or for any Horfe, or other Beall: or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame, in order for the repairing thereof, or uling the fame in Hulbandry, or for any Horfe, or other Beall or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be, or returning from being ihoed or tarried-, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letiers and Exprefl'es, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafier-general, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, fuinilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunreer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning Irom the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fucn. Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpedive Corps,and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps reflectively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles; nor lhall any Toil be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parilh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth lie, who lhall pafs through any of the laid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpedive Parilh Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Cbrifimat Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordeied by Authority to be celebrated, or who lhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parishes i or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any Tick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on Chrijlmas Day, Good Friday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor lhall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refped of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Palfenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caialh, or Cnair, going to or returning from any Eledion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ierve in Parliament, for the faid Counties ot Derby or Nottingham, on i he Day or Days of fuch Eledion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Eledion lhall begin or be concluded j and if any Perfon lhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or lhall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or any Part thereof, lhall be evaded, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety lhall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Ads and of tnis Ad.

XV.	And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.	104

XV. And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who by Law are statute La-or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable bour' towards repairing and amending the Lid Road, or any Part thereof,

(hall ftiil remain liable thereto, and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County in which fuch Road is fituate (as the Cafe may be), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Treafurer, Clesk, or Su-veyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpedive Parities or Places in which |the fame do lie-, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Paiilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, (hall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Trustees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, it lhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parifli or Place are by Law fubjed and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid ; which Lift; of Names lhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reft rid ions as are or may be direded by any Law or Statute in force or effed for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hall appear fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices (hall think reafonable and the fame (hall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road, as the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, lhall from Time to Time order, dired, and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhall and may alfo order and dired the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, to the (aid Truftees, or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices (hall dired; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the re-fpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Ad authorized or diiedcd to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who (hall negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Pur-pofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horle or Horfes, Beaft or Beafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by -any Law or Statute in force or effed for Repair of the public Highways;

1044

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be Pent wirh any Team or Draught to work on the Paid Road, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe, every fuch Perfon fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpective Forfeitures and Paymenrs as aforefaid, as if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Road; all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Trcafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Places fhall refufe, or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfed Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall, for every luch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

GompenfaUoni XVI. And be it further enaded. That if any Money lhall be paid, or if amounting * agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, to *ool. Qr Hereditaments, purchaied, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ads, or this Act, for the Purpofes thereof, which lhall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex -parte the Truftees for executing the faid Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dif-charge ©f any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Parc thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize! o be paid, afteding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or afteding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith cothe fame or the like Ufcs, Intents, or Purpofes; or where Inch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be hid out and inverted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the laid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fopurchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exilling undetermined, and capable of taking Effed ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the laid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid 9	Accountant.

48#GEORGII III. Cap.$ 6.	1045

Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds pet Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuitie ; and in the mean Time and until the faid B ink Annuities fhall be ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perlon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profirs of the faid Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited A£ls and this Adt, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money, Applica'i* n of fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

merits, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belong- »0oi.andnot ing to any Corporation, or to any Perlon or Perfons under any Difability exceeding »J. or Incapacity aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Pcrfon or Perfons for tneTime being entitled to the Rents and Profits cf the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Uiorcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpec-t've Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Lid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before dire fled, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the I ke Option, to Two Truflees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five of the Truflees for executing the faid recited Adis and this Acl (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Wi icing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving P.iriies) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo tar as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the Court or Cnancery.

XVIII.	Provided aVfo, and be it further enadled-. That where fuch1 Application Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as laid before-mentioned, fbalL

be lefs than Twenty Pounds then and in all fuch C *fes the lame fhall than sol. be applied to the Uleof the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the laid recited Atts and this Adi, in fuch Manner as the faid Truflees lhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, ro and for the Ufc and Benefit of fuch Perlon or Perfons fo cntided refpedivcly.

XIX.	And be it fuither em&ed. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Inc-’feefnot

to whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purchafe	ul’

of anv Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchaLd bv virtue

[L*c. Per.]	12	1	'of

1046

480 GEORGII III* Cap. 56.

of the faid recited A£b and this ACt, fhall refufe to accept the fame, of fhall net be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Pcrfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Here* ditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Gale ic fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (de-feribing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery •, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Pait thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inveltcd in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Efface or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable, and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for luch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for	what and for whofe Ufe the	fame is or are received, to

fuch	Perfon or	Perfons as fhall pay any fuch	Sum or Sums of Money into

the Bank as aforefaid.

Wh*re any XX. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Quef-an'fe1 touching	t,on	ar,k	touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid

any Title to "	into	the Bank	oi England* in the Name and	with the Privity of the Ac-

he* ‘'aCrthe countant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this or the p*rionVn pof- faid A&s, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or entidef1211 b* any ^ate’ Rights or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-c' ' ’ ments, to be purchafed in purfuance of, the faid recited A&s and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities ro be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PoffclTion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofieflion, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the laid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpolcd of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that luch Pofleflion was a wrongful Poffeftion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

6

XXI.	Provided

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 56.	1047

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, Thar where, by reafon The Court of of any Difability or Incapacity of the Pcrfon or Perfons or Corporation* ouleTreafoS-^ entitlel to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed able Expence tinder the Authority of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, the Purchafe J^Trufteei ^ Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery,

and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Courc of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of the faid Ads and this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhail deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Truflees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Ads and this Ad, who lhall from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall dired.

XXII.	And be it further enaded. That the Coils, Charges and Ex- Expences of pences incident to and attending the obtaining and p2lfing of this Ad,

lhall be paid by the Truftces, for executing the faid Ads, and this Ad, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money already railed by virtue of the faid Ads, or out of the Firll Monies which "lhall be colleded or received by virtue of the faid Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhail be deemed, Public Act. and taken to be a Public Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as

fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, withouc being fpecially pleaded.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad lhall commence upon Commer.ce-the palTing thereof, and lhall continue and be in force for and during SSStiSnofit the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then

next Seflion ot Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George F.yre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.



’ .J





)iI. > A U ^

i -Mr	/'IP

J'ii'f 1 I . :r	■	tii.

=V - ^ 'U . i	....	1	«	J	!	I.-	,/.	-■

'	..	b;u



Us !.«, ijn

#** ; > # *

. >•*, sy -j - • *->

•3V:.	/	1-.	.	,1



JtJ

■ ............ ■ .'1 . . >







■



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*********************************************************

Cap. 57.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to the Colliery near Pinx-ton Green, in the County of Nottingham.

[27th May 1808.]

y HERE AS an Aft was patted in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Att for repairing and widening the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield *	’3°

Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to the Mile Oak in the Parijh of Kirkoy* in A (h field, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton to Carter Lane, in the Parijh of South Nonn.anton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby : And whereas the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid Aft, have made greac Progrcfs in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed con-fiderabfe Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftill remain due, with confiderable Arrear of Imereft; and the Money fo borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Road be amended and kepc in Repair, unlefs the Term and Powers of the faid Aft be continued and enlarged i may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty thac it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and wich the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTmbled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That the laid recited Aft of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His further prefent M j -fty, and ail and every the C.aufes, Powers, Penalties, For- continue, fei cures, P ivilrges, Provifions, Matters, and Things the.ein contained '

[Loc. & Per.~\

12 K

(except



1050	4-8“ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 57.

(except fuch as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) (hall be and continue in full Force and EfFeff, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purples as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, but fubjeft neverrhelefs to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which (hall take Effeft upon the patting of this Aft; which (aid additional Term, and alfo the Tolls herein-after granted, (hall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the faid Road, or which (hall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit or on Account of the fame, by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and all Intereft due and to become due for the fame refpeftively.

Additional	II. And be it further enafted. That Thomas Ainfworth, Jofeph Bilbie,

Tmftees.	Thomas Bilbie, John Bilbie, John Mufters Chaworth, Edward Smith Godfrey,

Jofeph Hufton, Richard Jenkinfon, William Jeffop, George Keyworth, Edward Little, IVilliam Richard Middlemore, John Millward the younger, Richard Miilward the younger, Thomas Millward, Henry Machin, David Mufhett, Thomas Neale, John Nicholfon, John Parkinfon the younger, Richard Par-kinfon, Robert Parkin, Lancelot Rollejlon, the Honourable and Reverend John Lnmley Savile, John Sharpe, IVilliam Turbutt, William Turbutt the younger, Richard Eurrows Turbutt Clerk, Francis Wilmot, John Wilmot, John Eardlcy Wilmot, John Slater Wilkinfon, Robert Wood, James WilJ'on, and Samuel Wilfon, (hall be added to and joined with the Trultecs appointed by or in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, for putting the faid red ed Aft a d this Aft into Execution; and the Truftees hereby nomi • nared, and their Succeftors being qualified according to the Direfticns of the faid recited Aft, are hereby empowered to aft in the Execution of the faid Aft and of this Aft, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Pur-pofes as if they had been appointed Truftees in and by the faid recited Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That fo much of the faid rec'ted Aft as enafts that no more of the Tolls therein mentioned (hould be demanded and taken at any Toll Gate to be erefted by virtue of the faid recited Aft upon any Parr of the faid Road, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, patting or repaying through the fame, having come from or going to Alfreton, Cam-field, or any other Place in the County of Derby, than whac fhould be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate then or which (hould be erefted upon any Part of the Road that lies between Carter Lane and the Town of Alfreton, (ball be and the fame	is hereby declared to be repealed.

Repeal Of IV.	And be it further enafted,	That fo much of the faid recited Act	as

i^rthef136^*	en:'^s	r^at n0 morc l^an Sum of One Penny (hall be demanded and

Regulation	taken	at any Turnpike for any	Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs,	or

cfToili. other Beads drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, travelling no further along the Road than from, through, or bv the Way of Selfion in the County of Nottingham, or Boffit Lane, in the Parifhes of Seljion and Pinxton aforefaid, to the Colliery at or near Pinxton aforefaid, (hall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

Repeal of Clauf“ refpefl-ine ionie of the Tolls*

3

V. AnJ

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.	1051

V.	And be ir further ena&cd. That fo much of the faid recited A& as ena&s that no Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate fhall be ere&ed upon any Part of the Road that lies or is upon or between the Foreft of Sherwiod and the Town of Kirkbyt nor between the faid Town of Pinxton and Carter Lane, fhall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

VI.	And whereas the Tolls by the faid firft recited A£t authorized to be taken on the laid Road, have been found infufficient effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and pay the Intereft of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the faid Tolls $ be it therefore further enacted. That the feveral Tolls now payable by virtue of the faid recited Aft (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer payable, and that ioftead thereof the following Tolls Ihall be demanded and taken; that is to fay,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calafh,

Hearfe, Chaifc, Phaeton, Whifkey, or Chair, drawn by One or more Horfes or other Beaft of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny for each and every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, between the Firft:

Day of May and the Thirty-fiift Day of October \ and the Sum of Sixpence for each and every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught drawing as aforefaid, between the Thirty-firft Day of OEiober and the Firft Day of May:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other fuch Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Three-pence, for each and every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, drawing as aforefaid, between the Fnft Day of May and the Thirty-firft Day of October; and the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny for each and every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, between the Thirty-firft Day of Oflober and the Firft Day of May:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other fuch Carriage, having the Sole or Botcom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lefs Breadth or Dimcn-fions than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny for each and every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, between the Firft Day of May and the Thiriy-firft Day of Ofiober j and the Sum of Sixpence Halfpenny for each and every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, between the Thirty-firft Day of Oftcber and the Firft Day of May:

For every Horfe, Mule, Afs, or other Beaft of Burthen, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny between the Fit ft: Day of May and the Thirty-firft Day of O£lober\ and the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for each Horfe, Mule, Afs, or orher Beaft of Burthen laden or unladen and not drawing, bciween the Thirty-firft Day of October and the Firft Day of May:

For every Drove of Oxen or other neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence^;- Score; and fo in proportion for any lefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling -per Score; and fo in proportion for any lefs Number; and tor every Pair of Mill Stones, Two Shillings and Sixpence.

And that double the faid refpeftive Tolls (hall be demanded and taken for Double Toll* all Horfes, Cattle, Beafts, and Carriages, upon every Sunday in the Year, ou Sunday. to be reckoned from Twelve of the Clock in every Saturday Nitiht to Twelve of the Clock in the next Succeeding Sunday N ght; which faid Tolls fhall be and the fame aie hereby veiled in the Truftces for executing the faid recited Act and this Act, and the fame fhall and may be demanded,

levied.

Repeal of Claufc a* to erecting Gates.

For difeoru filming the prefent Toll*

nwlneT”3

New ToJlj.

1052

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 57.

levied, recovered, applied, and difpofcd of in the fame Manner and to and for the fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as in and by the faid recited Aft is mentioned and declared with relpect to the Tolls thereby granted.

Ex’mptlcns	VII. And whereas feveral of the Exemptions granted by the faid rec’ted

110mToll. A<ft have been found very detrimental to the faid Road; be it therefore ena&ed, That the faid Exemptions Ihall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and that from and after the palling of this Act, no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing pf the faid Road or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Parilhes in which any Part of fuch Roads do lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in r.he Outhoules or on the Lands cf the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Corn, Grain, or Grift carrying to or from any Corn M:ll being in any of the Hamlets, Townlhips, or Places through which the faid Roads or any Part thereof fhall lead ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages returning unloaden, after having carried any fuch Corn, Grain, or Grift, fuch Corn, Grain, or Grift being for piivate Ufe only and not for Sale ;• or for any Waggon, Wa n, Cart, Carriage, or Horfes employed in conveying or carrying or going empty to carry or convey, or returningf.om carrying or conveying, having oern employed only in carrying or conveying any Plough, Harrow, or Implement of Hulbandry, or any Mould, Dung, (Comport, or Manure employed in Hulbandry for manuring or improving Land; or for any Lime uftjd in che-Xqvvndiips or Places in which the fame is burnt, or for any other Thing employed in the Management bf ar.y Farm or Lands in any of the Townlhips or Paddies through which the fai.l Road palP.-s ; or for any Hoifes or Caufe going to or returning from Pafture or Watering Places, or going to or returning from' bein'g diced or fanied; or from any I\rfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of‘Worlhip tol rated by L w, on a Sunday. or on any other D .y on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to b . celebrated, or attending the Fune al <>f any Pcrfon that dial! die and be buVied in any of the P^rilhes through which the laid Road pafles; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vi ft ting any ftek Pcrfon, or up n other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any ether Day on which D.vine Service is ordered by Authority to be cele-bra-ecl; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Defcripuon, empl yed o. to be employed in conveying the Mail of Letters and Exprelfcs under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poft-mafter General, either when employed in.conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefles, or in returning back from conveying the lame; or fur any Horfes, Carts, or Waggon*, attending any Soldiers upon theii March or on Duty, or drawing ar.y Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Pafles; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead drawing any C >ach, Landau, Beilin, Chariot, Calafli; *Ch*ir, or P .fienger on Horfc-back geingto or returning from any Election of a Knight or "Knights of the Shire to feivc in Parliament-for the Counties of D?rby and Nottingham, or for the Borough of Derby, or for the Town and County of the Town

of

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

JOS3

of Nottingham, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleftion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifiled by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercil’e,' proviJed fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as alorefaiti; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in any fraudulent or collu-five Manner Miatfocver claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this AO: granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fh.ill forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the oihtr Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of the laid Act and this Aft.

VIII.	And whereas many Carriages travel upon the faid Road laden Perfons hav-with Coals and other heavy Loading, and pafs and repafs thereon feveral

Times in the fame Day with different Cattle or Carriages, to the Injury i„g witi» dif-of the faid Road ; be it therefore further enafted, That if .my Perfon who ^r^nK-attle fhall have paid Toll for the patting of any Carriage or Cattle through any ontheS.e9 Gate or Turnpike, fhall again coineto and attempt to pafs the fame Gate cr Turnpike on the fame Day, with either a different Carriage or different ^otj#

Cattle, every fuch Perfon fhall again pay another full Toll for the patting cf fuch new Carriage or Cattle, as if no l oll had been before paid.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Difpute Depute* con-fbaii happen about the Quantity of Toll due or the Charges of keeping to^^etdtd^ any Diftrefs or Diftreffes, it fhall be lawful for the Colleftor or Perfon byajuface. ciflraining to retain the fame, or the Money arifing by Sale thereof, as

the Cafe may happen, until the Quantity of Toll due and the Charges of fei-zring, didraining, keeping, and felling fuch D.ftrefs or Diftrefies fha'l be ascertained by feme Juftice of the Peace for the refpeftive Counties, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, fhall examine the faid Matter on Oath of the Parties or any credible Witnefs or Witnefles, and deternwne the Quantity of the Toll due, and attefs the Charges of fuch Seizin e, Dili refs. Keeping, and Sale, and alfo all the Colleftor’s Attendances for that Purpofe on the faid Juftice; and that all fuch Sums fo determined or affeffed fha’l be paid to the faid Colleftor or other Per-lon before he fha'l be obliged to return any Diftrefs, or the Overplus Money alter the Sale thereof or of any Part thereof.

X.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Liti- Collett ore of gation fhall arife, touching or in any wife relating to the laid Tolls or any iiSt witT* of them, or to the Recovery of any of the Penalties by the faid rebited m-ffes.

Aft or this Aft to.be laid, or in the Execution of any .of the Powers of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect fuch .'Polls, or any other Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of ifte faid Trultees, (hall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, on Account df their b ing fo appointed.

[Loc. V Per,]

XL Provided

12 L

1054

Truitefs not

lei's 1 l.rae of the Creditors

Meetings on

Penalty on Perfous interrupting

Form of Conviction.

4§c GEORG II III. Cap. 57.

XL Provided alwavs nevertbelefs and be it further enabled, That no Gate, Turnpike, or Toli-houfe, or Weighing bngine which ilaall have been erected or let up by virtue of the laid recited Aft, fhall at any Time be removed or taken down, nor (hall any new Toll-gate, Turnpike, Toll-houfe, or Weighing Engine erected or let up in any Part or Parts of the Paid Road, be taken down or removed to any ether Place or Places, unlels by Order of the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them, nor unlefs Three out of that Number fhall be Mortgagees or Creditors on the lolls of the faid Road, at a public Meeting for that Purpofe afTembled, v. hereof Twenty-one Days Nonce fhall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the l urnpike-gaies which fhall then be e efted by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and alfo inferied in the Nottingham and Derby Newfpapers, fpecifying the Purpofe of fuch Meeting, any I hing in the faid recited Aft contained to ttie contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it fu. iher enafted, That if it fhall at any Time be thought neceffary for the better Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, that the Trultees fhould meet before the lime to which any Meeting fhall be adjourned, or in cafe an Adjournment fhall have been made as direfted bv the faid recited Aft or this Aft, the Perfon afting as Clerk to the faid Truflees, upon an Order in Writing figned by any Three or more of them, although not afTembled at a Meeting (mentioning the Time and Place of fuch Meeting) fhall as Ron as may be give Notice thereof by Advertifement in the Derby and Nottingham Newfpapers, and alfo by Notice in Writing on the Turnpike gates, and in fuch Notice appoint a Meeting of the Truflees to be held at fuch Time and Place as fhall be direfted by fuch Order, fuch Time not being lefs than Twenty-one Days after Publication of the faid Notice, and all the Afts, Orders, and Proceedings of the Truflees at fuch Meetings fhall be as valid and effectual as if fuch Meetings had been held in purluance of an Adjournment.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Pcrfons fhall affault, interrupt, or hinder, or attempt fo to do, or caufe or procure to be affaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Colleftor or Collectors of the Tolls, or any of the Turnpike Surveyors, or ary other Perfon or Perfons by them or any of them, or by the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, or carrying away of any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Stone, Chalk, Limeflone, Sand, Flint, and other Materials for the widening or repairing the faid Road or any Part or Parrs thereof, or in topping, lopping, cutting down, or removing any Trees or Bufhes, or in digging, cleanling, draining, or fcouring any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourfe, or in doing any other Aft in or for the repairing or widening the faid Road or any Part or Parts thereof, or otherwife in and for the Execution of the Powers by the faid recited Aft or this Aft given or either of them, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds

XIV.	And, for the more fpeedy and eafy Conviftion of Offenders againft the recited Aft and this Aft, be it further enafted, That all and every Juflice or Juflices of the Peace, before whom any Perlon or Perfons fhall be convicted of any Offence againft the faid recited Aft or this Aft, fhall and may caufe the Convift on to be drawn up in the following

I055

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

lowing Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words, to the like Effcd; videlicet,

County of ) T>IZ it remembered, That on the	Day	of	Oaih.

Nottingham.)	jn	Year	of	His	Maj	city’s

Reign, A. B. is convided before	of	His	Majefty’s

juftices of the Peace for the County of	by	virtue	of

an Ad made in the	Year	of the Reign of His Majefty

King George the Third, intituled, “ An Act [here fet forth the Title of the Aft, and /pecifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe fhall he^ Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and Seal, as the Cafe may be\ the Day and Year firft above written.’

And that no Objection fhall be made or Advantage taken for want of Not to He Form in any fucii Convidion by any Perfon or Per tons whomsoever, and want of Form that no Proceeding to be had touching the Convid'on of any Offender or oriemovabie Offenders againft the faid recited Ad or this Ad, fhall be quafhed or bytc,t,0iari* vacated for want of Form, or be removable by Certiorari, or any other Procefs whaifoever, into any of His Majefty’s Couits of Record at H'ejlmvfier.	'

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Money fhall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- M^ev^when1 chafed, taken, or u'ed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ad amounting to and this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corpo- *°o1-ration. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Peifon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid recited Ad particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Generat of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the Truftees tor executing the faid Ad and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Couit, to be iignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be prelerredin a fumma^y Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe c f the L.and Tax, or towards the Dif-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the laid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Trufls, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Land-, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon luch and the like Ufes, Trlifts. Intents, and Purpofes, and in the lame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ul’ed as aforefai-i, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fu^h Conveyance or Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Eff d ; and in the mean I’inae and until fuch Purchafe lhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant Geneiai in his Name

in

1056	4®’’	GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confciidated cr Three Poundsper Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and iu the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the faid recited Act or this Adt directed to be purchafed, in ca:e fuch Purchafe or Settlement were' made.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforeLid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in ail fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons fox4 the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,, Tenement?, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, cr ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the fa d Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereln-before directed, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truflees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Op;ion, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truflees for execu ing the faid recited Aft and this Act (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends a riling thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That where fuch Money where the f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fnall be lefs than ^ Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to theUfe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Prolits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid Ad and this A£t, in fuch Manner as the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ivelv.

In cafe of not XVIII. And be it further enabled. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons Tti«S °Ut r° w^om any Sum or bums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands. Teriemenis, or Hereditaments, to be purchjfed by virtue of the laid recited Ail or this Act, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction! of the laid Truflees j or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found j or 3	if

Application

C >rrpeniation Money is lefs than 2001.and more than 201.

48’GEORGII lit. Cap. if.	tatf

if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall Perdu® and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money, fo awarded as aforefaid, liank; to be paid into the Hank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them] fubjeft to the Order, Con- to th« troul, and Difpcfition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid Court	lhe

of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim chancery on to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Peti- MoUon °r tion, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummarv Way of Proceed* ing, or otherwife, as to the fame Court fliali feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dif-tribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate or Eflates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reasonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums cf Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where any Quef- Rsfpe6ing<dift tion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid puted Title*, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid recited Aor this A£l, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments," or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Act or this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been in PofTeftion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PofTeftion, until the contrary fhall be fhevvn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of luch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid,'applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofteftion was a wrongful PofTeftion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XX Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That whereby Reafon of The Court any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation enti- "^y order tied to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under ExVei'c^of the Authority of the faid recited Act or this A<ft, the Purchafe Money for i'urc.ia-e. to the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to Tuat ts^ lh* be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments,

- \Loc. & Perd\	is	M	to

lc>5$	4S"GE0RGI1	III.	Cap.	57.

to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Coart of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court fhali deem realbnable, together with the necelfary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, who fhall from Tune to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court lhall direft.

Perform	XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all Perfons who

Statute3Work by Law are or lhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be tocontinusC. chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Road or any Part thereof, fhali Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore $ and defermine	anc*	may	be lawful to and for any Two or more Jullices of the

Differences Peace for the faid County of Nottingham, and they are hereby empowered tu^c Work!3" anc* reclu,rech upon Application made to them by the faid Truilees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Stature Work lhail every Year be done upon the laid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parilhes or Places in w'hich the faid Road lies, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, lhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truilees, or to their Treafurer, and in order thereunto it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Jullices from Time to Time to furnmon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Jullices, at fome PLce to be exprefled in fuch Summons (within Five Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Te-ims or Draughts or other wife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names lhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as is, are, or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in Force and Elfeft for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Jullices lhall and may allot, appoint, and order l’uch and fo many of the Perfons who lhall appear to be fubjeft and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Jullices lhall think rtai'onable; and the fame lhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the laid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors lhall from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint ; and the faid Julbces lhall and may alfo order and direft the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fha'l appear to be lubjeft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Jullices lhall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices lhall direft, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeclive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the laid recited Aft authorized or directed to be recovered} and each and every Perfon who lhail neglect or refufe to do 7	fuch

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 57.	1059

fuch Stature Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, befubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfon who fhail come to work as a Labourer, or fhail be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road fhail be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who fhail be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhail be fubjeft and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid as if he had negleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Road; all which Forfeitures fhail be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the faid Road; and in cafe the laid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places fhail refufe or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhail knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfed Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings*

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhail and may be lawful to Truftee3nTfor and for the faid Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Per- stature'work, fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them

done on the faid Road or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parilhes or Places in which the faid Road is fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Tiuftees fhail think reafonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road; which Compofuion Money fhail always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parifh, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parifh or Place fhail not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees may fue and Truftees may be filed for or concerning any Thing to be done againft or by virtue or in fue °r£e lued purfuance of the faid recited A cl or this Aft, in the Name of either their UrfheirClerk Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit, to be or Treasurer, brought or commenced by the Direction of or againft the faid Truftees, in

the Name of their Clerk or Treffurer, fhail abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Cleik or Treafurer, or by any Aft of fuch Clerk or Treafurer, without the Confent of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being fhail be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Aftion or Suit; and every fuch Clerk or Treafurer, in whofe Name any Aftion or Suit lhal! be commenced, profecuted, or defended in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be fully reimburfed out of the frft Money to arife

by

io6o

For paying the Expences ®f the Act.

public Act.

Continuance •t the Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.

by-virtue of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, all fuch Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in confequence of any fuch Adion or Suit, or any Proceeding had thereon, he fhall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable to, by reafon of his fo being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Cofts, Charges, and Ex-pences incident to and attending the palling of this Ad, (hall be paid by the faid Tiuftees or any Five or more of them, as foon as may be, out of the Monies received or to be received or borrowed by virtue of the faid recited Ad, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever; and in cafe any Pcrfonor Perfons fhall advance and pay any Money for the Expences of obtaining and palling this Ad, fuch Pcrfon and Perfons fhall be repaid the fame, together with lawful Intereft thereon from the Time of advancing the fame.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fha'l be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid recited Ad and this Ad (fubjed to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) fhall continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the T. rm granted by the faid recited Ad, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majtfly. 1808.



GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 58.

An A& for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adts of His prefent Majefty,. for repairing the Road from Workfop, in the County of Nottingham, to Attercliffe, in the County of York.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Maj Tty, intituled, An Afi for repairing and widening 4G. 3. c. 511 the Read from Workfop, in tbeCounly ^/Nottingham, through the Towns ofGi telorth, A.olton, Alton, Handfworth, and Darnail, to the North Eafl End of AtrerclifFe, in the County of York, where the fame joins the TurnpikeRoadfrcm 'Ba.wiiy to Sheffield : And whereas another Aft was palled in the T wet tv-fix* h Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiedy, intituled,^ j 6 Act for enlarging the Term• ard Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Tea' cf the Reign of His prefent Majefty Ki g George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Workfop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gat*-forth, Anfton, Aftin, Handfworth, and Darnail, to the North Eajh End of Attercl ffe, in the County cf Yo k, where the fame joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield : And whereas the Truftees ap, ointed in and by virtue of the laid Aft$ luvc irade great Progrtfs in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed confide r a bfi Sums of Money upon the- Credit of the-Tolls thereby granted, but find that the find ltoid cannot be rfffcftjally amended, \\ d ned, a~d kept in efficient Repai', nor the find Sums of Money fo borrowed a*> afortfaid be repaid, unlefs the Term granted by the Did Afts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarge : $ May it therefore pleafe (Lee. iVr.J	12	N	Your



1062

48*GEORGII III, Cap. 58.

Your Majcfty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Content ot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament Afts further aflernblcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Afts, continued. and all and every the Ciaufes, Powers, Authorities, Piovifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and alio fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) fhall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term hcrein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained ; and that this Aft fhall commence and take Effect upon the palling thereof; and the Term and Powers hereby granted fhall be and are hereby declared to be fubject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the faid recited Afts, and of fuch other Sums of Money as fhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Aft, and all InterefT due and to become due thereon refpeftively.

For appoint- II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this icesUW T uf*	Thomas Ward.,	William Ball,	John Soreby,	John Dakin, Jofeph Ready

William Vereljl, Samuel Staniforth, John Littlewood, Peter Btrks, William Greaves, Richard Thomas Sharpe, Jfohn Wright,	Lacey	Clerk,

Lhomas Raddijh Clerk, Francis Owtram the younger. Job Convoorth, Richard Roe, and Clay Dethick, fhall be added to and joined with the Truftees appointed by or in purfuance of the faid recited Afts for putting the fame and this Act into Execution ; and the Truftees hereby appointed, and their Succeffors refpeftively, being qualified according to the Directions of the faid recited Afts, are hereby empowered to aft in the Execution of the faid Afts and of this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been appointed Truffees in or by virtue oi the faid reated Afts.

Tmft-es may HI. And be it further enafted, That all Aftions, Suits, Profecutions, filed "athe	Infolillations, Appeals, and other	Proceedings whatever, to be had,

Name of	takenprofecuted or defended, by	or againft the faid Truftees, fhall	be

lureror"*"	fad, taken, profecuted or defended in the Name of their Treafurcr	or

Cleik,	Cleik; and that no Afti m, Suit,	Profecution, Information, Appeal	or

other Proceeding to be had, taken, profecuted or defended, by or againft the faid Truftees, or any of them, by virtue of this or the laid r. deed Acts fhall abate cr be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Trcafurer or Cleik, but that the Treafurcr or Clerk for the Time being to the faid Truftees fhall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Pto-f:cuter, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Refpondent, in any fuch Aftion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Prorcedine, as the Cafe fhall be: Provided always, that fuch Trealurer or Clerk m whole Name any fuch Action, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal, or ether Proceeding fhall be had, taken, profecuted or defended in purfuance of this Act, fhall be fully rtimbuifed and paid, out of the Monies anfing by virtue of this or the laid recited Acts, all fuch Colts, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in confequence of any luch Action, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings,

he

io6j

48° GEOR GII III. Cap. 58.

be fhall pay, bear, fudain, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with or liob’e for or be fairly entitled to by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff, Defendant, Informant, Appellant or Refpondent as atore-faid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Tell Bar Litigation fhall arife, touching or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls,

or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this or the neff:*, faid recited Acts, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to collect the faid Tolls, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid Truflees, fnall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit or Litigation, by reafon of his, her or their being fo appointed to collect the faid Tolls, or acting under the Authority ot the faid Truflees.

V.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited A&s have been For difconti-feund inefficient for amending and keeping the faid Road in good Repair, piSt^Toila, and for executing the feveral other Purpofes of the faid Adis; be it and granting therefore further enacted. That from and after the Fird Day of December new ones* One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Tolls payable in and by the

faid recited Adis fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid ; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls fhall be demanded and taken before any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beall or other Cattle, Coach,

Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatfoever, be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, erected or to be erected by virtue of the faid recited Acts or this Act upon or acrofs the fait’ Road, or upon or acrofs any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (chat is to fay),

For every Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Curricle, Calafh, Chaife,

Chair, Hearfe or Chaife Marine, drawn by Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught, Three Shillings-, and drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads of Draughr, Two Shillings and Three Pence j and drawn by Two Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence :

For every Poll Chaife, drawn by Four Horfes or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Chaife or Chair, drawn by One Horfe, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny:

For every Horfe, Ox or other Bead of Draught; drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart or Carriage laden with a Block or Blocks of Stone or Marble, or with Timber, or drawing any Mill Stone or Mill Stones, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, drawn by Five or more Horfes, Oxen or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by ltd than Five, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny for every Horfe,' Ox or other Beall of Draught fo drawing :

For every Hutfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny-For every Drove of Oxen, B ads or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence per Score; and fo in Proportion for any lclfer Number:

For every Drove or Herd of Calves, Sheep, Swine or Lambs, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny per Score; and loin Proportion for any Ids Number,

VL And

1064.	4 8° GEORG 11 III. Cap.5 8.

uTbe ^fi?e°i”rj VI. And be it further enaded. That if any Surveyor or Perfon or Per-

or icnc«d ol? fons employed by him fliall, by reafon of the fearching for, digging or getting any Gravel, Sand, Stones, Chalk, Clay or other Materials for repairing the faid Road or any Part thereof, make or caufe to be made any Pit or Hole in any Lands or Grounds, fuch Surveyor or Perfon or Performs fliall caufe the fame to be forthwith fufficiently fenced off, and fuch Fence to be fupported and kept in Repair during fuch l ime as the faid Pit or Hole (hall continue open, and fhal), within Ten Days after fuch Pit or Hole (hall ceafe to be further ufeful, caufe the fame to be forthwith filled up. Hoped down ©r levelled as far as the Turf or Clod which was dug out of the fame will allow, taking Care always to pre-lerve the Top Turf or Clod, and alfo to lay the fame on the Top of fuch Pit or Hole fo filled up, Hoped down, or levelled as aforefaid.

Exemptions VII. And be it further enabled, That no Toll fhall be demanded or

from Toll. taken for any Horfc, Cattle or Beaft, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or con-veying,- having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfliips or Pariflies in which any Part of fuch Road lies j or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or diipofed of, but pafling to be laid up Or placed in the Outhoufes or on the Lands of the Owners*, or for any Horfc, Cattle or Beaft, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Com*-poft or Manure employed in Hufbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for sny Horfe or Cattle going to or returning from Palture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being ftioed or far-rted j or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel or oilier Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated*, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that (ball die and be buried in any of the laid Townfhips or Pariflics; or from any Clergyman going to cr returning from vifiting any lick Pcr-fjn, or upon other h.*s Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfe, Cattle or Carriage of whatever Defcnption, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprelles under the Authority of His Mojefty’s Poftmaftei General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or ExpreffVs, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfc, Cattle or Beaft, attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage ; or for any Horfe, C u t. Cattle or Beaft, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal FafTcs, or returning, therefrom *, or for any 1 iorfe, Cattle or Beaft carry ing■•or conveying any Perfon or Ferfons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the Counties of Nottingham or Tork, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Elc&ian Hi all begin or be concluded; and that no Toft Hull be demanded or taken

for

1065

4B°'GE0RGII III. Cap. 58.

tor any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Perfon belong^ ir»cr to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode bv them in going to cr returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Perfons fhall ber drefled in the Uniform of their refpe&ive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the R-gulatiom provided for fuch Corps refpec-tivelv, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid-, and if any Perfon or Perfons fhal’, in any fraudulent or coliufive Manner whntlo* ever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Adt granted, not being entitled to the fame, every luch Perlon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch O.Tcnce any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety Ihall be applied for the Purpofcs cf this Ad.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all Petfons who Perfons by Law are or iball be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall sutm^Work-chargeable towards repairing and amending the laid Road, or any Part to con-inac * thereat, Ihall ftdl remain liable thtreto in like Manner as heretofore-, and lo-it Ihall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Jufiices of the Peace for the laid Counties of Nottingham and York, and they are hereby required, upon Applicstion made lotnem by the laid Truftees, or any Five > or more of them, or bv their Clak or Surveyor by their Order, refpedively to adjudge and determine whit Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upan< the laid Road by the Inhabitants of the reipective Paddies, Townlhips or Place1, in which the laid Road lies, and alfo what Pioporuon of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh, Townlhip, or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofi ion for luch Statute Work as aforefaid, Ihall be by him, her or them paid to the Lid Truliees or to their Treafurer; and in ordrr thereunto ic ihall and may be lawful to and for fuch Jultices from Time to Time tofummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilli, Townlhip or Place, to bring in true and perfect Lifts in Writing b. fore fuch Jufiices, at fome Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons, within ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons, of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Panda, Townlhip or Place, are by Law fubjed and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguiftiing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otberwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid, which Lifts Ihall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridiom', as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the public Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to Statute Work as atorelaid, 10 do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay time or Haiveft) and on fuch Parts of the Lid Road, as the faid Truf-tees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time o der, dired and appoint; and the Lid Juftices fhall and may allooid'-r and direct the Pcrlons who by fuch Lift Ihall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Pioporuon thereof as the (aid Juftices fhall think \Loc.	iV.J 12 Q	proper,

to 66

48° GEORGII . III. Cap. 58.

proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices (hall direct; and in riefaulc of Payment thereof the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeclive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Ads authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Pcrfon %vho (hall negled or rtfufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, a fur Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at hi{, her, or the r laft or ufuaLPlace or Places of Abode for that Purpofe by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer of Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Djaughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beafts, to be provided bv him, her, or them, be fubjedfc and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and forfeitures as fuch Pcrfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and Effed for the Repair of the publick Highways j and if any Pei Ion who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off* the Perfon who (hall be (ound idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Pcrfon (hall be fubjed and liable to the rcfpeilive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid as if he had negleded or refuird to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been (ent to work on any Pait of the faid Road, all which Forfeitures (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road-, and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parifties or Places (hall refufe cr wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfed L Its, every fuch Surveyor fb offending fha 11 for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling'.

Tr»fte«s may IX. And beit further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and St^utcUvvcrkr ^or l^e ^ ruftees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and ’ agree by the Year of oiherwilc, with any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the (aid Road,, or any Part thereof, and alfo with'the Inhabitants and Occupirrs of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, cf and in all or any of the Pari!hes,'Town-ftups or Piaces in which the faid Road is fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees (hall think reafonable, in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all cr any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road ; which Compofition Money fnall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parilh, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, in Advance, on or before the Twenty-fecond Day of November in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Pariih, Tov/nfhip or Place, (hall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Application X. Ana he it further enaded, That if any Money (hall be agreed or l^tncy*" awarc*c£*t0 he *or any Lands, Tenements or Hereditam nts, puichafed,, when amount- taken <r ufed bv virtue of the Powers of the laid recited Ads and this exceeding	Ad, f r ihe Pur poles thereof, which (hail belong to any Corpo-ation,

aooi.	Fen e Covert, lnfam, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability

or Incapacity, as in the faid firlt recited Act paiticularly mentioned, fuch 7	Money

1067

48° GEORG II III. Cap. $8.

Money ftiall in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Founds, with all ct.nvenient*Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the fair! recited Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Perfon or Pcrfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Land , Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land-Tax, or towards the Dtlcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (ball authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or afieding other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith to the lame or the like Ufes,

Trulls, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money Hull not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invcfled, under the like Diredion and Approoation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like U.'es, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purehafed, taken or ufed as alorefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance or Settlement fhall be ex-^ tiling undetermined and capable of taking Pffcd ; and in the mean Time and until luch Purchafe fhall be made, the Lid Money fhall, by Order of the Lid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invcfled by the faid Accountant General in Ins Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Cunfolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank An-; nuities j and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annu.ties fhall be ordered by the laid Corn t to be lold for the Purpofes alorefaid, che Dividends and annual Produce of the Lid Conlolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perlons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamants lb direded to be purchased, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Money where left fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- iooi. ments, purchaled, taken or uled for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging exc€cd‘n£ to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Pcrfons under any Difability or Incapacity as afon Lid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Pcrfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo pur. haled, taken or uled, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figmfi d in Writing under their rclpective Plands, be paid into the Bilik, with the P.'ivicy and in the Name of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-brfire direded, or ocherwife the fame fit :ll be paid at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Pei Ion or Pcrfons miking luch Option, and approved 01 by Five or more of the Lid Truftees for executing the laid recited Ads and this Acl (fuch

Nomination

io 68

4-3® GEORGII III. Cap.

Nomination'and Approbation to be fign’fTd in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-betore directed, fo far as tr.e Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That when fuch Money JinwL	agreed	or	awarded	to	be paid as next before mentioned (hall be le'ss-

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or uled for the Purpofcs of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall think fir; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy,/then to h;s, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled respectively.

of not XIII. And be it further enaded. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to 'Ihlcsf&c^ whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed bv virtue of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, for the Purpofcs of the faid Road, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall r.ot be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees; or in cafe the Perfon or Perions to whom any loch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be lb awarded as aforefaid cannot be fpund, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to ft eh Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fiid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of ihe Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties imerefted in the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [d&firibing them'] fubjetft to the Order, Controul and Difpofmcn of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery on the Application of any Per (on or Per-fons makingclaim to fuch Sum and Sums of Money, or any Pait tlicreo1, b • Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in afummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwile as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invtfted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribu-tion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rcfpe&i vc Eft ate or Lftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes ; s to the faid Court (ha!) feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Caftners of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is srdare hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the f me is or are received, to fuch Per‘on or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enrdt d, That where any Queftton dial} arife touching the Title of any Perfon to anv Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity cf the Accountant General of 1

th«i

*■ rp-fjs Tides*

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 58.

[he Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the laid recited Acts or this Act, for the Ufe of the fa i d Road, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Elfate, Right orlntereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities 10 be purchafed with any fuch Money or to the Dividends cr Intercfl of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Pcrfon or Perfons who (halt have been in Pi flcflion of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pu chafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Pcrfon or Perfons, or under the Poflcffion of fuch Pcrfon or Perfons, (hall be denned and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenement or Hereditaments, according to luch Polfeflion, until the contrary fh .11 be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the Laid Court of Chancery J and the Dividends or Intend of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch M ncy, and alfo the Capital of fuch BankAnnuities, (hall be paid, applied, and d fpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Coon that luch Poffcflion was a wrongful one, and that Ibme other Perfon or Perfons was or we e lawfully entitled to (itch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fume Elfate or Intered therein.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the (aid Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of orhtr Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it lhall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expenccs of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this or the faid recited Afts, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceft'ary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the laid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, td caufe Foot-paths or Caufe. ways to be made on the Sides cf the faid Road, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if any Perlon or Perfons (hall ride upon any fuch Footpath or Caufe-way, or lhall drive any Horfe, Mule or Afs, Cattle, Bead, Pig or Swine, Cait or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Hand Cart thereon, or (hail wilfully caufe any Damage whatfoever thereto; or lhall lay any Timber, Hay, Scraw, Dung, Compod or Manure, Afhes, Rubbilh, or any Matter or Thing whatfoever upon the faid Road or any Part thereof; or (hall obdruft or impede the Palfage upon the faid Road or any Part thereof; or (hall turn out any Horfe, Cow or other Cattle, Mule, Afs or Swine upon the faid Road or any Part thereof, or into any Lane cr Highway leading into the fame (except where the faid Road or any Part thereof pafles over any Open Common or Wade Grounds); or without the Authority of the Trujfees (hall dig or break up the Soil or Ground of any Part of the faid Road, or ferape or carry off any Materials, Gravel, Mud or Dirt, which (hall be or lie upon the faid Road, every

[hoc. IS Per.'}	12 P	fuch

xo6a

Court of Chancery to dire& the Payment of Expences*

X^ower to make Footpaths, *c*

a 07 &

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 58.

fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied and applied in fuch Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the laid recited Ads, or either of them, direded to be recovered, levied and applied; or if any Perfon (hall haul or draw, or caufe to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Road any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwife than upon Wheel Carnages, or (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Pieces of Timber or Stone, which (hall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Perfon driving any Pigs or Swine upon the faid Road (hall fuffer the fame to root up and damage the fame Road or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings or Copfe on either Side thereof j or if any Perfon driving any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage upon the faid Road, and meeting another Coach, Chafe, Waggon, Cart or other Carriages, fhall noc keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the faid Road, or if any Perfon lhall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Perfon or Perfons from palling upon the faid Road, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his Care*, or if any Perfon fhall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage longer than may be nectflary for loading or unloading the lame, in, upon or on the Side of any Part of the faid Road, either with or without any Horfe or Bead of Draught harneffed or yoked thereto; or lhall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Scones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbilh or other Matter cr Thing whatfoever on any Part of the laid Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, lo as to be a Nuilance to Perfons travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every or any fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

For paying ^ XVII. And be it further enabled, That all the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, together with lawful Intereft from the Time of advancing the fame, lhall be paid out of any Money collected or received, or to be collected or received by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

Notice of	XVIII.	Provided	always,	and be it further enaded, That no Adion,

Actions. Suit, profecution, Appeal or other Proceeding lhall be commenced againlfc any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in jmrfuance of this or the faid recited Ads, until Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing (Hating the Grounds of fuch Adion, Suit, Profecution, Appeal or other Proceeding) fhall have been given by the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved to the Perfon or Perfons againft whom luch Adion, Suit, Prolecution, Appeal or other Proceeding fhall be commenced, and alfo to the Tiealurcr and Clerk to the laid Truftees for the Time being.

publick Act. xiX. And be it further enaded. That this Ad lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be,-judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Jultices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Corrmcncc- XX. And be *c further enaded, That the Term granted by the faid nc-it and recited Ads, lhall on the palling of this Ad ceafe and determine, and the Se a!?." <f weired Ads (fubjed to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions, 6	herein-

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

hercin-before contained) and this Aft, {hall from thenceforth commence, continue in torce, ana be executed for and during the Term of Twenty, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scflion ofParlia. ment.

LONDON: Printed by Georg* Eyre and Andrjw Strahanj Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

IO7I

•	■)	.	.	i i -

c	'	'•	Ml	i	■	*i ;•	{-	-	i

.	•	,	,	-'I-.,'

'

k ■	»	V

JJ







■

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

W*******^***M**M*M**********m***** **************

Caps 9-

An Aft for continuing aud amending an Aft, pafled in the Twenty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham.	[27th May 1 808.]

WHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Twenty-feventh Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Atl for amending, 17 G. 3, c. 7#» widening, and keeping in Repair the Read leading from the Town cf Nottingham to the Town of Mamfield, in the County of Nottingham, feveral Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given to Truftees for amending and repair-ing the faid Road during the Term therein limited: And whereas the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid Aft have made great brogrefs in repairing and improving the faid Road, and have for that Putpofe bor. rowed feveral conftderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, authorized to be taken on the faid Road, which Money ftill remains due, and the fame cannot be difeharged, nor can the faid Road be effedtuslly amended, widened, and kepr in Repair, urilefs the faid Aff be continued for a further Term, and the Tolls ir.creafed, and it is necefiary that fome of the Powers and Provifions of the faid Aft be altered and enlarged:

May it therefore phafe Your Majefty that it piay be enafteds and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, its [Lie. (d Pirl]	u &L.	this

1074

Former Act continued.

Additional

Tmftees

Names.

48*GE0RGII III. Cap.59.

this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Aft of the Twenty-ievemh Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provifions, Claufes, Matters, and Things therein contained and now fubfifting (except fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to, or otherwife provided by any of the Provifions contained in this Aft), fhall be and continue in full Force and Hfteft, and fhall be executed for and during the Term hercin-afer mentioned, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the lame were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft; and this Aft, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, (hall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the faid recited Aft, and of all fu h other Sums of Money as (hall hereafter be borrowed in purfuance of the faid Aft or this Aft, and of all Intereft now due and hereafter to grow due for the fame refpeftively.

H. And be it further enafted, That George Almond junior, Lewis AIL fopp, John Afhwed, John Allen, John Attenburrow, Jonas Bettifon, Jojcpb Bilbie, John Bates, yohn B/gsby, John Bell Grocer, John Bell Mercer, Gt orge Bunting, IVilliam Brewin, Robert Bigs by, Edward Bardjley, Thomas Brewitt, John Mufiers Chawortb, Henry C.oape, John Hall Clay Clerk, George Coldham, the Reverend Samuel Cat low, IVilliam Crijhop, IVilliam Chapmen, William Chrijlian, William Chamberlin, Jofcph Chamberlin, William Cults, William Haft, Nathaniel DeniJ'on, Thomas Dujty, Thomas Dufty the younger, John Dufty, Richard Dufty, William Deahry, William Dickons, William Dickons junior, James Da e, Thomas Webb Edge, Thomas Evifcn, Henry Enfield, Jofcph Flewiit, John Fellows the younger, Samuel Fox John Falkner, Alexander Foxcroft, James Green, Thomas Goffage, John Gill, Francis Gill, Robert Gi l, James Hooky, John Hciwkjley, Samuel Cuter Hooky, William Hewitt, John Harker, Nathan Tempejl Haines, Thomas Hey gale, James Hey gate, Alexander Hadden, John Hadden, Mark Hujh, Francis Hart the younger, Cornelius Huihwaite, Edward Hall R chard Hopper the younger, Henry Holdfworth, Thomas Holdjworth, Thomas Holt, William Huijh, Jofeph Howard, the Reverend Jofepb jackfon D ftor of Diviniry, William Jamfon, Gibfon Jalland, William Johnjon, Ri.hard domes, James No tbage Janies, Thomas Jackfon, Jonas Kewney, William Wifn Kent, John Long dm, Robert Leejon, Robert Lowe, Robert Lowe C rk, Wiliam Lang, Thomas Mallby, James Maltby, Wi liam Richard. Middleware, Charles Mellor, Thomas Moore, John Ball Maf.n, the Right Honourable Lord Newak, Matthew Needham,Nathaniel Need the younger, Thomas Neljon, George Need, William Nunn, William Fletcher Norton Norton. Thomas Oldknow junior, Oftavius Thomas Oldkr.ow, Henry Qldkncw Daniel Paulet, Henry Percy, Robert Wilkinfcn Padley, Alfed Paaley, the R ghi Honourable Lord Rancliffe, John.Robinfon, Lancelot Roltefhn, Martin Roe, Thomas JekjU Rawfon, John Renjhaw, John Rayner, William Rhodes John Storer Cleik, William Sherbrooke, jafo Smith, Thomas Carpenter Smith. William Streiton, William Simes, Charles Stanton, Charles Stantcn the younger, G or%e Stevenfon, Samuel Stevenfon, Samuel Sanders, Alexander Strabo , George Smith, the Right Honourable the Marquis of Titchfidd Petty Thoroton Clerk, Benjamin Thompfon, Robert Toplis, William Tupman\ the Right Honourable Sir John Borlafe Warren Baronet, Thomas Walker or Berry Hilt, John Wood, Thomas Walker, George Walk den, John Smith•

Wright,

48eGEORGII III.	Cap.stj.	1075

Wrighty William Williams, William Woodcock, James Wright, William Wright, and	Wells, (hall be and arc hereby added to and joined

with the Truftees appointed by or in purluanCe of the find Aft for putting the fame and this Aft into Execution; and the Truftees herein-before nominated and appointed and their Succtffo s being qualified according to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, together with the Truftees appointed by or in purfuance of the faid Aft, or a competent Number of them, or either cf them, (hall be and are hereby authorized an J empowered to aft in the Execution cf the faid recited Aft and this Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been nominated or appointed Truftees by the faid recited Aft.

III.	And, for rhe better and more particularly afcertaining the Com- Commence-mencement and Termination of the faid Road, be it further enafted and declared. That the laid Road (hall commence at rhe S.uth End of Boot of the Road* Lane tn rhe Town of Nottingham, and terminate at the Publick Houfe

known by the Sign cf the Cock in the Town of Mansfield.

IV.	And be i: further enafted. That the faid Truftees may fue and be Trtiflewmay fued tor or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuance of the the f id recited Aft or of this Aft, in the Name or Names of their Clerk Name ..f-heir o Cle*ks Trtafur r or Treasurers, for the Time being; and that no orT‘e*’ Aft o or Suic t » be brought or commenced by the Direction of or againft

thp f id Truftees, in the Name or Names ot their Clerk or Clerks T • afurcr or Trea'urtr , (hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal ol any fuch Clerk or Clerk , Treasurer or Trrafuiers, nor by t e A t of fuch Ch ik or Clerks, Treafurcr or Treffurers, without the C nfent of the faid Trainees, or any Eive or more of them •, bur ti at the. Clerk or Cl rks, Trialurer or Treafurers for the Time being to me faid T tfti.es, (hall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Pliintiffs, Defendant or De.rnuants, rs the Cafe may be in every fuch Aftian: Provid'd always. Who is to be thtt eveiy fuch Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Trcafurcrs, in whole Name	1hi*

or Names any Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced, profecuted, or defended in puifuance of this Aft, (hall be Lily reimbu fed and paid out of the Monty to arife by virtue hereof all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event, or in confequence of any fuch Aft.on or Proceeding, he or they (hall pay, bear, expend, or be put into or bec.ime chargeable with by Reafon of his or their being fo made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That any Mortgagee or Mortgagee* Afiignee of any Mortgage or ether Security, or any Lender of Money mayilct* upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the faid recited Aft or this Aft,

or receiving Intereft thereout for the fame, (hall not on that Account be deemed difqualified to aft as a Trultee.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That, from and immediately after the Former Toll* Second Monday next after the palling of this Aft, all the Tolls granted tt>CCitfe'

by the faid recited Aft fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that inftead and in lieu thereof there (hall be demanded and paid at ihe Toll Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted by virtue and in pur'.uance of the (aid Aft and of this Aft, or either of them, upon the whole Extent of the faid Road, the feveral Tolls and Sums of

Money

1076

48° GEORGII III. Cap.59.

Money herrir. f(tr mentioned in the Part*, Shares, Proportions, and Manner ihe fame lhall be directed by the fa'd Truftees, or any Five or more <f ihem, to be receiver and taken at each of the laid Toll Gates or To npikes befoie any Cattle or Caniage upon which any Toll is by this Act itnpofcd lhall be permitted to pais through the fame; (tnai is to

fey)*

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft drawing any Coach, Chariut, Landau, Berlin, Hearie. Ch ifc, Caiafh, Waggon, Wain, Can, »r other Carriages, of any Kind or Deferiptitn, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Hof/, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not d awing, the Sum of Two-pence :

For every Drove of Oxen, C« ws, or orher neat Cattle, the Sum of One- Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and fo on in Proportion for any lefs Number :

And lor e> try Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Number:

Which laid feveral Tol's and Duties hereby granted and made payable fhall be divided and allotted imo fo many Parts and Shares, and into fuch Propotri ns as the laid Truftces, or any Five or more of them, fhall from Time to Time order and appoint; and luch Parts, Shares, and Pro. portions thereof, lhall be taken and received at luch and fo many of the laid Turnpikes or 1 oil Bars as by the laid Truftees, or ary Five or cri' re of them, fh .ll from Time to Time be ordered and appointed for that Puipufe, and in no ocher Manner: Provided, that not mo<e than One Hall of the Lid relpe&ive 7'olls and Duties hereby enabled to be paid upon the whole Extent of the faid Road lhali be demanded or taken at any One of the Lid Turnpikes or Toll Bars, or for p.fling or travclli >g upon a lefs Diftance than Six Miles of the faid Road.

DouM? Toll* VII. And be it further enabled, That it lhall and may be lawful to and ©aSanuays. for thc refpetfive Toil Gatherers or Collectors on the faid Road, and they a-e hereby authorized and required on each and every Sunday (to be corn-put d fiom Twelve of the Clock on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sundy Night), to demand and take for every Hotfe, Mare, G Iding, Mule, Afs, or other Beaft drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cow', Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs Hogs, or Swmr, which lhall pa's thiOugh any of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes, double the Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before mentioned or made payable at fuch Tull Gates or Turnpikes refpcctively.

TorrpkM VIII. Prove d always, and be it further enafted ard declared, That no within One Tump ke lhall be erected by virtue of this Ad within the Diftance of Haf otdN©t- One Mite and an Half from the refpective Market Places within the faid tineham or Towns of Nottingham and Mansfield.

Man field.

Tolls \efled in IX- And be ic further enaftcd’ That the feveral Tolls herein-before the Truitses. granted <>r made payable fhall be and are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Truitees, and the fame lhall be paid, received, and taken, levied, aligned, transferred, leafed, and compounded for ip fuch Manner, and lhall be applied and difpofed of for fuch Ufes, Intents, andPurpofes, as 9	by

1077

48’ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 59.

by the Ta d Aft arc; direfted and appointed with refpeft to the Tolls thereby granted, except as by this Act is otherwife directed.

X.	And be it further enacted. That noPrrfon who fhall have paid Toll Perronshav. for the pafling of any Horfe or other Bealt, Cattle or Carriage, through ^^olf but any Toil Gate cr Turnpike, (hall, on his repairing or again palling the suing «.icu fame Gate or Turnpike on the fame Day with any different Horfe or other

Bealt or Cattle, be exempt from the Payment of Toll by realon of his Day lh til pay having before paid Toil as aforefnid.	*V‘jjher ,ul1

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or Truftees may more of them, lh .ll and mav, if they think proper, erect or caufe to be an^wf^"6* erected, at or near any Toll Gate or Turnpike, to be conrinued or erected Waggons, by virtue of this Act, or at fuch other convenient Place or Places, ar, &c' upon, or near the faid Road as the faid Truftees, or any F.ve or more at

them, fliall think fir, any Crane, Machine, or Engine lor weighing Caits,

W ggons, or other Carriages which fhall pafs or rep.sfs on the laid Road, or any Part thereof, and they, or any Five or more of them, fhall and may, by Wriiing under the:r Hands, order and direct all and every or any of fuch Cares, Waggon', or other Carriages which (hall pafs or repafs on the faid Road or any Parc thereof, together with or without the Loading thereof, to he weighed; and ;f any Ptrfon or Peifons (hall unload or caufe to be unloaded any Goods or Merchand zes before he, fhe, or they fhall come to any To'l Gate, Turnpike, Machine, or Engine, erefted by virtue of the Did Aft or of this Aft, or with Force or otherwife attempt to pi event, hinder, or obftruft the Weighing of any fuch C rf, Waggon, or Carriage, evrry Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XII.	And be ir further enafted, That if any Difpute fhal! happen concerning any Tolls due, cr the Charges occafiontd by any D It.el's to be taken by virtue of the faid Aft or of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the iVrfon or Perfons fo dill raining to retain fuch D.ftrcfs, or the Money aiifmg from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls and Charges of fuch Diftrefs (hall be afee tained by fome Juffce of the Peace for the County of NGttin’hflm, who, upon Application made to him fer that Pur-pofe, fhall examine upon the Oath of the Parties, or of a Witnefs or Wit-r.eflVs, and fh.di dercrmi' e the Tolls due, and tfiefs the Charges of fuch Diftrefs, and of the Collcftor’s Attendance upon fuch Juftice for that PurpoF, all which Sums fo determined and affeffed {hall be paid to the faid Co 11 r ft r before he or fhe fhall be obliged to return the Cattle and Goods fo diftraincd, or the Overplus, or any Part thereof refpeftively.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Collectors Litigation {ball aiife, touching or in any wife relating to the faid Tolls, the de^*re^53m Pei fon or Perfons appointed to colJeft the fame, or any other Perfon or ndie"C l" Perfons afting under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence therein by reafon of his or their being appointed to colleft the faid Tolls.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid p0wer{o Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order to be made Caufeways make Caufe. or Footnath'- on the Sides of the faid Road or any Part thereof, and if any *3) *‘

[ice. Eff Per.]	12 R	Perfon

For fettling Deputes

1078

48°GEORGIX III. Cap.59.

Perfon or Perfons (hall ride upon any Caufeway or Footpath already made, or to be made on the Sides of the faid Road, or any Part thereof, or (hall drive any Horfe, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Bead, Pig, or Swine, Cart, or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Hand Cart thereon, or fhall lay any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, Compoft, Afhes, Rubbifh, or any other Matter or Thing whatfotver upon the laid Footpaths or Cauleways, or any Part thereof, or (hall obftrudl or impede the Paflage upon the fame, or fhall wilfully caufe any Damage whatsoever to be done thereto, or to the Polls ereded or to be erected thereon, every fuch Perlon offending in any of the Matters or Thing? aforefaid Hi j 11 for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Trufues may XV. And be it further enaded, That as often as any Colledor of the poraryfi*' Tolls fhall die, abfent himfelf, or be incapable of performing his Duty, lector.	it	fhall be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Truftees, although

not a fie mb ed at a Meeting purfuant to this Ad, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any other Perfon to colled the Tolls, who fhall continue in fuch Office until the Truftees fhall, at a Meeting held in purlu-ance of this Ad, appoint a Colltdor of fuch Tolls j and if any fuch Colledor, who fhall be difeharged from his Office by the Truftees, fhall refufe to deliver up the PofTeffion of the Toll Houfe and Tenements of or belonging to the faid Truftees within Three Days after Notice of his Dif-charge fhall be given to him, or left at his Houfe, or if the Wife or Family cf any fuch Colledor who fhall die, abfent himfelf, or become miapdfre as aforefaid, fhall refufe to deliver up the PofTeffion of fuch Toil Houfe and Tenements within Four Days after fuch new Appointment as aforc-iaid, then and in either of the faid Cafes it fhall be lawful for any J-jftic6 cf the Peace for the faid County of Nottingham, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Conflable, or other Officer, with fuch Affifiance as final! be necefiary, to enter fuch Toil Houfe and Tenements in the Day Time, and to remove the Perfons who (hali be found the-ein, together with the Goods out of fuch Houfe, and to put the new appointed Officer in the PofTeffion thereof.

XVI. And be it further enaded,That aft Exemptions from Toll granted by the faid recited Ad fhall ceafe and be void, and in lieu thereof the feveral Exemptions from Toll herein- fttr mentioned fhall.be allowed and in force; (that is to fav), that no Toll fhall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying cr conveying, or going empty or unladen, to carry or convey, or returning empty cr unladen from carrying or conveying, any Stones, Bricks, T.mber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the Did Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfhips or Pariffies in which any Pjtc of the faid Road doth lie, or any Hay, or any Corn in the Straw, only nor fold or difpofed of but paffing to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof-, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty or unladen to carry or convey, or returning empty or unladen from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements ot Hufbandry; or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, Lime, or other Manure employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any H rics or Cattle going to or returning from Paflure or Watering Places, or going

Geneial Ex-

1079

+8° GEORG 11 III. Cap.S9-

to be or returning from being (hod or farried; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious VVorflnip, toltrated by Law, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that fhall die and be buried in any of the fa d Parilhcs; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vdicing any fick Perfon in the Dilcharge of his parochial or mii.ifterial Du y ; or for anv Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Ddcnption, conveying the ?dails of Letters and Expreffcs under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmalh-r General, either when employed in conveying, feich-ing, 'or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from con-ve irig the fame; or tor any H.nfes, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Marc*, or Gelding fumifhed bv or for any Perlons belonging to any Corps of Yco-mar ry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of thtir refpe&ive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the ReguIa,;ons provided ter luch Corf s refpe&ively at the Time of claiming luch Exemptions as aforefaicl; or for Horfes, Carts or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Paflt-s; or for any Horfe, Cattle,

Beaft, or Carriage conveying any Elector or Eic&ors to or from any Ele ion of a Knight or Knights of the Slhire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Nottingham, or of a Burgefs or Burgeffes to ferve in Parliament tor the Town of Nottingham, on the D.iy or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or the Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatfoever claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this A t granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiery whereof (hall go to the Informer and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad,

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants Inhabitants of of the Parifh of Arnold fhall not be fubjed to or charged with the Pay- Artn°^ fut^* ment of more than One Half Part of the faid Tolls, for or in refped of Hair Toil in any Horles or other Be-ifts or Cattle palling or repaying upon the faid zoh,?*° Road between any Part of the faid Parifh and the Town of Nottingham; Notim® *"*• and upon Payment of fuch Half Toll the Collectors thereof fhall give

gratis to fuch Perfons, upon Demand, Notes or Tickets denoting fuch Payment: Provided alfo, that the Inhabitants of the Parifhes or Town- inhabitant# (hips of Papplewick and Newftead, or either of them, fhall not be luojcd to or charged with the Payment of more than One Half Part of the laid Tubjecr ro only Tolls fur or in refped of any Horfes, or other Beafts or Cattle palling or Half Toil rej ailing upon the faid Road between any Part of the faid Parilhes or MamfieSd* Tovvnlhips and the Town of Mansfield; and upon Payment of fuch Half Toll the Colle&ors thereof fhall gw c gratis to foch Perlons, upon Demand,

Notes or T-ckets denoting fuch Payment.

*

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That fo much of the faid recited A£t statute Work, as retakes to the Performance of Statute Labour on the faid Road fhall be

?nd the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Perfons who by Law are or . „	(hall

io8o

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 19.

(hall be liable,to do Statute .Work, or are or fliall be chargeable towards repairing and amending,the Lid Road or any Part thereof, fliall dill rent-in fable,thereto.; and it fh.di be lawful left any Two or more Juftices of the Peace fpr the faid County of Nottingham, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made}* to them by tire faid Trustees, tr any Five or more of then), or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hall every Year be done- upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Parities or Places in which the faid Road doth lie, and alio what Proportion, of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place in lieuoForas a Compofition for fuch.'Statute Work as aforeLid fliall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or their Treasurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunro it (hali be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Suivcyor or Surveyors of the . Highways of every fuch Paiifh or Piace to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreftl-d in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons),-of the Karnes of the fc-veral Perfons who within fuch Parifti or Place a e by Law fubjeft and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Stature Woik, diftinguiftaing the Nature of the Work to be done, whe-ther with Teams or Draughts, or other-wife, and alfo the Amount of the refpeftive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fliall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Rcftriftions -as are or may be direfted by any Law or Statute in Force and Effeft for the Repairs of publick Highways ; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch anyl lb many of the Perfon^who fliall appear fubjeft and liable to Statute Woik as af'urefaid, to do.fudh Number of Days Sratute Work in eveiy Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fliall think reaforiable, and the fame fliall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (.not being Hay-time or PIarveft), 2nd on fuch Parts

cf the faid Road as the Lid TruOees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors lhall from Tigieto Time order, direft, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fliall'and may allborder and direft the Per-fons, who by fuch Lifts fliall appear to be fubjr.fl: and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu or or as a Ccmpofition for Statute Work as • aftrefaid, to pay fuch Proportion theiet-f as the faid Juftices fliall think proper, to the Lid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the laid Juftices (hall direft; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpeftive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penal y impofed by the faid recited Aft is authorized to be recovered ; and each and every Pcrfon who fliai! neglect or refule to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Plates of Abode for that Purpofe, by any purveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hori'c or Horfes^-Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch ferfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Perlon who (hull come to wo k as a Labourer, or (hall- b- font with, any* Team or Draught to

wo.k

io8i

4S0 GEORG If III. Cty.59.

work on the faid Road, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the (aid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who (hall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid as if he had neglefted or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Parc of the faid Hoad, all which Forfeitures (h<dl be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Place* (hall refufe or wilfully negleft to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly and wilfully give in falfc or imperfect Lifts* every fuch Surveyor fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Aathnrizinsr Truftees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to com- andothel^to pound and agree by the Year, or otherwife, with the Surveyors of the compound Highways of any of the Parilhes, Townlhips, and D.drifts through ami o\her° which any Part of the faid Road pafTes, or with the Owners or Occupiers wotk.

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or other Perfons, Bodies Poli.ick or Corporate, liable or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any P,.rt or Parts of the faid Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains,

Sewers, or Watercourfes lying in or upon the fame, or the Performance < f Statuie Work thereon, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of fuch Repairs and Statute Work refpeftively, or either of them, or otherwife relating thereto $ and it (hall alfo be lawful for the refpeftive Surveyors of the Highways of any of the faid Parilhes, Town-(h p*, and Diftrids through which any Part of the faid Road paftes, to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwife, with the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Monry in lieu ot fuch Repairs and Statute Work refpeftively, or either of them, to be performed by the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament*, or the Inhabitants of fuch Parilhes, Townlhips, and Diftrifts, upon any Part or Parts of the laid Road, and all Contrafts for any of the Purpofes ato'efaid, fhall be binding upon the faid Truftees and Surveyors, and all other Parties thereto, their feveral Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns; and Aftions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damag- s and Cofts recovered againft the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That the refpeftive Surveyors of the How Survey-Highways who fhall pay any luch Conipofition Money, or of whom the re^iburicd fame lhall be recovered as aforefaid, (hall be repaid or reimburfed the fuch compo-Cotnpofiti n Money paid by or recovered of them refpeftively, with the fiuoa Money. Cofts and Charges attending fuch Recovery, by the feveral Ways and

Means and in fuch Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimburfed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials tor repairing the Highways.

XXI.	And be ^.further enafted, That if any Money (hall be paid or Application agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, Ccmpen-or Hereditaments, purchaled, taken, or uf?d by virtue of the faid recited amounting Aft anJ this Aft, or either of them for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall to zooi.

[Lee. tst Per.']	12 S	belong

io8i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any FcofFee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufbjnd, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee, for or in Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, cr other Certuique Truft, or to any Perfon whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are l inked in ftri£t or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoeve'r, fuch Money fhall in cafe the fame Ihall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited A£t and this A<R, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preftrred in a fummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Dcbis, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or H reditaments, Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the likeUles, Intents, cr Purpofes, or where lucn Money fliall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and inverted under the lik6 Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch or the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them .as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Efftd; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the laid Monies fhall, by Order of the laid Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities •, and in the mean Time, and until the laid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the 1 ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited A(5t and this Ad, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application of Compen-fation, if lef* than aool. and exceeding 201.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enafled. That if any Money fo agreed or awarded 10 be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fliall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred-, Pounds, and Ihall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under

their

1083

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

their refyeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforefuid, in order to be applied in Manner therein-before directed, or otherwise the fune (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perlons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Truftees for executing the faid Aft and this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignifLd in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Cale may be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Appointment of the Court of Chancery.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That where fuchMoney Application fo agteed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be Ids ?/tion than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be ap- than aol. plied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Pn.fits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofcs of this Aft, in fuch M inner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Muney fhali be paid to his, her, oi their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons In cafe of not

to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe ^ng or if of any Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments to be purchaled by virtue Perfonccannot of the fud Aft and this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not cJ.f?eUMd,^ur" be able to m .ke a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaftion or the faid to i>e paid*** Ti uftees, or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to	the	*

whom any fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid orders of the cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Court oF Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in Motion or °n every fuch Cafe it finalJ be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or Petition, more < f them, to oidcr the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforetaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the

Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery* to be placed to his Account ro the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments | describing them\t fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofition of the (aid Court, which Lid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, bv Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or other-wife, as to the lame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perf ms making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall ieem jult and realonable ; and the Caftiier or Caihiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the lame is or are 6	received,

1084

Perfons in Poffeffijn (hall b? deemed well entitle unlefs the contrary be Jhewn.

The Court

ct Chancery

real’ nable

Purcliafes to be pa d by the Truitees.

Penalty on a(T.iultii<g Perfon3, &c.

Truftee* may

contract for repairing the Road.

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perlon to any Money to be raid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Ad for the PurchaDof any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intrreft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur-chafed in purfuarce of the faid Ad and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Pei fun or Perfons who fhall have been in Pof-ftflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffcfiion of fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to fuch Poffelliun, until the contrary fhall be fhewn to the Satis-fadion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlcfs it fhall be made appear to the faid Court that Inch PofTeflion was a wrongful Pofieflion, and that fome orher Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That where by Reafon of any Difabilicy or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed, under the Authority of the Lid Ad and this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and 10 be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenemenrs, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ules in purfuance of the faid Ad and this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Ad and this Ad, or fo much of the faid Expences as the faid Court lhall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Truflees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Ad and this Ad, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall dired.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall afT-ulf, interrupt, hinder, or difturb, or caufe, promote, or encourage the aflaulting, interrupting, hindering, or diflurbing the Colledors of the Tolls, or any or either of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Perfon or Perfons employed by him or the faid Truflees in the Execution of the faid Ad and this Ad, every fuch Perlon or Perfons fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truitees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to contrad and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the repairing, widening, altering, turning, amtncling, or improving the faid Road, or any Parr or Parts thereof, in fuch Manner

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.	*085

and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall think proper ; and all Contracts and Agreements in Witting entered into purfuant to an Order made at any Meeting of the faid Truftees (hall be binding upon all Parties who (hall fign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Admimftrators; and that Action* and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered againft the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of fuch Comrafts or Agreements.

XXIX.	And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againft this Aft may Tranfient of-be transient Perfons, unknown to the Colicftors, Surveyors, or other bTapprcl^ Officers or Perfons employed under the faid Aft and this Aft, be it headed, therefore further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Colleftors,

Surveyors, or other Offi ers, or other Perfons refpeftively, to ftiae and

detain fuch unknown Pcrfon or Perfons fo guilty as af -refaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Juftice or Juftires of the Peace f r the County or PLce where anv Offence againft this Aft (hall be committed, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Aft for fo doing •, and fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace relpeclively die hereby empow-red and direfted to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acqnttal of fuch Offender or Offenders, and on fuch Co.i'iftion, or f >r Want of lufficient Security, to commit the Pcrfon orPe fans fo offend ng to the Common Gaol for the County or PLce where the Offence (hall be committed, there to remain until he, (he, or they lh 11 pay therrfp*ftive Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fuch reipcet.ve Offence or Offences, or (hall give Security in Manner aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftee*, or any Five Tmftees may Or more of them, a* any Meeting or Meetings to be ho'rien for that ^orr<jV> Purpofe, where-f Fourteen Days Notice in Writing (hall be given by n

the Clerk or Cleiks, Trealurer or Treafurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Tull G-ires then erefted and fee up upon the faid Road, and inlcrted in fume publick Newfpaper circulating in the Neighborhood of the faid Road, may and are hereby empowered from i ime to Time, by any Writing or Inftrument under their Hands and Scab, to afl'gn over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collefted and arifing by virtue of this Aft (the Charges of affigning or mortgaging the fame to be paid out of fuch Tolls) for any Term during the Con inuance of this Aft, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the laid Truftees upon the Credit of fuch Tolls, to fuch Pcrlon or Pcrlons, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrarors, or Affigns, or his, her, or their Truftee or Truftees, who (hall advance or lend the fame, to lecure the Repayment thereof with fuch legal Intereft as the faid Ttuftees (hall think proper; which faid Money fo to be borrowed (hail be applied and difpoted of as in this Aft mentioned, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever; a.id that fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, Aflignment or Alignments, may be in the following Form, or fuch other Form as the faid Truftees, making the fame, (hall think proper; (that is to fay),

*	r>Y virtue and in purfuance of an Aft, palled in the Forty-eighth Form of

« Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled, Mortgage.

*	[herefet forth the Title of this Ati\ in Consideration of the Sum

*	to	A.	the Treafurer, appointed by the Truftees

*	for putting the faid Aft and the Aft therein mentioned in Execution,

[£«. iV.]	i	a 7—if	‘having

4.8’GEORGIl III. Cap.59.

4 having been this Day paid by C. D, of

4 whole Names are hereunto fubferibed and Seals affixed* being 4 of the faid Trultecs, do grant and affign unro the fa id C. D. h!s Exe-

*	cutors, Admimftrators, and Affigns, fuch Proport.on of the Tolls

4 arifing upon the Road, as the faid Sum of	doth or

4 fhall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit of ihe lame 4 Tolls, or charged thereupon for the Term of the faid A£fc, to have, 4 hold, receive, and take fuch Proportion of the faid Toils unto the laid 4 C. D. his Executors, Adminiftracors, and Affigns, for the Rtfniue and 4 Remainder now to come of the Term of	f	r which

4 the faid Tolls are granted by the faid A&, fubjrd to the Provifo follow* 4 ing j (that is to fay), provided always that if the faid Sum of

4	(hall	be	repaid	to the faid C.7). his Executors, Ad mi-

4 niftrators, or Affigns, together with Intereft for the lame, after the 4 Rate of	per	Centum	per Annum* without any Deduc-

4 tion whatfoever, on or before the	Day	of

4 ro-v and next enluing, then this Alignment lhali be void, or elfe fhall 4 remain in full Force. In Witnefs whereof we have hereunto fet our

*	Hands and Seals this	Day	of	One	thoufand

4 eight honored and

Copies of all which Mortgages or Alignments (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Clerk', Trrafurer or Treafurers, to the faid Truftees; and all and every Per fan 01 Pcrlons to whom any fuch Mortgage or Alignment lhali be made as aforelaid, or who (hall be entitled to the fame, or the M ney thereby letmed, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under hi$, her, or tffi ir Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be inuo f d upon the Back of his, her, or rheir Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witne s, to affign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the P ii cipal and Intereft Money thereby fccuied, to any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever in the fodowing Words, or Words to the like Effeft i (that is to fay),

4 T do hereby affign and transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, ‘	&V.	as the Cafe may be^ with all my R.ght and Title to the Principal

*	Money thereby fecured, and all Intereft now due on the fame, unto

«	Executors,	Adm	niftrators,	and	Affigns. In Wic-

4 nefs whereof, I have hereunto ftt my Hand and Seal, the

4 Day of	in	the	Year ol our Lord One thoufand eight hundred

*	and

All which Alignments and Transfers fhall be produced and notified to the Clerk or C erk§, Treafurer or Treafurers to the Lid TnfEes within Sixty Days nixt after the Date thereof, who fhall caufe an Entry to be made of fuch Alignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Muncy therein mentioned, to be aligned or transferred in the faid Book or Books, to be kept for entering the faid original Mortgages and Alignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, lhali be paid the Sum of Five Shilling*, and no more; and which laid Book or Books lhali and may at all reafon* able Times be perufed and infpe&ed without Fee or Reward •, and afeer fuch Entry made, and not otherwife, fuch Alignment or Transfer lhali entitle fuch Affignee or Affignces, his, her, and their Executors, Admi-

niftiators.

48° GEORGII III. Cap,	x087

niftrators, and Aftigns, to fuch M rtgage or Alignment, and the Monies thereby fecured and fo affigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and fuch Affignee or Affignees, and his, her, or their Executors or' Aditiimftrators (hall and may, in like Manner, aftjgn or transfer the Lme again, and fo toties quoties; and it lhall not Oe in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons who lhall have made any fuch Affign-ment or Transfer to make void, releale, or dilcharge the fame, or any Monies due thereon.	„	.

XXXI.	And be it further ennded, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall Againft hal-hale or draw, or caufe to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the Paid Road, ^ T?mber any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stones (Millftones excepted), other- oi her wife wife than upon Wheel Carriages, or lhall fuffer any Part of any Tree or \Jj.™eeljp£ar_ Piece of Timber which lhall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to riagta. drag upon any Part of the faid Road, or lhall draw any Plough upon or

acrofs the faid Road, or any Part thereof, whereby the faid Road (ball or may be prejudiced, every Perfon fo offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paffing ^pP1Ic?S,,on . of this Ad, the faid Truflees lhall and they are hereby required to hold °‘ tie

a General Meeting at Redhill, in the Parifh of Arnold in the County of Nottingham, cn the Firft Monday in July m every Year during the Continuance of this Ad, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice lhall be given in the Nottingham or fotne o'her Newlpaper publilbing or generally circulated in the County of Nottingham, for the Purpofe of appointing newTruftees, auditing ihe A cour, s of the Surveyors, Trea-furers, and other Officers, and confolidating iht fame ii to One Account, and the Net Receipts into One Fundj and that the laid Tiuftees, or any Five or more of them, lhall, ac fuch annual Meeting, order and diud the Interefl of the whole Principal Monies now borrowed and due, or hereafter to be borrowed, upon the Credic of the faid Tolls, to be paid to all the refpedive Creditors equally, and without Preference in the firft Place, and before any other Payment fhall be made whatfoever (except the Cofls and Charges of j afling this A:i)j and after Payment thereof, and of the Offi ers Salaries, lhall order and dind in whac Proportions the Monies remaining in rhe Hands of the Tretfurer or Treafurers fhall be applied in the Repairs of the laid Road; an i that the faid Truftees, at fuch annual General Meetirgs, hall or may make fuch Orders and Refoluiions for carrying the laid reci.ed Act and this Act into Execution as to them fhall feem mat, not poftponmg the Payment of the annual Interefl by ordering the Money to be cxt ended in any other Manner.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Ad ion or Suit fhall Limitation of be brought or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons for »ny Thing Actions* done in purfuance of the Lid Aft or this Adi, or either of them, the fame fhall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Caufe of Adlion or Suit (ball aiifc, and not elfewhcre; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit fhall and may plead the General IfTue, and give the faid recited Ad and this Ad, and the fpecial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon,, and 9	that

io88

48®GEORGII III. Cap.59.

that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of the faid Aft and of this Aft, or either of them; and if the fame lhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Action or Suit (hah oe brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or lhali be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdift tor ihe Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plat tiff or Plaintiffs lhall be nonfuited, or fufter any Diic»;nnnuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants lhall hav. appealed, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againft the faid PI intiff or Plaintiffs, rhe Defendant or Defendants fhall have Double Cofts of Suit, and fhall have fuch Remedy for the lame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

Ex'fuci"So?C	XXXIV. Ard be it further enafted, That all the Charges and Expences

this Act, of or incident to the obtaining and palling of this Aft lhall be paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money already raifrd by vi-tue of the faid Aft, or out of the firft Monry to arife by virtue of this Aft, in Preference to all other Payments whaTo-ver.

ActPablick. XXXV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Norice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being Ipecially pleaded.

XXXVI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft fh^Il commerce on the Day the fame lhall receive the Royal Aflent, and lhall continue in force from thenceforth for the Term of Twemy-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

Comm e nee-

Coii.ini'ai ce of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaW. Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty. j8o8.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. IlEGIS.

********************************** ****************** **

Cap• 6o.

An Aft for amending an Aft palled in the laft .Sefllon of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Crofs, to Milfield Burn, and from Wooler to Bowfdcn Burn, in the County of Northumberland.	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was palTed in the laft Seffion of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for making and maintaining Roads from Percy’s 47 G-3' Crofs to Miifteld Burn, and from Wooler to Bowfdon Burn, in the County /Northumberland : And whereas the Truftees appointed by the faid Aft have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, but lome of the Powers and Provifions of the faid Adt have been found inefficient for the Purpofes thereby intended, and the faid Roads cannot be effectually repaired unlefs fome of the Provifions and Regulations of the faid Aft are repealed, and further Powers granted to the faid Truftees for carrying the Purpofes of the faid Act into Execution : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affernbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Adt, the feveral Tolls impofed and diredted repealed, to be taken by the faid recited Adt fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft the Claufe in the faid recited Aft which enafts 1 that no Perfon or ‘ Perfons lhall be chargeable with or liable to pay any of the Tolls thereby * impofed for any I lorfes, Cattle, or Carriages whatfoever, or for any l^Loc. & Per.]	12	X	Oxen,



1094

Exemptions tr.mi Toil on Li'Me re-pealed.

New Tolls.

” 48” GE ORGII in. Cap. 60.

4 Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs c refpeftiveiy, both at the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be thereafter erefted

*	on that Part of the faid Roads lying on or to the South of Wooler Bridge, and the Toll Gate or Turnpike to be thereafter erefted on that Part of

*	the faid Road lying on or to the North of Wooler Bridge, on the fame

* Day, but only at fuch One of them as Ihould be firft palled , and that 4 all and every Perfon and Perfons who lhall have paid Toll at either of 4 the faid Gates or Turnpikes, and who (hall produce a Ticket or Tickets

*	denoting the Payment thereof, (hall be allowed to pafs and repafs with 4 the lame Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages To 1-free, during fuch 4 Day, through the other of the faid Gates or Turnpikes; and that every 4 Colleftor of the Tolls, on the Receipt of the Toll, lhall on Demand 4 thereof made by any Perfon or Perfons paying fuch Toll, deliver a Note 4 or Ticket gratis denoting fuch Payment/ lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it alfo enafted, That fo much of the Claufe in the faid recited Aft as exempts from Toll any Carriage laden with Lime, or other Manure to be ufed for the Improvement of Lands, lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the following Tolls lhall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes already erefted or hereafter to be erefted by virtue of the faid reared Aft, by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Trudees lhall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, before any Horfe, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage upon which any Toll is hereby impofed lhall be permitted to. pafs through tire fame ; that is to fay.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Curricle, Calalh, Hearfe, or fuch like Carriage, drawn by Six Horfes, Mares, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and dra^n by Four Horfes, Mares, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Coach, Chaife, or Chair, dr.^wn by One Horfe, Mare, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for a greater or lefs Number :

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny per Score, and fo in Proportion for a greater or lefs Number:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Eight Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings, and drawn by Seven Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence, and drawn by Six Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Five Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Threee-pence, and drawn by 9	Four

1095

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Four Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheeled Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, and rolling a flat Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Five Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence, and drawn by Four Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling, and drawn by Three Horles, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence, and drawn by Two Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence, and drawn by One Horfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the S le or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Eight Horfes, Oxen, or e ther Beads of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings, and drawn by Seven Horfes, Oxen, or i ther Eeads of Draught, the Sum of 1 wo Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny, and drawn by Six Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence, and drawn by Five Horfes the Sum of One Shilling and Ten-pence Halfpenny, and drawn by Four Horfes the Sum ot One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Three Horfes the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Two-wheeled Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling a flat or level Surface of that Breadth, and drawn by Five Horfes the Sum of One Shilling and Ten-pence Halfpenny,	and drawn by	Four Horfes	the Sum of One Shilling and	Sixpence,	and drawn by Three Horfes	the Sum of One Shilling and	One

Penny, Halfpenny and drawn by Two Horfes the Sum of Nine-pence, and drawn by One Horfe the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny :

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof rolling a flat or level Surface of a lefs Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Eight Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings, and drawn by Seven Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and drawn by Six Horfes, Oxen,	or other Beafts	of Draught,	the Sum of Three Shillings,	and

drawn	by Five Horfes	the Sum of	Two Shillings and Sixpence,	and

drawn by Four Horfes the Sum of Two Shillings, and drawn by Three Horfes the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and drawn by Two Horfes the Sum of One Shilling :

For every Two-wheeled Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof rolling a flat or level Surface of a lefs Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Eight Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings, and drawn by Seven Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and drawn by Six Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings, and drawn by Five Horfes the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and drawn by Four Horfes the Sum of Two Shillings, and drawn by Three Horfes the Sum of One Shilling and One Pe;nny Halfpenny, and drawn by Two Horfes, Oxen, or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence, and drawn by One Horfe, Ox, or other Beaft of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny.

Which

1096

Toll on Lime and Manure.

Toll* not to

be applitd in repairing of County Bridges.

Power.; of former Ail not altered by this Aft

Publitk Aft.

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 60.

Which faid Tolls hereby granted (hall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the Truftees appointed by the faid recited Ad, and the fame and every Par: thereof fhall be colleded, levied, recovered, paid, applied, and difpofed of in fuch and the fame Manner and by fuch and the fame Ways and Means as are authorized by the faid recited Aft refpeding the Tolls thereby aireded to be taken and herein-betore repealed,,

V.	And be it further enacted. That there fhall be demanded, received, and taken, at each and every of the Toll Gates or l urnpikes already ereded or hereafter to be ereded upon the faid Roads for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden with or going empty for or returning empty after having been laden with or carrying Lime or other Manure (except Dung) to be laid upon Grounds or ufed for the Improvement of Land, fuch and the fame Tolls as are herein-before impofed upon or authorized to be demanded and taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages laden with or carrying any other Thing whatfoever, and drawn by the fame Number of Horfes, Oxen, or other Beads of Draught.

VI.	And whereas by the faid recited Aft it is declared that the Tolls to be thereby colleded and the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof fhall be applied by the faid Truftees or any Five cr more of them (among other Things) in building and repairing any Bridge or Bridges on the faid Roads, except H'ooler Bridge, being a County Bridge : And whereas there are Two other County Bridges on the faid Roads, called Akeld Bridge and Doddingien Bridge which ought alfo to have been excepted : be it therefore enabled, 1 hat neither the Tolls to be colleded by virtue of this AG nor the Monies which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof or any Part thereof refpedively, fhall be applied or expended in building and repairing any of the faid Thne Bridges, called Wooltr Bridge, Akeld Bridge, and Doddington Bridge, but that the faid Tolls and Monies fhall be applied in executing the other Purpofes mentioned in the faid recited Act, and in defraying all the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things in the faid recited Ad contained (except fo much and fuch Part or Parts thereof as are by this Ad: varied, altered, amended, or repealed) fhall be and continue in force as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes^ as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad:.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhall be. judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That this Act fhall commence and fake Effect on the palling thereof; and fhall be in force during the Term and Continuance of the laid recited Ad.

LONDON: Printed by. George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 6\.

An A<ft to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two A efts for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells, in theCountyof Kent, to Ringks Crofs, near Uckf.eld, in the County of Sujfex. [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for repairing the Road 6 0.3. c. 85, from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County oj Kent, to Ringles Crofs, mar Uckfield, in the County of So flex : And whereas another Ad was pafled in the Fourteenth Year of His prefnt Maj fly, intituled, An Aft to continue, amend, and render more ejfeftual an Aft made 14 g. j c, 9?. in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty. for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, 10 R ingles Crof, near Uckfield, in the County c/'Suflex : And whereas great P ogrtfs hath been made in the Execution of the faid Ads, ai.d ftveral Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit thereof, and expended in the Repairs of the faid Road ; and which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the laid Road be completely kept in Repair, unlefs the Terms ard Powers of the laid Ads are further continued and enlarged : May it therefor pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament atTem- Recited Acts bled, and by the Authority of the lame, That - he faid recited Ads, and	for

all the Powers, Provifionc, Matters and Things therein contained (except Term, fuch as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except fuch as are [Lcc. ti Per.~]	12	T	hereby



16g8

Additional

Truitees

Collector of Tolls to be a

Witnefs.

Exemptions from Toll*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 6i.

hereby varied, altered, or repealed), fhall continue, and be in full forces and be "executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effedtually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein again repeated, and pirticulary rc-enadted j but fubjedt nevefthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effedt upon thepafliing ot this Act*, and this Adt and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall he, and are hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing, or hereafter to grow due upon the Credits of the faid recited Adts, or this Adt, and the Intereft due, or to grow due thereon.

II.	And be it further enadted, That the Right Honourable Charles

Abbott, Richard Attree, Sackville Stephens Bale, Clerk, Geo ge Maximilian

Bethune, Cleik, Martin Benfon, Cleik, Sir George Biggin, Knight,-

Bradford, Edward Cranjlcn, John Duncan Cameron, Richard Chafe, George Courthope the younger, William Cave, Matthias D'Oyley, Clerk, Thomas D'Oyley, John Apfley Dalrymple, -	■■	- Davis, Thomas Englijh John

Ellman, Edward Egles, Gabriel Egles, John Trayton Fuller, John Fuller of Uckfield, Thomas Fuller, Cleik, John Fuller of Rofehill, John Fry, Robert Fry, William French, Charles Gilbert, William Gordon, Clerk, Thomas Gardener, Robert Holford, Jonathan Harrifon, Robert Hare, Clerk, William Frankland Hick, Sir Elijay Impey, John Jenner, Richard Jenner, Henry Jenner, Richard Jones, John Kirby, Clerk, Thomas Kemp, William Kenward, Samuel Lidbetter, David' Langtcn, Francis Newbery, the Honourable George Neville, Caleb Pearce, the Reverend Sir Flenry Poole, Baronet, Thomas Partington, Edward Robert Raynes, Clerk, Richard Rideout, Clerk, Thomas Rivett, Clerk, Robert Stone, Thomas Stone the younger, David Stone, John Baker Staplcy, Thomas Step ley, Richard Owen Stone, Richard Thomas Streatfield, George Shiftier, John Simmons, John Thornfon, Clerk, Georye Thornfon D. D. Richard Andrew Turner, William Per rail, Harry Verrall, Sir Thomas Meryon Wilfon, Baronet, George Woodward, Clerk, John Woodward, Thomas Woodward, Samuel Wickens *, togege* ther with the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid recited Adis, and being qualified in Manner therein diredled, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed Truftees to put the faid Adis, and this Adt, in Execution:

III.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fhall arife touching or in anywife relating to the Tolls by the faid recited Adis authorized to be colledted, or any of them, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colledt the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons adting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any luch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by'reafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colledt the faid Tolls, or adting under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

IV.	And be it further enadted. That the Exemptions granted by the faid recited Adis fhall be repealed ; and that, from and after the palling of this Adt, no Toll fhall be demanded or received for any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the faid Road, or any of the Roads in the Parifhes or Places in

i i	which

48*GEORGII III. Cap.61.	ibgg

Which the Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, doth lie, or any Hung, Mould, Soil, or Comport of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring or improving of any Garden, or other Land or Ground, or for any Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; nor (hall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofeof, or returning from ploughing, fowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Lind or Ground, or going for, or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or difpofed of, but to be laid up in the Hoiifcs, Out-houfes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hulbandry, or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame, in order for the repairing thereof, or ufmg the fame in Hufbandry, or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pafture, or going to be, or returning from being lhod or farried*, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, ot whatfoever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mail of Letters and Exprefies, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter-general, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame •, or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes or other Beafts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers *, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him n going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons .are in the Uniform of their refpedlive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpec-tivtly at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions*, or for any Carriage,

Horfe, or other Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal P..fies; nor (hall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parifti through which any Part of the faid Road doth lie, who rtiall pafs through any of the faid Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their refpedtive Parifti Church, Chappel, or other Place of religious Woflhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or any other Day on which D.vine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parifhes *, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or minifterial Duty on a Sunday\ or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated*, nor fhall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpedl of any -Horfe, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Paflenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Ele&ion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament, for the faid County of Suffeit, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon lhall claim and take the Benefit ol any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or (hall make ufe of any Fraud wliatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Adis and this Adi, or any Part thereof, (hall be evaded, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof one Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Adis and of this Aft.

V. And

1100

4-8° GEORGIA III. Cap, 61.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who by I .aw are or lhall be liable to do Statute W -rk, or are or fhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the f id Road, or any Part thereof, fhall ftiil remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore ; and it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County in which luch Road is fituate (as the Cafe may be), and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Paid Trultecs, or by their Treafurer, Cle?k, or Su veyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Poition of rhe Statute Work ftiall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refp d've Parifhes or Places in which the fame do:h lie •, and alfo what Proporti >n of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the H ghways of every fuch Parifh* or Place, in Lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Sca-ute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them, paid to the faid Truf-tees, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers ; and in order thereunto, it fhall be lawful for fuch Jufticrs, from Time to Time, to fumm )n the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways forevery fuch Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to beexprefted in fuch Summor s (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons), of the Names cf the fevera' Perfons who within fuch Paiilh or Place are by L w fubj-d and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Paym nt of any Money in Lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Wmk, diltmguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Diaughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid ; which Lift of Names lhall be in fuch Manner, and under luch Regulations and Reftridions as are or may be directed by any Law or Starute in f »rce or effed for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of luch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order luch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Woik as af mefaid upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fbill think reafonable*, and the fame fhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay Time or Harveft), and in fuch Parts of the faid Road, as the faid Juftices, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhail from Time to Time order, dhed, and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhall and may alfo order and dirtd the Perfons who by fuch Lifts (hall ap, ear to be fubjed and liable to the Paymenc of any Money in I.ieu of or as a Compofition for Sntute Work as afoiefaid, to pay fuch Proportion there f as the faid Juft.ce> fhall think proper, to the laid Trufttec, or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Juftices fhall dirtd ; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by DiftrcL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the re-fpedivc Pcrlons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by <he faid Ad authorized or diiedcd to be recovered ; and each and every Pcrfon who fhall negl d or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Pur-pofr, by any Surveyor to the laid Truftees, lhall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any L bourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horle or Horfes, Beaft or Bcafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Pcrfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effed for Repair of the public Highways ;

and

JIOI

4S°GEORGH III. Cap.6I.

ancl if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fliall be Pent with any Team or Draught to work on the Paid Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the Paid Truftees, Puch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the PerPon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that cafe, every Puch Perfon fliall be fubjedt and liable to the refpective Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid, as if he had neglected or refufcd to come, or Puch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the laid Roads; ail which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the Paid Truftees, and applied towards amending the Paid Roads ; and in cafe the Paid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Places fliall refufc, or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe and imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Money lhall be paid, or compcnSf.nj agreed or awa ded ro be paid, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, it amounting or Hereditaments, purchaled, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of to *°o1* the Paid recited Ads, or this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fliall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftce for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any ocher Dil'ability or Incapaciry whaifcever, fuch Money fliall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the-Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chamery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that luch Money fliall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or PeTons who would have oeen ern-titled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, orDil-charge t»f any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Parc thereof, as the faid Court fliall authorize to be paid, affeding the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith co the lame or the like Ufcs, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fliall not be fo applied, then the fame fliall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of ocher Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fliall be fopurchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or luch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be cxilting undetermined, and capable of taking Effcd ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fliall be made, the faid Money fhail, by Order of the laid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid [Loc. O9 Per.2	12 Z	Accountant-

11C 2

4S0 GEORGII III. Gufp61.

Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or 1 hree Pounds perCentum Reduced Bank Annu tie*; and in the mean Time and until the laid Bank Annuities fhall he ordeied by the laid Court to be Ibid for the Purpofes aforefaid, die Dividends and annual Produce of the Paid Confolidated or Reduced Ba.ik Annuities fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of itie laid Court, to the Perfon or Ptrfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands* Tenements, and iitrcditamems, to be purchaled by virtue <f the faid recited Ads and this Ait, in Cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Applies'i< n of VII. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Money, Compenation, fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenement*, or Heredita-loou'andnot mentSl purchaled, taken, or ufed for ti e Purpofes aforefaid, and belong* rxceedmg ing to any Corporation, or to any Perlon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perlon or Perlons for tneTime being, entitled t6 the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, cr Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their rdpec-tive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with ihs Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Ar count as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before diredled, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, approved of by Five of the Truftees for executing the faid recited Adis and this Adi (luch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Wiiting under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifir.g thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-btfore diredled, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredtion cr Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That where fuch of compenfa- Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, (ball than so/61* fce Ws than Twenty Pounds then and in all fuch C des the fame fhall be applied to the LJfeof the Perfon or Peifons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchaled, taken, or ufed for the Pmpofes of the faid recited Adis and this Ait, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (ball be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and fur the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perlon or Perfons fo entitled refpedtivcly.

maSn^ut*1	be	it further enadled, That in cafe the Pcrfcn or Perfons,

Titk** °U 10 ^hom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue

of

HOJ

48<’ GEORGII III. Cap.61.

of the Faid recited A els and this Aft, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Prcmifes, to the Satisfaction of the laid Truftees, or in c tie fuch Pcrlon or Perfons to whom luch Sum or Sums of Money lh.:ll be lb award.-d as aforel dd, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Calc it (hall and mav be lawful to and for the fa id Trullees, to order the Ibid Sum or Sums of Money !o awarded as aforefaid, to be pa-d into the frank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounts nfrGeneral of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ro the Credit of the Pa'ties inttrefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (de-lcrtbing them), fubjecl to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofition of the faid Court of Chance y ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to cs laid out and inverted in the Public. Funds, and to order Dbiribuiion thereof, or payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rdpe&ive Efface or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Peiibn or Perfons making Claim the. eunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premiles as to the faid Court (halt fccm-juft and realonablc, and the Caihier or Cafniers of the Btnk of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are he eby required to gve a Receipt or Receipts for luch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecilying for what and for whole Ufe the fane is or are receive.:, to fuch Perfon or Perl-.ns as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums dt"Money into the Bank as aforclbid.

X.	Prodded always, and .be it further enabled, That where any Quef-	any

tion (hall a-ife couching the Title of any Pcrlon to any Money to be paid into the B.-.nk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- a: , > me to " counrant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ad, for [.!;e the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Pcrion m pof-Ertate, Righr, or interert in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Jhal1 be to be purchafed in purfuance of the laid recited Acts and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities ro be purchafed with any fuch Money, or, the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perlons who (hall have been in Poffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary lhill be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Interert of the Btnk Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Mmey, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annu ties, lhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhaM be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Poffeffion, and that fome ocher Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Lftate or Intereft therein.

XL Provided

1104

Th< Court ol Ci. i.c lym.v ordci resf n ab.c Exp isc to be paid by the TruJtees.

Fapences of this Aft, hoi-

Public Act.

Continuance of this Act.

48° G E O R G11 III.	Cap.ft 1.

XI.	Provided alfo, and he it further enabled, Thar where, by reafon y of any Difability or Incapacity of the Pcrfon or Perfons or Corporation, 8 entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, to be purchaied

under the Authority of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, the Purchafe Money of the lame lhail be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ules, in purfuacce of the laid recited Ads and this Ad, it fhali ar.d may be lawful to and for the kid Court of Chancery too der the Expences of all Purchafes, from '1 ime to Time, to be made in purfuance of the faid Ads and this Ad, or ft much of fuoh Expences as the faid Court lhail deem reafonable, to be paid by the fa id Truftees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the laid Ads and this Ad, '"ho lhail from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpcfc* as the Laid Court lhail dired.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That the Expences and Charges in and about the procuring and palling this Ad, lhail be defrayed and paid by the faid Trtft es, out of the Money aheady raifed and received, by virtue of the faid former Acts for this prefent Act.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (ball be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Ad, and fhali be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being Ipecially pleaded.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid recited Ads (fubjed to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) lhail continue and be in foice, and be executed for and during the Refidue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the laid recited Ads, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the fuither Term of Twenty-one Years, and fiom thence to the End of the next Stllion of Parliament.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

********************************************************

Cap. 62.

An Adi for taking down and re-building the Key Bridge acrofs the River Avon, in the Borough of T'ewkejbury, in the County of Gloticejter, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto.

[27th May 1808.]

'’BT 'W yHEREAS the Bridge acrofs the River Avon, within the \ /\l Borough of Tewkejbury, in the County of Gloucejlcr, called ▼ ▼ The Key Bridge, is very ancient and decayed, and from the Violence of the Floods is fo much injured as to be dangerous to Travellers, Carriages, and Cattle palling over the fame, and the Way over the fame is narrow and unfafe : And whereas if the faid Bridge we-e taken down, and a new Bridge eretted at or near the Scite thereof, and proper and convenient Avenues or Roads leading thereto formed at each End of the faid Bridge, the fame would be attended with great Benefic and Advantage to ihe Inhabitants of the faid Borough, and o her Perfons tradirg thereto, and would alfo be of great public Utility : And whereas the fcveral Purpofes aforefaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore plcafe Your Majefty that :-t may be tnafted ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con!ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Pailiament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Bailiffs, principal Burgefies, High Steward, Recorder, Juftices, Town Clerk, Coroner, and Chamb rl in ft the faid Borough of Tenkejbury for the Time being, Chri/lcphcr Codington E quire, Charles Hi. bu y Tracy Eiqivre, Jacob Allis, Thomas Andrews, Ti.cmas Brown, Ifaac Butterfield, ‘John Barrows, Jofeph Buckle, Edward [L(jc, & fV ]	13	A	Brydges,





no6

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Brydges, Charles Banajter, Thomas Cooper, Thomas C iddick John Clarke, Ge rge Dumb!,., William Seale Evans, Robert E wads. Thomas ha/W pe, John Eafthope, Henry Ftwke, Henry H-per Fryer,	Gorky	Benjamin

Hoi'and 'John Doddridge Humphreys N t aniel H r dand, 7 c^n rihis Hart-land, Samuel Healing, Abraham Harris« Willi‘tn Hughes Gr zier, William Hughes Holier, Richard Jerkins, J hn Jenkins, Robert Knight Clerk, James Kmjbury, John Kedwutds, Omwell IJoyd, Omwell John Lloyd. WiL ham Lloyd, Thomas Dawfon Lewis Wiiham Martin, Jo n Martin, Charles Moore, Edward Mcore, 7®^# Moore Malt Iter John Mayo, John Pitt Nind, Thomas CJborne, William Proffer Clerk, Michael Protter, William Pr idler, George Prior, Nicholas Player, John Richerdfon, Edward Reddell, James Spiljbury, Thomas J If Sandilands, Robert Smith,

Terrelt, John Terrett the v. u get*, Sinuei Trueman, William Thomas, Ha w Turner, Sa mel Turner, Thomas Vernon, Henry White, Jofeph Wickes, Thomas Wcollams, Andrew Woollams, Thomas Whithorn, an.: Matthew Wright, and. theirSucceftors, to be elected in manner herein di'^fted, ffiall be and they are hereby declared to be Truftees for carrying this Aft <into Execution*

Vna«s°f the Ik And it further enafted, That no Aft of the faid Trustees Ihall ,‘i'd unkfs at be or be deemed to be good, valid, oreffedual, unlefs the fame be done Meeting. at f0,ne M e:ing to be holden in purfuance of this Ad, fave and except as [ jor'.ty herein excepted ; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Ad granted fojxwe.edto lQ ^ f jj 'pnifteeSj fhall and may be ©xercifed from Time to Time by the major Part of them who fhall be prefem at any Meeting to be holden in purfuanc e of thi. Ad, theNumper of Truftees prtfcnc at every fuch Meet* jng.nht being itfs than Frve, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part cf the i i oft. es pretent at fuch their feveral M etihgs, Ihall have the lan e F rte and Eff-ft as if the lame were made or don - by all fuch Truftees for the Time being, fave and except as herein excepted p hairmants and at every Meeting of the fcrid Truftees a Chairman Ihall and may be appointed ; and when and as often as it (hall fo happen that there lhall be an Equality of Votes at any fuch Meeting upon any Qoeftion (including the Vote of the Chairman; th n and in every fu. h Cafe it mail be lawful for fuch Chairman to give the decifive or calling Vote.

kg V

Piwer co ap. IH. And be it further ena&ed, Thar upon the Death, Refufal, or Dif-P' ir.t ; tw	ability of any of the Truftees herein named, or of their Succeffors to be

Tiufttes.	elected in manner herein mentioned (fave and except fuch frveral Perfons

as are herein appointed by re. fon or by virtue of their refpeftive Offices)1 to aft in the Execution of this Aft, then and in eveiy fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furviving or remaining Truftees from Time to Time to th.fl and appoint one ocher Perfon to be a Truftee in the loom of each Truftee to dying, refilling, or being incapable of afting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every fuch Election (hall be fignrd by the Cle k to the faid Truftees for the Time bein^, and sh.nl be affixed on the feveral Toll Gates that (hall be erefted by virtue of this Aft, or up n the Door of the Pariih Church of Tewkejbury afoifaid, Ten D. ys at lralt before fuch Meeting, and every Perfon lb elefted a Truftee as aforefa d, fhall be and he is hereby empowered to aft in the Execution of th s Aft in as full and ample a Manner, to 11 Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as the Truftee in whofe room or ftead he lliall have been fo elefted.

IV. Provided

.in3 QjEORG’IH ,n. Cap. 62.	1107

IV Pr." , i ct jl’.vav.’, • iirisl or' i- e • £b I, I rtar no P- f»n Hiall be capa- Q-'d'A' tion 1>W of it :i vv!a rf 'u'.’e rn boE v nt o o! this A ■ (!ave and txrpc ot 1 ruftecs* fuch I', v r fra vi-\w-z chc-reii apj oinn-d 1 y rtafon or by virtue ot: their reip cl • e v ffi ••-) un’.-is ht fhall b an I-diabitan* living and rcficiing in the lud B	o.	Tcuhijbuiy^	i	r	imkis h ibah be in his own Rjghr,

or n rhr IRLi •*> ‘A . <■ n tl>> a&ual PolLflb or Receipt » f u e R nt« and Pr fi v r.bi d-,. T n ments, and Heredi .me its in the fir'd B bough oi (he ! -ar te yL Va.ae ot Thirty Poun or be (SofT ff of or e titled to a Hrloa i Eltat. of the Value ot1 One thnufacd Pounds; and if a*y P non riot D ing lo q 4 fiatffi til a£t as a Truflcr in the Executi n of th’is Act, rwr v t. ch Pefon fhall for eveiy fuch Offence forfeit an i pay. the Sun. -f Kft\ P iuru3s, ro any Perfon or Perlons who lha!l fuc for th fame in a- y vt His'Maielty’s Courts of Record at JVeftminfter, by A£t n of 0 bt or oh tne Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information,- wh rein no Eff 'inn, Protect ion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, fh II b allowed ; ind every* uch Perf in fo lued of proltcuied fhall prove that, he is Quai bed as afoiefafd or otherwise (hail pay the laid Penalty, with* tut a v o.ner Proof on the Part‘of the Plaintiff or Profccbtor than tba- fuch Perion hath afled* as a Truftee in the Execution of this Adt:

P oiivlrd neve thclcf, that all A£ts and Proceedings of any Prrf.n 6r Per Ions . dbng as a Truftee or Truflees in the Executi* 11 of this Act, though not dulv qualified as afore fait), previous to his or their being convicted of the fa id Offence, (hall, notwiihftanding fuch Conviction, be as good, valid, and 'ffc&ual as it fuch Perfon or Perf ns had been duly qualified to a£t as a Tiuuce according to the Directions' cf chis Aft.

V. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of acting as a T ruftt-e in the Execution of this Act (five and except in appointing the Firlt Meeting ot the faid Truflees to be hidden in purluance of this Acr, in cafe the lame fhall not be holden on the Day he'tin appointed, and in adnaimltering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Tiuftres) unil he fhall have taken and lubferibed the O-th or Affirmati n following, at a Meeting to be holden by the Lid Truffces by virtue of this Act (which Oath or Affirmation any one or more of the faid Truftecs is and aie hereby empowered to adminiftcr):

* T A.B. do fwear [or, being one of the People called Quakers do folemnly ‘ -*■ affirm] That 1 will execute the Duty of a Trultcr rc poled in me by

*	virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of Hispre-‘ fent Maj ffr, intituled, [repeat the Title of the Aft] according to the belt 4 of my bit'll and J (’gment, without Favour or Affection, Piejudice

*	or Malice, "to any Pc.fon or Perfons whensoever.

‘ So help me GOD/

VI. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons who Vi fhall keep a Victualling Hoof , Alehoule, or other Houfe of public *f‘ JLntertainno nr, c-r who lhall feli any Wine, Cyder, liter, Ale, cr Spirituous or o-her St:oig Liquors by Retail, (ball be capable of at tug as a Tiuftte, or of taking, holding, t.r ei joy rg any Place t r Places or Trull or Prefit under the laid T oftees or ot collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during fuch Time as he, fhc, or tht y fhall k ep fuch Victualling Huu'.e. Akhouie, or other Houfe of public Enter (ainmenr, or lhall fell any Wine, Cyder, Ba r, Ale, or Spmtuous or othei S long 8;	Liquors

icfual'ers, incapable acting, &c.

no3

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 62..

Liquors by Retail; but no fuch Perfon (ball be precluded from farming the Tolls by this Act pranred, provided he, (hr, or they do employ a Perfon orPertons to collect fuch Te lls who (hall not be under fuch Incapacity.



in the Execution of this Act,, notwithftanding their being Trultees, except only in fuch Cafes where they Ihall be perlonally interfiled.

Tina Meeting VIII. And be it further enafled, That the faid Truftees (hall meet as

©t Tilled. (U. Tnlfpii in	o.f/ifarii/t	r\n	rk» Thirri T\A/1. ///7V nevr afrr*r rhr

the Tolfey in Tcwkefbury aforelaid, on the Third Monday next after the pafiing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven of tne Clock in- the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and pr< ceen to carry this Act into Execution; and in cafe noneof the laid Trultees (hall attend fuch Meeting, then fuch Meeting fhall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Gcod Friday, Chrijtmas Day and any Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, only excepted, and then to the next Day), and lo toties quoties until a Efficient: Number of Truftees (hall attend at fuch Meeting to act in the Execution of this Act, or until a Truftee or Truftees fhall attend lo as to adjourn iuch Meeting; and the faid Truftees (hall and may at Inch Meeting, and at their feveral Meetings to be holden for the PurpoE of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn thtmfelves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place within the faid Ko oiigh, as to the (aid Truftees (hall feem convenient, and at fuch Times as toihtm (hall feem proper; and if it (hall fo happen that there (hall noc appear at any fuch Meeting a Efficient Number of Truftees to act in the Execution of this A£f, the Truftee or Truftees then prelent, or the Clerk to the Lid Truftees, fhall from Time to Time, as often as the Cafe (hall happen, adjourn fuch Meeting to fome other Day within Fifteen Days then following, to be holden at the fame Place, and the faid C crk (hall cacfe Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Toll Gates that (hall be erected by virtue of this Act, at lead Five Days before the Day to which fuch Meeting fhall be fo adjourned ; and the faid Truftees ihall at their (ever.nl Meetings defray their own Expences*, and no Peifon fhall be capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Act during l'uch Time as he (hall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

Meetings on IX. And be it further enabled. That if after any Adjournment of any Exigencies. Meeting as aforefaid it fhall at any Time or Times be thought neceffary

that a Meeting of the Truftees ffiould be holden on aneaiher Day than the Day to which fuch Meeting (hall have been adjourned, then and in every fuch Cafe the Clerk to the laid Truftees (an Order in Writing figned by Three or more of the faid Truftees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch earlier Meeting being given to him, or left at his laft or ufual Place of Abode) (hall forthwith give Notice of fuch earlier Diy in manner before dirt&ed, and of the Time and Place which fhall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (fuch Time not being fooner than Five Days after fuch Notice); and all the Proceedings of the faid Truftees at fuch eariier Meeting, Ihall be as good and valid as they

would

IT09

48° GEORGII III. Cap.hi.

would have been in cafe fuch Truftees had met in purfuanca of an Adjourn--ment.

X.	And be it further enabled. That no Order, Appointment, or Pro- No Order to ceeding, made at any Meeting of the Truftees holden in pursuance of this unieflat^' A«!f, (hall be revoked or altered at any fubfcquent Meeting, unlefs at a Meeting for Meeting to be holden for that exprefs Purpofe, nor unlefs Notice fpecifying

the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, figned by the Clerk to NineTruf-the faid Truftees, be affixed on thefcvcral Toll Gates that (hall be ererted ter^i!taila^( a by virtue of this Act, at leaft Five Days before fuch fubfequent Meeting, Majority of nor unlefs there (hall be Nine Truftees prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting, T!V'C$ concur* and a Majority of Three Truftees fhall decide in Favour of fuch Revocation and Alteration, and a greater Number of Truftees (hall be prefent at fuch fublequenc Meeting than were prefent at the Meeting when fuch Order, Appointment, or Proceeding was had or made.

XI.	And be it further enarted. That the faid Truftees fhall caufe to be Proceedings provided and kepc a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries tobecntercd* to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to

the Execution of this Art, and of the Names of all fuch Truftees as (hall be prefent at their feveral Meetings, and ail Entries in fuch Book or Books being figned by the Chairman and the Clerk then prefent, (hall be deemed Originals, and (hall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Caufes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, and fuch Book or Books (hall at all the Meetings of the faid Truftees be open and liable to the Infpection of all and every of the faid Truftees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and any of the faid Truftees and Creditors (hall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying tor every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of Sixpence, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number of Words.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees may and they Trudfeato are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands to appoint a Trea*

furer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the *

Tolls by this Act granted, and (if neceflaiy) a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Bridges and other Works to ne erected by virtue of this Act, and alfo luch other Officers and Perlons for the Execurion of this Act as they the faid Truftees (hall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove fuch Officers and Perfons refpectively as they the faid Truftees (hall fee Occa-fion ; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Acr, to allow and pay fuch Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the fiid Officers and other Perlons as the faid Truftees (hall think reasonable; and the faid Truftees (hall and they are hereby required to take fufficient Security from every fuch Treafurer and other Officer for the due Execution of his Office, as they fhall think proper; and all fuch Officers fo to be appointed (hall under their Hands, at fuch Time or Times, artd in fuch Manner as the laid Truftees (hall dirert, deliver to the Truftees, or to fuch Perfori or Perfons as they (hall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all the Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Art, and alfo of all the Monies which (hall have been by fuch Officers refpertively received by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Art, and how much thereof hath been expended and difburfed, and for what Purpofe, together with [Lee, & Per.']	13 B	proper

ii io

4§’ GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

.proper Voucher; for fuch Payments, and fhall pay all fuch Monies a-*; Hiall remain due from them refpeccively to the laid Truflees, or to fuch Pcrlon 01 Perfons as thev fhall appoint to receive the lame; and every luch TreaCurer fhall, on the Firll Monday in the Month of 'June Yearly, or at the Firfl Meeting of the Did Trultees then next following (although not therrunto required by the faid Trultees) lay his Accounts before the laid Tiudves, in order that the fame may be audited, paffed and allowed by them if approved, and all the Lid Officers fo accounting as aforelaid, (lull upon Oath (which Oath anv one of the laid Truftees is hereby empowered to adminifler) verity their faid Accounts, and it any fuch Officer fhall refuic or negiect to make and render or to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or ro produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, cr to make Payment as affirefaid, or (hall refute or wilfully neglcdt to deliver to the faid Truftees, or ro fuch Pcrlon or Perfons as they fhall appoint 10 receive the lame, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the f id Truftees, bv Notice in Writing given to or left at the lad or ufual Place of Abode of 'the fiii Officer, ad Becks, Papers and Wrir ngs in his Cuftcdv or P. w. % relating to the Execution of this Adi, or give Satisfaction to the faid 3’ruftces rtfpeccing die fame, then and in every imh C.tfe, upon Complaint made by the f id Trultce:, or by luch Perlon or Perf -ns	they (hall appoint for that Purpolc, cf any fuch Re-

fusal or wilful Neglect as Torefad, to any Juftice of the Peace for the laid Borough, or f r ihe County, Cuy or Place wherein fuch On cer lo refufing or wilfully neglrcting ffiall be or reft ie, fuch Julticemay and he is hereby authorized and required to ifiue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer fo refuling or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, cr having been fummoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummaiy Way ; and if upon the Conffffion of ihe Party, or by the Tcftimony of any one cr more credible Witnrfs or Witntfles upon Oath (which Oarh fuch Juflice is hereby mipowered to adminifler) it (hall appear to fuch Julbce that any of the Monies which fhall have been collected or raifed by virtue cf this A6t fhall remain due from luch Officer, luch Juflice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal,, to caule fuc!) Money to be levied hy Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer, and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Officer can be found iufficient to ar.lwer and laii fy the faiel Money, and the Charges of didraining and felling the faid Goods and Chattel?., or if it ffiall appear to fuch Juft ce that fuch Officer lhall have refuled or wilfully neglected to rtndrr and give fuch Account, or to vciify the fame as aforefdicJ, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or Mat any Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Execution ot this Act lhall be in the Cuflody orPowa- of fuch Officer, and he fhall haveietukd or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction refpftbng the fame as aforelaid, then and in each and every luch CTe fuch Juftice ffiall ■ commie fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houle of Cuirc&ion tor the faid Borough, or the County, City or PLce where fuch Offender ffiall be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he ffiall give and make a true and perfeft Account and Payment as aforefaiti, or until he fhall compound with the faid Truftees tor fuch Money, and ffiall have paid fuch Ccmpofition in fuch Manner as they ffiall appoint (which Competition the laid Truftees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he ffiall deliver up fuch Books, Papers and Writings, cr give Satis-*9	faction

IIII

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 62-

fa&ton in refpeft thereof to the faid Truftees; but no fuch Officer fhall be detained or kept in fuch Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion for wane of fufficient Diftrefs, by virtue of this Act, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be la ' ful to and for any Obi Death of Five or more of the laid Truftees, upon the Death, Negled, Refufal or ^^e^may Incapacity to ad et any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, bv Writing u<-min te asunder their Hands to nominate and appoint feme other fit Perfon in hts or her Place until the nexc Meeting of the faid Truftees, which Perlon fo Meeting, &c. to be nominated ard appointed fhall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the fameMmner in all Refpeds as ihePerfon in whofe Room or Stead he or fhe fh ill be fo appointed ; and if any Colledor of the faid Tolls who fhall be difeharged from his or her Office by the faid Truftees fhall refufe to deliver up the Polf. ffion of the Toll Houfe, Buildings and Appurtenances which he or fhe enjoyed in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, wirhin Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at fuch Toll H; ufe in Writing under the Hands of the faid.

Tiuftees or any Five or more'of them, or if the Wife or Family of any fuch Colledor who fhall die as aforefaid, or any other Perfon who fhall be in ihe Poflcffion of the Premifes by any Means whatfoever, fhall refufe to deliver up fuch Houfe, Building and Appurtenances within Four Days after Notice of fuch new Appointment being made as aforefaid, fhall have b engiven to him, her erthem, or left at fuch 'Foil Houfe, ligned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, then and in any of the faid Cafes it fhall be lawful for any Juftire of thePc2ce for the faid Borough, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Conftabie or other Pea-eOfficer, with fuch Afliftance as fhall be neceilary, to enter fuch Toll Houfe and Premifes in the Daycirrr, and to remove the Perlon or Pevfons who fhall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of fuch Toll Houfe and other Premiles, and to put the newiy appointed Coikdor in PoflHfion. thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That it ffiall be lawful for the faid power to take Truftees or any Five or moie of them, and they are hereby fully authorized gj!jpJre-and empowered, by and out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad, and buii/a to build and erect or caufe to be built and erected with Iron, S one, or new one, ttc. other Materials, a good and iubftartial new Bridge acrofs the River Avsn [of a Width not Ffs than Sixteen nor more than Forty Feet in fhe dear) at the PI .ce where the prefent Bridge ftands, according to fuch Defigns and in luch Manner as they the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall direct, 2nd fhall pull down or caufe to be pulled down the faid prefent Bridge, and build or caule to be built a temporary Bridge, or continue the laid Bridge as a temporary Bridge over the faid River nil the new Bridge ihail be erected, and to build and erect or caule ro be built and erected One or mere Toll Houle or Toll Hnufes, with a Gate or Gates and other Conveniences thereto, and alfo to make proper Road?, Ways,

Avenues, and Approaches to the faid new Bridge at each End thereof, fit for the Puffage of Travellers, Carts, Cattle, and Carriape*, and to erect and let up or caufe to be erected and fet up one or more Side B u* or Side Bars,

Chain or Chains, cn the Sides of or acrofs fuch Roads, Ways, Avenues, or Approaches; and all fuch Hoads, Ways, Avenues, and Approaches to the laid .Bridge-at each End thereof, for the Space of One hundred Yards from

the

1112

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

the faid Bridge, fhall be maintained and repaired by the faid Truftees by virtue of this Act, and the faid Truftees are hereby authorized, empowered and required by and out of the Monies arifmg by virtue of this Act, to fupporc and maintain and keep the faid Bridge, Toll Houfe and Toil Houfes, Conveniencies, Afcents, and Approaches to the faid Bridge in good and fufficient Repair, and for the Purpofes aforefaid the faid Truftees fhall have full Power and Authority to remove or caufe to be removed any Shoals or other Obftructions in the faid River, and alfo to dig up, take, and carry away all Beds of Grave], Sand, Mud, or other Impediments, and to deepen and widen the faid River at the Place at or near which iuch new Bridge is intended to be erected, if it (hall be thought neceflary fo to do, and alfo to dig and cut the Banks of the faid River in fnch Manner as lhall be neceflary and proper for building the faid new Bridge and preferving the lame, and the Navigation of the faid River near and under the faid new Bridge free and open, and alfo to turn, widen, and alter any Highway or make any new Wav, Avenue, or Approach leading to the faid intended Bridge at each End thereof, and from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things as the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall think neceflary, ufeful and convenient for effectually building, erecting, maintaining or fupporting the faid Bridge, Toll Houfe or Toll Houfes, and other Works and Conveniencies, or the Approaches thereto, and to lay on each Side of the faiJ River, ■within the Diftance of One hundred and Fifty Yards of the Scite or intended Scite of the faid intended new Bridge, all Materials and other Things to be ufed in or about the faid Bridge, Ways, Avenues, and Approaches, and there to work and ufe the fame, they the faid Truftees making Satisfaction in Manner herein-afrer mentioned to the refpedtive Owners and Occupiers of all the Lands and Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, as fhall be raken or made ufe of for the Purpofes aforefaid or any of them *, and alfo chat it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees and they are hereby requited to caufe the Carriageway of the Lane called The Key Lane, leading from the High Street in Tewkefbury aforefaid to the prefent and the faid intended new Bridge, and being an Avenue to the faid Bridge, to be well and fufficiently repaired, and to caufe a Footway or Footways of flat fmooth Stones to be laid on one or both Sides of the faid Lane, and fhall alfo caufe the faid Carriage and Footways to be kept in Repair from Time to Time as Occafion (hall require.

PafTsge not to XV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the Paflage he (topped till over the prefent Bridge fhall not be flopped or deftroyed until Rich tem-ornew^Bridge porary or new Bridge fhall be built and made fafe and commodious for built.	Carriages	and Paffengers.

No Building XVI. And be it further ena&ed. That no Houfe or Building whatfoever HouHsTohe (Toil Houles excepted) fhall be ereded upon the faid new Bridge when erectS o°n the built, but that the fame fhall be quite open, and be deemed and ufed as a new Biidge. common public Highway for ever.

Power to pro- XVII. And be it further enaded,That the faid Truftees fhall and they tide Lamps, are hereby authorized, empowered and required from Time to Time to purchafe and provide fuch and fo many Lamps and Burners, and other neceflary Articles thereto, and alfo fuch and fo many Lamp Irons and Lamp Toftsas to them the faidTruftees fhall feem right and proper, and todireft the

fame

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 62.	ntj

fame to be affixed or fet up on or againft fuch Part or Parts of the faid intended new Bridge and temporary Bridge, and to be altered, taken down or removed, and again fet up in fucn Place cr Places upon thefaid Bridges as they IhaH think fit and proper, and to caufe fuch Lamps, or any of them, to he lighted at fuch Sealbns of the Year, on fuch Evenings and in fuch Hours, and to be kept burning for fo many Hours as to them the faid Trudees (hall feem necelLry cr proper for the well and fufficiently lighting the Piilfage along the laid Bridges; and until the faid Budges fhall be compl-ied, the Colls and Charges attending the providing fuch Lamps and of lighting the fame, (hall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies arifing ot to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act; and that when and for ever after the faid intended new Bridge fhall be completed, fuch Cofts and Charges fhall be pfia and defrayed in fuch and the fame Manner, anrl by fuch and the fame Ways and Means, as the Cofls and Charges of providing and lighting the Lamps within the faid Borough are paid and defrayed.

XVIII. And belt further enabled. That it lhall and may be lawful for Tolls to be thefaid Truftees, and they are hereby empbwered to demand and take or taken, caufe to be demanded and taken at any Gate or Gates, Side Bar or Chain to be erected by virtue of this Aft, the Tolls following, before any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead cr Cattle lhall be permitted to pals through the lame j that is to fay :

For every Horfe or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Coach, Toll#. Sociable, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Vis-a-Vis, Chaife, Galalh, ChaifeMarine,

Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whifky, Caravan, Hearfc or Litter, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny :

- For every Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, which with the Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities conveyed therein or thereon, fhall be of a lefs Weight than One Ton, the Sum of Four-pence .*

For every Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Carr, Dray, cr other fuch Carriage, which with the Goods, Coals, Warts, Merchandizes, or Commodities conveyed therein or thereon, fhall be of the Weight of One Ton, and of a lels Weight than One Ton and a Half, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, which v.ith the Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities conveyed therein or thereon, fhall be of the Weight of One Ton and a Half, and cf a lefs Weight than Two Tons, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, which with the Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities conveyed there n or thereon, fhall be of the Weight of Two Tons, and of a lefs We'ght than Two Tons and a Half, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, which with the Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities conveyed therein or thereon, (hail be of the Weight or Two Tons and a H If, and of a lefs Weight than Three Tons, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Warn, Trolley, Cart, Dray, or other fuch Carriage, which with the Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities *	• [JLtf&.Es9 Per.'}	*3 C	conveyed

IU4-	48’	GEORGII III Cap.62.

conveyed therein or thereon, fhall be of the Weight of Three Tons or upwards, the Sum of One Shill ng and Sixpence :

For rvery Drovr of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-prnct* per Score, a d fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number r And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the .Sum of Fv e-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

To’1* veiled XIX. And be it further enadled, That the faid Tolls fhall be and they tees^cTrU<" are hereby veflcd in the faid Truftecs, and a Table thereof fhall be put up and continued at fuch Turnpike or Toll Gate ert&ed on or near the faid For Recovery Bridge or the Avenues leading thereto ; and it fhall be lawful for the « Toll*. feveral Perfons who fhall by virtue of this ACl be appointed Collectors of the faid Tolls, to demand, colled, and receive the faid Tolls; and if any Per-fon or Perfcns fubjeCt to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, fhall, after Demand made thereof by any Colledor to be appointed as aforefaid, neg-led or refufe to pay the fame or any Parc thereof, it fhall be lawful for fuch Colledor to feize and diflrain or caufe to be feized and diflrained any Horfe or Horfes, or other Beaft or Cattle, or any Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cait, Dray, or other Carriage, and the Goods and Chattels of any Perfoty or Perfons chargeable with the faid Tolls or any of them, or the Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harntfs, or Accoutrements of fuch Horfe or Hones, or other Beall or Beads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and if fuch Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the real'onable Charges of fuch Seizure and Di-drefs, and of obtaining and keeping the fame, fhall not be paid within Five Days next after fuch Seizure and Diflrefs made, the Colledor fo Jeizing or didraining fhall and may fell or caufe to be fold the Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harnefs and Accoutrements, or the faid Waggons, Wains, Carts, Trollies, Drays or other Carriages, Goods or Chattels fo feized and diftrained, or any Part or Parts thereof, at or near the Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Chain, where the faid Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after fuch Tolls and all reafonable Cods and Charges for didraining, keeping, and felling the fame, fhall be deducted and paid.

XX.	Provided always and be it further enabled. That nothing in this Adi contained fhall authorize or empower the faid Tmllees or their Collector or Collectors to demand or take at any Gate, Side Bar or Chain to be fet up or erected by virtue of this Adi, for any Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cait, Dray or other fuch Carriage going for or laden with any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities, which Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities fhall have previoufly paffed through the Lock or Sluiee fituate within the faid Borough of Tewkejbury into the faid River Avon, any further or greater Toll than One-half of the Amount of the Tolls herein-before authorized to be taken; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	And be it further enaCled, That if any Difpute fhall arife touch-tobefe* iedU* ing the Amount of Tolls due, or the Cofts and Charges of diflraining, by ajuitice. keeping or Idling any Diflrefs, it fhall be lawful for the CoIIeClor or Person fo diflraining, to detain the Diflrefs or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls or the Charges of diflraining,

keeping

taken for Goods having palled

480 GK OR'G li III. 'Cap, 62.	1115

keeping ard felling the D.flrefs, as the Cafe may be, (hall be afeertained by iome Jullice or the Peace for the faid Borough, who upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, (hal txamiue the laid Matter upon the Oath or Oaths of the Pi-rty or Parties, or ocher Witnels or Witnefies, and fhalI determine the Amount of Tolls, and (hall alfo afiefs the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and all other reafonable Cods, all which Sum or Sums fo determined or affefled (hall be paid to the Collector before he lhali be obliged to return the faid Diftrefs or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Weighing

Truftees from Time to Time, as they (hall think proper, to ered, provide,	ba

fupport and maintain an Engine or Machine near the faid Bridge, for weighing any Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart, Dray or other fuch Carriage

which (hail pafs over the faid Bridge, in order to afeertain the Toll to be taken for the Paflage of fuch Carriage, and likewife for weighing any Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes or Things which any Perfon or'Per-fens (hall defire to have weighed, which Perfon or Perfons (hall pay to the faid Truftees or their Order, to be applied towards the Purpofes df this Ad, a Sum to be from Time to Time fixed by the faid Truftees, not exceeding Sixpence for every Ton, and fo Proportion for a greater ,or lei’s Weight; and it (hall be lawful for anv one of the laid Truftees, Truftees, &c. or the Keeper of the Toll Gat© or Gates to be made and ereded in purfu- ^eighT^6 ance of this Ad, from Time to Time, as often as they or any of them fhall think fit, to we gh or caufe all or any of fuch Waggons, Wains,

Trollies, Carts, Drays and other fuch Carriages which lhali pafs over the faid Baidge, either before or after fuch paffing, together with the Loading thereof, to be weighed at the faid Engine or Machine to be ereded as aforefaid ; and if any Owner of fuch Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart,

Dray or other fuch Carriage, or the Driver thereof, (hall refufe to permit • the faid Truftees, their Gate Keeper or Officers, or any of them* to weigh or caufe to be weighed any fuch Carriage as aforefaid, or hinder, obftrud, or interrupt them, or any of them, or the Perfons employed by them or any of them in the weighing thereof, fuch Owner or Driver (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Right and Property of the Bridges Turn* 3 idges, Turnpikes, and Tall Floufes and other Buildings, and the faid P‘^8» "Weighing Engine or Machine tu be ereded by virtue of this Ad, with the Truftees! tllC Gr und. Fences and Appurtenances thereto refpedively, and of all Gates,

P< fts. Rails, Bars, Chains, Watch Boxes, Tables of Tofs, Lamps, Limp Polls, Lamp Irons and Pofts to be ereded, and alfo of all Materials, Tools and Implements which ate or (hall be provided for making or repairing the faid Bridge*, Ways, Avenues, or Approaches, or any of them, by virtue of this Ad (hall be veiled in the faid Truftees, and they are hereby empowered to caufe an Adion or Adions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indidment to be preferred againfl any Perfon who (hall (leal, break down, take away, injure or fpoil the laid Bridge/;, or any fuch Turnpike, Toll Houfe or other Building, Watch Bjx, Weighing Machine,

S	de Bars or Chains, Fence, Tables of Tolls, Lamps, Lamp Poll, Lamp Iron or Pod, or any of fuch Materials, Tools or Implements as aforefaid or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all fuch Adions and

Bills

mi6	4.8*GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Bills oflndidment refpedively, it ihall be fufficient to ftate generally, that the Aiticle or Articles, Thing or Things for which fuch Action or Ad,ons ihall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indidment preferred, is or are the Property of the Truftees for building a Bridge over the River Avon, in the B- rough ot Tewkejbury, without particularly mentioning or lpccifying the Name or Names of all or any of the laid Truftees.

JiiH8o°cle X^IV. Providtd always, and be it further enabled. That nothing herein onl) for paf- contained (hill extend or be conftrued to extend to enable any Collector paifin^On-e c^e ta^ T >lls to demind or take any more than one Toll from any the'inac Day. Perfon or P rions whumfoever for or in refped of the fame HoTe, Beaft, or < iher C.tde, or fuch Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Cart, Dray, or other Cat rage palling Once and r,-palling Once in the fame Day (luth Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve ot the Clock in the next lucceeding Night) through the lame or any other Toll Gate or Toll G >res, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Chain on the laid Bridge, or the Avenues or Koads leading thereto, all and every fuch Ptrion and Pei funs producing a Ticker, denoting that fuch Toll hath been paid on that Day for or in refped of fuch Carriage, Horfe, Bead, or other Cattle, on the faid B idge, or the Avenues or Roads leading thereto, vhich Ticket the faid Colledor is hereby required to deliver gratis on a Receipt of fuch Tod : Provided neverth lefs, that every Waggon, Wain, TrolPy, Carr, Dray or other fuch Carriage p.<fling and re-pafling over the laid Bridge in the fame Day, Ihall be liable to the Payment of the greateft Toll for every Time of palling and re-palling, which fuch Carriage with the Goods, Coals, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities conveyed therein or thereon (hall be fubjeCl or liable to according to the Weight thereof, either at the Time of palling or re-pafling.

XXV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Dilpute, Suit, or Litigation Ihall arife touching or in anywife relating to the faid Toils or any of them, the Perfon or Peifons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees Ihall not be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Dif-pute, Suir, or Litigation, by realon of his, her, or their Appointment to colled fuch Tolls.

Penalty on XXVI. And be it further enabled. That if any Peifo.n or Perfons {hall ToHsr‘S the give to, offer or difpofe of, or receive from any ocher Perfon or Periods any fuch Ticket as aforefaid, or Ihall counterfeit or knowingly make u!e of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof, or ihall take off or caufe to be taken off any Horfe or other Beall: from any Carriages, whereby the Payment of any of the fa:d Tolls or any Part thereof is or Ihall be evaded or avoided, or Ihall do any other Acl whereby fuch Tolls or any of them, or any Part thereof, Ihall be evaded; or if any Perfon Ihall take, lead or drive any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, or any Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, or Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, by rhis Ad liable to the Payment of Toll, over or through a certain Bridge or Paffage ereded acrofs the faid River Avon, at cercain Mills called The Town Mills within the faid Borough (except the Owner and Occupier of the faid Mills for the Time being, and his, her, or their Agents and Servants) in order or with an Intent to evade Payment of the Tolls intended by this Ad to be made payable, every fuch Krfon S	lo

Collectors of Tolls to be

■Wjtnefl'es.

48. GEORG 11 III. Cap. 62.	n'17

fo offending in hny of die Cafes aforefaid, (hall for every fuch Offeree forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Po unds, pr.e Moiety wheieof (baU go to the Informer and the other Moiety (hall be applied to the Pur-pofes of this Acr.

XXVII. Provided always, and.be it further enabled, That no Toils GensralEx, /hall be demanded or taken for the Paflage of any Cattle or Carriage winch eml*l0,w Ih dl be ufed or employed only in conveying Stones, Timber, or other Materials for building or repairing the faid Bridge, or any temporary Bridge to be eredted by virtue of this A6t •, nor for any Horfe?, Cattle, or She p going to departure in a certain Meadow called Severn Ham, wiihin the f id Paiilh of'Teiukejbnry, or returning from .the fame ; nor for any Ilorles or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Stable ; nor for any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, or the Horfes. or Cattle drawing the fame, employed only in conveying Hay or Grafs from and but of the faid Meadow called Sivcrti liam\ or for any Horfe, Beaft, Cattle or Carriage, of whatever Deicription, employed cr*to be employed in conveying the Mails of L-turs and Fxpreiles under the Authority of His M.tjeftyS Poftmafttr General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding iuch Mails or Expre/Ds, or in returning back from conveying the fi-me ; or1 for any Hort*, Beaft, Cattle, or Carriage attending any Sold ers upon their March or on Dufy, or attending them with their Arms or B iggaae*, or for any Hoife, Mare, cr Gelding, fumilbed for cr by ny Pefion belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, or for or bv any Fi 1 Officer or other mounted Officer of any Corps of Volunt er Infantry^ and rude by them in going ro or returning! from the Place appoin'ed for and on the Days of Ex. rcil’e, provided fuch,

Pcrlors aie in the Uniform of their rcfpe.'i ;ve Corps, and have their Arm', Furniture, and Accoutrements acrorfing to the Regulations provided for fuen Corps respectively, at the Time of c'atming i'uch Exemption ; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken for any IJorfe, Cattle,

B':aft or C rnage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants Dm bv fgd Partis or returning therefrom j or for any Horfe, Cattle, Beaft or Carriage carrying or conveying ary Peifon or Pe'fons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire 10 f-rve in P rlia-ment for the County of Gloucejier, or of a Burgtfs or Bu'geffes to ferve in Parliament tor the Borough or Teivkejbury, on the Da y or Days of fuch Ele&ion, or on the Day befoie or Day after fuch Elt&bn fnall begin or be concluded; and if any Petfon cr Perfons /hall in a<y fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever, claim and take the B n' fit of any of the Exemptions by this A&. granted, not being entitled to the fame, every Inch Ptrf'. n (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not excreding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof (hall go to the Informer,, and the other Moiety jhall be applied to the Purpofes of this A£t.

XXVIII. And whereas the faid Bridges may receive fuch Damage bv Floods or orherwile, that the Paflage over the lame may at Times bee on e dangerous c r impracticable; be it therefore further enabled. That 1 every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, mav ard fh_ll atfheir Difcretion fee up a Ferry acrofs the laid River Avon, a any convenient Piace or Places, being as near to the faid new Bridge or temporary Bridge as the repairing thereof fh-!i permit, and fuch Ferry lhall continue nil thcPaflage over the faid Bridge lhall be rendered fa‘e, [/>• y Per.']	«3	D	and

Flocds, fee. an O'cafiot-il F-riy may be f=t up.

*11.8	48“GEORGII III. Cap.6z.

and the fame Sums of Money (ball be payable as Tolls for a Paflage aerols the faid Bridge by the laid Ferry, as are hertin-before directed to be paid for a Paflage over the fnd Bridges, and (hall be levied, recovered, and applied in the lame Manner as the faid Tolls are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

T-vft-ei may IX1X. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it (hall be v^itn c nr!nt !aw^ul *or *ald Truftees and they are hereby empowered, at any Meet-Ciediior*. ing to be hulden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Twenty Days Norice, figned by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, frail be affixed on the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erefled by virtue of this A&, or upon the Door of the Parifh Church of Tewkejbury aforefaid, from Time to Time to lefien or reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by this Ad, for and during fuch Time as they the faid Truftees fhall think proper, and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforefaid, from Time to Time as they fball fee Occafion, to advance all or any of the Tolls fo leficned or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the feveral Rates granted by this A<5t : Provided neverihelefs, that when the whi L- M ney charged and borrowed on the Credit of this Ad (hall not have been paid or difeharged, the Tolls hereby granted fhall not be leffimed or reduced without the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five-fixth Parcs of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of this Ad.

Tolls may be 'XXX, And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for the faid ***•	Truffe s, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Fourteen

Days Notice being affixed on the Toll Gate or Turnpike that (hall be er-cted by virtue of this A£t or bv Adveitifement inferred in the Glou-cjt& J urnal and Glcucejier Herald, or either of them, if then publifhed and ii not then in fume other Newfpaper or Nrwfpapers publifhed in the faid County, to let or farm the Foils to be collided by virtue of this Ad, or ary Part or Parts thereof, to any Pcrfon 01 Pcrfons, at and for the largeft Yearly Sum that can be realonably gotten for the fame, provided that the Leales, Contradsor Agreements of or tor the fame be in Writing,> and be duly executed by the Prrion or Perfons taking or farming fuch Tolls, and alfo by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, but the fame fhall not be let for more than Three Years at any one time, and the Rent which fball be agreed to be paid for the faid Tolls fnali be made payable, and fball be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Truftees, fo that One Calendar Month’s Payment of fuch Rent fball always be in Advance, or fuf-iicient Security given for the Payment of fuch Rent to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees; or in default thereof every fuch Leafc, Contrad or Agreement fhall be null and void to all Inients, Purpofes, and Con-ftrudions whatfoever.

Lf ff-rs a Vex- XXXI. And be it further enaded, That during fuch Time as the faid b°y them nj^y Tolls or any Part or Fares thereof fhall be leafed, demifed, or in farm to cailfft the any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, it fball be lawful for the Leflee or lol,s*	Leflees,	Farmer or Farmeis thereof, or fuch other Pcrfon or Perfons 2S

he or they fball by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint to demand and take the faid Tolls fo leafed, demifed, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the faid Truftees or any Collector of the faid Tolls appointed by the faid Truftees, are or is hereby authorized

tIT$

4ft* GE ORGII III. Cap. 62.

j*i2ed and empowered ro dr-mind, take, and recover the fame; and fuch Lefifee or Lellees, Farmeror Farmers, or other Perfon or Perfons as afure-laid, lhall be lubje&to the lik Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and lhall he liable to the like A&tons and Profecutions as any Colle&or of the laid Tolls, appointed by the laid Truftec , is fubjedt or liable to.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That it lhall be lawful for the Cud Truftee- from f ine to Time to compound with any Perfon or Perlons for any Period of'Time not exceeding Five Years, for any Horfes, Bealls or Cattle, or any Waggon, Wain, Trolley, Carr, Dray, or other Carriage pairing over the Lid Bridge, for all or any or the Tolls to be paid in re pt61 thereof, and all fuch Compofition Money lhall be paid in advance. Quarterly or otherwife, as the faid Truftees lhall appoint; and in default thereof every luch Compofition lhall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes wnatfeever.

XXXIII.	And, for the more fpeedily railing fuch Money as may be nceffary for the Purpofes of.this Adi, be it further enadled, That it lhall beliwfol f r the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to bo row and take up at Interetl fticK Sum or Sums of Money as they lhall think necefiary, not exceeding the Sum of F*ve cftouLnd Pounds in the Whole, and by Writing under their Hands to affign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted or any Part there f, and the Toll Gites, Turnpikes, and T 11 Houfrs eredted or to be eredled by virrue of this A61 (the Charge* of :uch Alignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the la>d Tolls) as a Security for the Repayment of luch Sum or Sums of Money, wiih Intert ft for the fame, to the Perlonor Pe ions who (hall advance and lend fuch Money, his, her, or their Executors, Adminillrato s or Affigns, fuch lutcrcft to be paid and payable by equal Half-yearly Parents, at the Dwelling Houle of the Trcalurer of tne faid Trultees for the Time being, all which M .rt-gages or Aifignmems lhall be in the Words or to the Erffedt following y (rhac is to fay)

T> Y virtue of an Adi, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of

*	^ King George the Third [fet forth the Title of this Acl~\ We whole Names arc hereunto fubferibed and Seals affixed (being frultees adling in Execution of the faid Adi) in consideration of the Sum of

*	to	the	Trealurer	in Hand

paid by A. B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell and demife unto the faid A. B.	Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, fuch Propor-

] tion of the Tolls arifing by virtue of the laid Adi, and alio of the Toll ‘ Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Hbufes for colledling the fame, as the faid Sum of	Pounds	doth	or	fhall bear to the whole

Sum charged and advanced or to be charged and advanced on the Credit of the faid Adi; to be had and holden from this	Day

*	of	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

*	until	the Lid Sum of	Pounds	with Inte.

*	reft for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum

*	fhall be repaid and fatisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

c	Day of	in	the	Year	of our Lord

And Copies of all fuch Mortgages or Alignments lhall be entered in * 1 Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Clerks to the 3	faid

THftees may

c m pound tot lolls.

T uftecs may borrow Mo. ney.

Form of the Mortgage.

4^GE0£Gir III. "Cap. 62.

feid Truftees, and .^cfoBodk or Books (hall and may at ail feifonable 7 *- s be ne: ukd or mfptcted without Fee or Reward, and all Mortgages , mgnments which (hail be made in the Manner and Form aforefaid, i be good, valid, and efte&u&l to all Intents and Purpofes whacfoever, fnd all Perfons to whom any fuclv Mortgages or Aflignmehts fliall be. made as aforeiaid, or who.(h.all be entitled to the Money thereby refpec-tivciy fecured, may from Time to Time afiign and transfer the'feme Security or Securties, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Intereft to the P.incipal and Intereft: Money thereby •relpfdively fecured, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following ; (.hat is to lay),

*	T A. B* King entitled to the Sum of	Itcured

< to	Executors,	Adminiftrators,	and

« Afligus, by virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment bearing Date the

*	.	Day of,	under	the	Hands	and Seals

*	of	of	the Truftecs acting in the Execution

« of an A£t, ipad'e in the Forfy-eighth Year oi the Reign of King Gsorge

*	the Third, intituled, [fet forth ike '■title cf this Atf\ upon the Credit of

*	the faid A$,' do hereby transfer all my R ght and Title in and to the

, fame, and all the Principal and Inureft Money now due and owing % thereon, unto	Executors,	Admini-

, ltcatofs, and Afligns. Dated this,	Day	of

4 in the Ycai; of our. Lord	f

And every fuch Transfer (halli be produced and notified to the Clerk of the faid Tfuftees, within S<ix C&leftdar Months next after the Date thereof, and such Clerk fhall 'cattle an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Names, of the P■ rries and Sum of Money therein mentioned,' to be transferred in the faid Book or Books to be kept for entering the. laid original Mortgages or Afiigmuents to be made bv virtue of this Act, and for wllidpEn;ryuhd Clerk who (hall enter the fatne fliall be paid Five Shillings and no more; and after futh Entry made every fuch Transfer fliall entitle the P-.rfnn to whom the fame (hail be made, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aifig s to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon ; and after fuch Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforeiaid, it (hall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Perfons making fuch Transfer to make void, r 1 afe, or difeharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due or any P. rc thereof ; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers (hall be made as afore(aid, fliall be, in proportion to the Sums therein refpectively mentioned, Creditors on fuch Tolls, Toll Gates, Turnpikes and Toil Houles, in equal Degree one with another, and dial! have no Preference in refpect of the Priority of advancing any fuch Monies, or of the Dates 01 fuch' Mortgages or Alignments.

Application XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That out of the firft. Money arifing ar^theMii* 0: lo a'1,e ^ the Tolls which fliall be collected by virtue of this Acc to be b-r- * or out of the fir ft Money which (ball be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, rowed.	the f jd Truftees fliall in the firfl Place pay and defray the Coils, Charge?,.

and Expehces incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of uus Acr, and in repaying ail and every Sum and Sums of Money which

fliall

1121

48# GEORGII III. Cap.62.

{halt be advanced by any Perf.in or PeTons whomfoever, tc-gethet with lawful Intmft for the f.me, and alfo all C fb, Charges, and Expences in making the Surveys, Plans, and Eltimares of the faid Bridges •, and after Payment thereof, all the Money which (hall a rife or come to the Hands, Cuflody or Power of the laid Tiuftees or the.r Treafurer, by virtue or for the Purpt fes of this A£t, (hall from Time to Time be applied in cr ding the faid Turnpikes and Toll Jrloufcs, or in erecting the fa d temporary Bridge, or in repairing the prefent Bridge for the Purpofe of A tempotary B idge, and in ered ng the laid intended new Bridge and keeping the fame in Repair, and opening and making proper and convergent Avcnu s and Approaches to the laid Bridge at each End thereof, and‘in repairing the fa d Avenue called The Key Lane, and in defraying all < ther nrceffary Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Ad, n I in paying the Imereft of tne Principal Money foto be borrowed, and m otherwife carrying this Ad into Execution, and to or Erno other Ufe, Intent or Purpofe whaifoever.

XXXV. And it further enafbd, That for making proper Avenues, Approach's and Conveniences to the faid intended Bridge, and fot car-r ing the Puipo es of this Act inro Execution, it fliall be lawful lor the f id l>ult es to trrac, contract and agree with the Owner and Owners* Proprietors and Occupiers of and Pctfons interfiled in the feveral Houfes, Melfuages, or Tenement:., Buildings, Ground and Hceditaments, fittiate within the faid Borough herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay) one Mef« fuage or Tenement ficuate at the Top of the faid Lane, called The Key Lane, lardy the P.</perty of MichaelProtter Gentleman deceafed, but now of JJm Martin Gentleman, and Mmy his Wife, and in the Occupation of Edward Moore; a Bewhoule, the Property of the faid John Martin and Mary his VV’fr, and in the 0,cu: ation of the faid John Martin and Edward Moore \ a Building (uf-d as a Lumber Ro« m) the Property of the faid John Martin and Mary his Wife, and in their Occupation ; a Malthoufe, the Property of the fai 1 John Martin and Mary his Wife, and now or late in the Occupation of Robert Smith\ one other MeUuage or Tenement the Property of the faid John Martin and Mary his Wife, and now or late in the Occupation of Jofepb Tovey\ one ot^er Mcfluage or Tenement, the Property of the faid John Martin and Mary his Wile, now cr late in the Occupation of WiL ham Dvy \ one other MeUuage or Tenement, now or late the Property of Wiliam Moore Liquor Merchant, and now or late in the Occupation of Thomas Philips; one other MeUuage or Tenement, the Property of Hannah Mew Widow, and now or late in the Occupation of Charles Wilkes j one other Mcfluage or Tenement, the Pioperty of the faid William Moore* and now or late in the Occupation of William Price; a Storehoufe, belonging to the faid William Moore, and now or late in the Occupation of William Jordan.', another Storehoufe, the Property of William Martin, Samuel Barnes, and John Maccapen Barnes, or l’ome or one of them, and now or late in the Occupation of George Hammcrton and William Jordan ; another Sterch^ufe, belonging to the laid William Martin, Samuel Barnes .ami John Maccapen Baines, or lome or one of them, and now or late in the Occupation of John Moore; all which fain Mefiuages or Tenements and Buildings, are lituate on the South Side of the faid Lane called The Key Lane \ and alio another MeUuage or Tenemenr, now or late the Property of John Palin, and in his own Occupation, fituate on or near the South Side of the faid... Bridge called The Key Bridge, for the Purchafe of the faid [Loc. Per."]	E	Mefiuages^

Power to pur- «

cl. fr certain Building*.

1122

48* GEORG II Ilf -Cap.62.

M (TiJ 'ges, Tenement?, Biddings*, and Premies; and tfie Ground whereon the !ane fhnd ami are fit date, and alio for all D/m.lge cccafioned by Co-porri- tcik g down any fuch Buildings; and it fthffl’Be lawful for all Bodies p'w-eu S*"	Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sol Tenants

treat.	for	Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or fur1 Years determinable on

any Life 01 Live?, and all Feoffees in T uft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Hufbinds, and all 6;her Truftees whomfbever, for and on B half of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Ceftuique Trufts, Idiots, Lunatics', or other Perfons under any Difabtlicy of acting for themfelves, a d for all and every Perfon and Per-lons who are or (hall be Fifed, poffeffed of or interefted in the laid Mef-fuages, Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments, to ire.it and agree with the faiu Truftees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Imertft rherein, and to convey the lame to the faiu Truftees for the Pur-pofes of er ding the faij Bridge, and the Toll Houfes, Toll Gates, Weighing Machine, Woiks and Convcr.iencies thereto, and of making the Avenues and Approaches to the laid Biidge; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which (hall be lo made, (hill be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes' wbatioever, any Law, Ufage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywifc not-vvirhltanding; and all fuch Tenants for Life, or in Fee Ta 1 General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Truft, Executi**, Adrriiniftrafors, GuardLns, Committees, Hufbands and Truftees, Bodies Pol‘tic. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and offier Perfons, are or fhall be indemnified for what they fhali do by virtue and in purfuance of this Act.

licence.

XXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of or other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any of the Lid Mcf-fuages, Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or which fliall be injured or damaged by the laid Truftees, or any Perfon or Perfons a&ing by or under the Authority of the Lid Truftees, in carrying this Aft into Execution, or any fuch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Hufbands, Committees or other Truftees, Upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any fuch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in PofTeffion of the Premifes, figned by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, fhall, for the Space of Twenty-one Days next afceriuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negltft or refute to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by teafon of Abtence or otherwife fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the fa d Truftees rocaufe it to be inquired into and afcertair.ed, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Glouelfer (which Oaths the faid Truftees or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to adminifter) what Damage will be fuftained by, and ■what Recompcnce and Sati fadion fhall be made to fuch Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Perfon or Peifons interefted, for or on Account of the taking or ufing of fuch Meffuages, Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purpofes of this Adt, and in order thereto the faid Truftees or any Two or mure of them are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to fummon and call before them all and every Perfon or Perlons whofliall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Wicnefs

-6	i	j	&

48° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 62.	1123

or WwiefTes, couching or concerning «he P.emTs, and fliall examine futh ;

Witrefj. or Witnelies beiorethe laid Jury upon Oath (which Oath the faid Trufte* s or ary Two or more of them are hereby op poured and required to admin titer.) and they fliall order and caufc the laid Jury to view the Place in quefticn, and ule all other lawful Ways and Me m-, as well for (heir own a for the faid Jury* I formation in the Piemifcs ; and after the laid Jury (h 11 have fo ascertained and leafed fut h Damages and Rrcom pence, they the laid Tiultees fliall thereupon oidcr, adjudge ami uete'n-ine the Sum or Sums of Money fo a IT-fled by the faid J .rv, to he paid ro the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the faid Mdfuages, Houle-, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Perfos interfiled therein, according to the Vcrdid or lnquifioon of the Did Jury ; wnich laid Vcrdift or Inquifi-tion and Judgement, Order or Determination fo had or made, Ihall be final, binding and conclufive to all Inrents and Purpof s whatfoever, againft all Parties and Perfons claiming in Poffefiion, Rcverfion, Remainder or • otter wife; and all and every luch Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers ami Perfons anyways interefted in fuch McfTuages, Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Pur-pofes diverted of all Right, Title, C aim, In'errft or Property of, in, to or out of ,-tne fame-, and upon Payment of the Money fo affeffed to the re-fprtflivePe fons entitled thereto or their Agents, or (in cafe of Refufjl to acopc fuch Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England in Manner by this Adi directed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees to caufe the Premifes in refpcdl whereof fuch Money lliall be afltffcd to be d fp f d of, and fuch Ails to be done thereto as if thePurchafe thereof had b. en agreed upon and completed, and the laid refpedtive Premifes un-tcn^nicd, and the Pn'Chafe or Confideration Money had be.-n received by the P rfon or Perions entitled thereto; and for fummoning and returning any luch Jury, the Did Truftees are heieby empowered to iffue out their Warrantor Warrants., figned by any two or more of them, t6 the Sheriff of the laid County d.G!oiicefter> thereby commanding and requiring him to mi panne I, fummnn, and rtt'urn an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons, to appear before the faid Truftees at fuch Time and Place as in fgch Warrant fhall be appointed, and luch Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and afe hereby required thereupon to impannel, fummon and return fuch Twenty-four PerL-ns accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo impannelled, lumrrroned and returned, or out of fuch ot them as fliall appear according to or upon fuch Summons, the faid Truftees fhall fwear or caufe to be fwomTweive Perfons, who fhail be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and.in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, or his D -puty or Deputies, lliall return other honell and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be fpeedily procured or fummoned to attend tut Set vice, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Per- jurors may be Ions concerned Avail have their lawful Challenges againft any of the Jury- challenged, men to be fummooed in purluance of this Acl, in luch and the like Manner, as any P .rtv in any Adlion depending in any of His M jelly's Courts of Record at IViJlminjler^ is or fliall be by Law entitled to; arid the faid Trurt:es a-e hereby empowered to impefeany reafonab.'e Fine or Fines on Negleiuif °r fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Depu ies, who fnall make Default in the Duty, pretpifes, and alfo on any of the Perfons who fliall be fummoned and rerurned to Live on fuch Jury, an^J lte.ll not appear, or after having ap,;. aed itedl refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or having been i'woru lhall rclufe to give or Ihdl not give his or their Verdidt on the

Matter

112 +

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Matter in qurftijn, or (hall in any other Manner wilfully neglect b:s or their Duty therein, and on any of the Perfons who bein? fummoned or Ttq'fired to give Evidence before the faid Jury touchingtne Premif s. (hall neglect or rerufe to appear, or refufe to be fworn or be ex mined or g ve Evidence touching the fame, but no fuch Fine fhall exceed Ten Pound* upon any one Perlon for one Offence.

Owner* rf I.and ufed in making a n w Road, to have th» fi;lt Offrrof ths old Road.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it era&ed, That wherever the Courfc of any Road lhall be altered by thi> A&, and a new Road opened and made in and upon rhe adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchafe of fuch old Road (hall be frft made to the Owner of fuch adjoining Laud, wh ch fh.tll be cut and ufed for the Purpofe of making fuch new Road; and in cafe fuch Owner (hc.ll be defirous of becoming the Purchafer of fuch old Road, and cannot agree with the faid Trufte'S for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the lame, and futh Owner (hall (till be defirous of becoming th--Purchafer thereof, then and in fuch Cafe the Va'uethe’eof (hall be lettled and afeemined by a Jury, in luch and the litce Manner as the P/ice for any Land to be taken in pu-fuance of this Ad is direCled to be fettled and afeertained in and by this Act, and luch Owner (hail be deemed the Purchafer thereof, at the Sum to be afeertained by a Jury to the Value thereof; and in cafe fuch Owner (hall refufe to pay fuch Money upon Demand made thereof, by the Treafurer or Ci<-<k to the faid Truftees, and Tender of the Conveyance of fuch old Road, the fame (hall and may be recovered by the laid Truftees by A£tion of D; be in any of His Maj\-fty*s Courts ot Record j and in cafe any fuch Owner (h ill not agree or (hall refufe to purchafe any fuch old Road, it fhali and may be lawful to and for any Pcrfon or Perfons (not i iterelied in ihe Pretnifes) to make an Affidavit, to be fworn before a Matter Exrraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefty’s Jullice.s of the Peace for the County or Place where fuch old Road (hall he, dating that fuch Offer has been made by or on Behaif of the faid Trultces, and that fuch Owner has not agreed or has refufed to purchafe fuch old R ad, as the Cafe may be, and luch Affidavit (hall in all Courts whatfoever De fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made, and not agreed to or refufed by fuch Owner: Provided neverthelefs, that if the Lands of Two or more Perfons (hall be taken for any fuch new Road as afore, faid, each and every fuch Owner (hall be entitled to the firft Offer of fo much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Lands refpectively, in Manner aforefaid : Provided aifo, that if fuch Owner or Owners refpe&iveiy (hall be willing and confent to take fuch old Road in Exchange for fuch new Road, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are heieby required to affure the fame to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons, by entering the lame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Ent y thereof, figned by any Five or more of the faid T. t (lees, wnich Copy lhall be a good and valid Title to the lame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

By whom Ex- XXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any fuch Jury (hall UCtoi£lhC &IVC 'n °r de* ver a VerJift or Affeffment lor more Money than (hail by paid. U or on Behalf of the faid Truftees have been offered before the fummouing and returning fuch Jury, as a Recompence or Saiisfa&ion for any fuch Mcffuagrs, H-ufes, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchalcd as aforefaid, or for any fuch Right, Intcreft, or Property or Damage as

aforefaid

1125

48<rGET)RGII III. Cap. 62.

aforefaid, or for !ef$ Money than fhall have bren offered to be accepted or taken by or r*n Behalf of the laid Trulires, as the Purchafe Money for any luch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every luch Caff the Colb and Charges of fummoning and returning the Jury and WuncfT s (b 11 be borne and paid by the faid Truftees out of the Money anting by vique of this Aft; but if any Jur/fhall give in and deliver a Veidict or AflVfl-mein for no more or for lei’s Money than fhall by or on Behalf < f the faid Truftees have been offered before the fummoning and returning luch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Meffuages, Houfes, i enc-ments or Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforcluid, or lor any luch Right, Irttereft or Property, or Damage as aforefaid, or for the lame or anv more Money than lhall have been offered to be accepted or taa.cn as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Colts and Charges of fummonina and returning the faid Juiy and Witneffes (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perlons with whom fuch Truftees fhall have any Controverfy or Difpure, which faid C fts and Expences fhall be af ertained and f.-ttled by fome Juftke of the Peace, not intcrefted in the Matter in queftion (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and fettle the fame) arid mall and may be deducted out of the Money fo affeffed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of luch Monies lhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo a defied and adjudged, or otherwise fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid on Demand after being fo ascertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the faid Truftees by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Foifeitures incurred by this Adi* Provided always, that in all Tmf Cafes where any P rfon or Pe/fons fhall by reafon of Abfcnce have been JJJe. prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, fuch Cofts and Expen- ions ces lhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in manner aforefaid. JjJJJ*

XXXIX And be it further ena&ed, That nothing herein contained h lhall extend or be conftrued to extend lb as to enable the faid Truftees to n0 take, u!e, injure or damage any Dwelling Houfe or other Buddings, or rt< any Garden, Oichard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a H uf , without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, fave and except the feveral Meti'uages, Tenements, Houles, Scorehoules, Buildings, Hereditaments and Premifes hereinbefore particu.arly defenbed.

"iting.

iTes, Sec. c to be inju-

XL. And be it further enabled. That if any Money lhall be paid or Applicationcf agreed orawardedto bepaid for the Purchafe of any fuchMetiuages, Houfes, ^l‘pe"latloa Tenements or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by vir-tue of |u2tn ‘ns the Powers of this Adi for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Bodv P li io. Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull,

Executor, Adminiftrator, Hulband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truflce for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Ferpe Covert, or ether CeJluque Trull, or to any Pet ion v. h ie Melluages, Houfes, Tenements, < r Hereditaments arc limited in fir cl or other Settlement, or to anv Perfon under anv other Dliability or Incapacity whotfoever, fuch Money lhall in cafe the fame lhail amount, to the Sum of Twohundnd Pounds, with all o nvcn&nt Speed fcepaid-into the Bank of England> in the [LoC.'tf P.r.-\	J	3	F	Name

I t 26	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Name and with the Piivity of rhe Accountant General of the High Couft c t Chancery, o be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trultees tor execut ng this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money Hull be applied, under the Diieuion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by a/-1 Order nude upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, b the Per (on or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Pr fits of the laid MelTuages, Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditament, in t e Purchafe or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Difcharge of any Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the laid Court Hull authorize to be paid, affe&ing the fame MelTuages, Houfes, Tenement-', or Hereuiiaments, or affc&ing other Mcfiujges, Hou' s, Tenement or H reditaments, (landing fettled therewith to the lame or the like UlVs, Interns or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (lull not be fo applied, ihen the fame (hall be laid out and invefted, under like L).red on and Approbation of the faid Courr, in the Purchafe of other Mefiuages, H ufes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, (or, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents an i Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Meffuages, Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, ft.jod fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking 1 ff d; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the fad Court upon Application thereto, be inv- (led by the fa d Accountant General in his Name m the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced B«nk Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Couit to be fold for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (ball from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Pcrfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been ent tied to the Rents and Profits of the faid Mcffuages, Houfes, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby dire&ed to be purchafed, by virtue of this Act, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

A iiaeion XLI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money fo ct comp n-	agreed or awarded to be paid for any Mefiuagcs, Houfes,Tenements cr Here-

ih *n VoolfS di can't nts, puichaled, taken, or ufed for thcPurpofcs aforefaid, anebeionging and exceeding to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any D:f bility or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the lame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Mef-fu g s, II u ts, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or uled, or of his, he, or their Guardian orjGuardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-(p dive Hands, be pad into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the P.ivity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before d r-dted, or other wife the lame (hall be paid at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making luch Option, and approved of by Three cr more of the Truftees fur executing this Ad, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to he fignified in Writing under the Hands of tbe nominating and approving Parties)'

in

1127

48* GEORGII III. Cap.62.

in Order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing there-i'om may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, fo Jar as the Calc he applicable, w thout obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Appiobation of the Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That where fuch Money fo Application agreed or awaded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be le.'s j/t;„n7fPief* tlLn Twenty Pounds, then and in all luch Cafes the fame (hall be applied than acl/ to the Ule of the Pcrfon or Perfns who would for the Time being have be n entitled ro the Kents and Profits of th ■ M lfuage^, Houfts, Tenements, oi Hereditaments lo purchafed, taken or uled for thePurpoles of this A<ft, in luth Manner as the faid Trufiees (hall chirk fit; or in cafe of Infancy,

Idiotcy or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians Committee or Committees, and to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuel* Pcrfon or Perfons lo entitled rcfpectively.

XI,111. And be it further enafled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to M e.ife ofnot whom any Sum or Sums of Money (ha l be awatded for the Purchafe of	out

any M< Ullages, Houfes, Tenemei ts or Hereditaments, to be puichafed by or ifpeifont viitue of this A£t, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or lhall r.ot be abl- to cannot peur make a.good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaction of the Lid T iftees, chafe Mon y or in cafe lu.h Peifcn or Perlons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of’ Money ! fhall be lo awarded as aforefud cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Per- ,QC in * fons entitled to fich M (Tuagrs, Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or dilcovcrrd, then and in tvery fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the L d Truftees, to order th f id Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with th-- Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancer , to be placed to his A-count, to the Credit of the Parties inteieftcd in the (an, M f:"u >ges, H ufes, Tenements or Hereditaments [Jg-fir iking /brm] fubjed to meOrUer, Cuntroul and Dif, ofiticn of the faid Court subieft to the of Ch .11 ery,.which faid Court of Chancery on the Application of any Pcrlon Older of the or Perfons making cl «im to (uch Sum or Sums of M »ney, or any Pait there* chancery o» of, by Motion or Petition, fhall be °nd is hereby empowe-cd in a fummary Mo ion or Way of Proceeding, or otherwile as to the lame Court fhali feem meer, to Pctici°n. ort er the fame to b^ laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftributiun ^hereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the tclpedlive Eftates, Title o Inn reft, of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other O der in the P rmif s as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Caflver or Caftvers of the B^nk of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required 10 give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, (mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are receivedJ tofuchPerlon or Perfons as (hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That where anyQuek Rejecting tion lhall arife touching the Tide of any P.rfon to any Money to be paid into i!frj'ueJ the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- ‘tc8> countant G neral of th^* Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Pu clufe of any M (Tuagts, H. ulf s. Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, light, or I tereil in any Mefiuages, Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of this Act, or to any

Bank

J12S

4Sb GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Bank AnnVut'es to be purchafed with any finch Money, or the Dividends xv lntereft t,f any foe It Bank. Annuities the Per Ion or Perfons who Hi all have been m P* fT .Tion of loch M flu ges, Hi ufes, Tenements or Hereditaments, ar the Time of fuch Pmcbale, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perl. 1 or P tfors, or under the Poflt flion of fuch Perlon or Pci Ions, fhall be deem-, d and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fnch M-fill ages, Houles, rJVnr men's or Hereditaments, according to fuch PoiTefiion, until the contrary ill 11 he fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intend of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch M ney, a- d alfo the Capital ot fuch Bi kAnnuities, (hall be paid, applied, and d fpofed of accordingly, unlcfs it fhall be made appear ro the faid Court that fuch PofTefiion was a wrongful Poffrffion, and that fome Other Prrloh cr Perfons wascr were lawfully enc tl d to fuch Lands, Tenements, Or Hereditaments, or to fume Eltute or Intc eft therein.

Th C'-urt XI. V. Provided alfo, and br it further enafted, That where by reafon of i/.*? ,ltJry any DiCou.ty or I capacity cf ihe Perfon or Perfons, or Curporation *-:»oua.>ie entitled to any M.dluages, Houfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, to l^iiTestu be purchafert under the Authority of this Act, the Purchafe Money for W p.iid	»>y	the fame (hail be required to be pai I in:o the Court of Chancery, and to be

thi Irufttej.	appueci m the Purih ft of o h r Mefluages, Hou'cs, Tenements or Here-

ditaments, to be fettled to the like Ul’es in putfuat ce of this Ad, it fhall be lawful for the find C urt of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in puduance of this Ad, or fo much of 1 he Expences as the laid Court fliall deem rcalonable, to be paid by the faid Tubers out of the Monies to be re<eived by virtue of this Ad, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Puipolcs as the faid Court fhall dired.

XLVI. And be it further eroded. That it (hall be lawful for the Sur-rep-fr *	° veyor or Surveyors of the laid Bridges, and to and for all fuch Perfons as

Br dges and he or they (hall refpedively appoint, to fe .rch for, dig, get, gather and R„ads. take away any Stone, Furze, Heath, Beach, Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Maceri us for making or repairing the faid B idges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, out of cr from any Common or Wafte Ground, River or Brook, within the faid Parifh of Tewkejbury, or in any adjacent Parih, Townfhip, Hamlet, Divifmn, Diftrid cr Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors or other Perfon or Pei Ions ading by his or their Appointment, fi ling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, cr Hoping down the Banks where fuch Materials fhall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits or Quarries fo that the fame may not be dangerous to P.diengers or Cattle, and aifo that fuch Surveyor or other Perfons as aforefud may, by Order of the faid Tru(lees (fuch Order to be made at fome Meeting of the laid Truftees to be holden in purfuance of this Ad, and a Copy thereof to be given to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, attefled and figned by the Clerk to the faid Truflees) fearch for, cur, dig, get, gather and take away any fnch Materir.ls as aforelaid, in, off, from and out of the private Lands, Fields or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfcns (where the fame may be had or found) fuch Lands, Firlds or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Avenue to a Houle, or any Piece of Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurlery for Trees, making or tendering fuch SaciTrc-tion as well for the Stone or other Materials to be difig,' gotten, gathered 0	and

1*29

48°GE0RGII III. Cap. 62.

and carried away as for the Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Grounds where and from whence the fame fhall be cur, dug, gotten, gathered and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the laid Bridges, Avenue?, or Approaches, lhall be carried, according to their refpeClive Rights and Interefts in fuch Ground, as the laid Truftees fhall judge realonable; and in cafe of any Difference between the Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons employed as aforefaid, and the faid Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning fuch Damages, it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Juft ices of the Peace of the faid Borough of 'Tewhf-bury, or of the County or Place where fuch Materials lhall be fo cut, dug, gotten, gatheied, taken and carried away, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their refperftive Places of Abode, to hear, fettle and determine the Matters of Rich Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the faid Juf-tices lhall be final and conclufive to all Parties.

XLVn. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled, That it lhall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Perfon or Perfons acting under the Authority of this A£t, to dig, gather, get, take or carry away Materials for repairing fuch Bridges, Avenues or Approaches, or any of them, out of or from any inclofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing figned by the Surveyor lhall have been given to the Occupier of the Pre-mifes from which fuch Materials are intended tc be taken, or left for fuch Occupier at his ufual Place of Refidence, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Two or more Juftices of the Peace acting for the faid Borough, or for the County or Place where fuchPiemifts lhall lie, to (hew Caufe why fuch Materials lhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in cafe fuch Occupier or his Agent lhall attend purfuant to luch Notice, but lhall not Ihew fufficient Caufe to the contrary, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices lhall and may authorize fuch Surveyor or other Perfon or Perfons to dig, get, gather and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to the faid Truftees or Juftices lhall feem proper ; and if fuch Occupier lhall neglect or refufe to appear by him-felf or his Agent, purfuant to fuch Notice, the faid Truftees or Juftices lhall and may make fuch Order therein as they refpe&ively lhall think fir, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if luch Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall at any Time obftruCt, hinder, or moleft the faid Truftees, or any Surveyor or other Officer, Workman or Peifon whotnfoever, employed by virtue of this ACt in the Performance or Execution of their or his Duty, every fuch Peifon fo offending lhall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if 2ny Perfon or Perfons whomfoever lhall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials laid upon the laid Bridges, or upon the Avenues or Approaches thereto, or upon any Part thereof, for the making or repairing thereof, without the Order of the faid Truftees or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpole; or if any Peifon or Pcrlons whomfoever (hall take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials which fhall have been dug or gathered [Lee. & Per.-]	13	G	by

Nolice to be

Occupiers of mdoied Lands before Materials taken.

ohftruf.tim?

Woikmen,

Jcc.

Penalty on taking away Materials gat by Surveyors.

1130

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap.-62.

by or by the Older of the faid Truftees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors* in any Lands, Field', Waites or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Pur* pofe of making or amending the faid Bridges, Avenues and Approaches* or any Part or Parts thereof, or (hall get or take	away any Stones or Gra-*

vd or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which	fhall have been made for

the Purpcfe of getting fuch Materials for making or amending the faid Bridges, Avenues and Approaches, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, fhall have dif-continued working therein for die Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Grounds, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Ufe only and not for Sale) every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding five Pounds.

Penalty on L. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wil-fnj'tir^ng the bjlly blow up, pull down or deftroy the prefent	Bridge or the faid tempo-

Bridge."	rary Bridge, or the faid new Bridge or any Pier	or Piers, Arch or A rches

thereof, or ahy Part or Parts thereof, or the Toll Houfes or Toll Gates, Side Bars or Chains erected or let up or to be erected or fet up upon or near the laid Bridges, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings or Erections made in purfuance of this Act, or caufe or procure or direft the fame to be done, every Perfon fo offending on being convicted thereof fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom fuch Per-fon fhall be tried and convicted, fhall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be tranlported for the Term of Seven Years, or nuy in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment pronounce fuch Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

To prerent LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall br'i'd'es^ *he break, throw down, injure, deftroy, obliterate or deface any Table of t.'wmgSBoats Tolls or Poft ere&ed on any or either of the faid Bridges, or on any of wiihai.ine^ the Avenues or Approaches thereto, or any of the Letters, Figures or % ci.oi., c. j^arjcs painted or inferibed thereon; or if any Perfon or Perfons lhali, by or with any Line upon the faid prefent Bridge, or of the faid new Bridge or temporary Bridge, or any or either of them, tow any Trow, Barge, Boat or other Veffel through any of the faid Arches thereof, or fhall lalh or make faft any Cord, Rope or Cable to the Balluftrades, Cornice or any other Part of the faid Bridges, or any or either of them, for the Pur-pofe of mooring or ftaying any Trow, Barge, Boat or other Veftel, or fhall moor, ftay or fallen or caufe or procure to be moored, flayed or faftened any Trow, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, fo as to beat againfi: or (trike the faid Bridges or any or either of them, on either Side thereof, without the Confent of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands hrft had and obtained, or fhall wilfully or negligently drive or wheel any Carriage or Barrow, or drive or ride any Horfe upon the Foot Pavement of the faid Bridges or any or either of them, or on the Foot Pavement of any of the Avenues leading to the fame refpe&ivdy, every Perfon offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Oftence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

penalty for LII. And be it further enabled,- That if any Perfon (hall haul or draw «irawing Tim- or caufe t0 be haulc(j or drawn upon anv Part of the laid Bridge or

J*rr or Stone	1	'	?

onibcB:i‘'ge,	Bridges,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.	1131

Bridges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, any Tree or Piece of otherwife Timber or any Stone, otherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage, or fhali whUi car-fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which (hall be conveyed riagt* upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of fuch Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, to the Prejudice thereof refpedively, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Oifence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall For prevent, wilfully or negligently injure, deftroy or otherwife damage, or fliall ride or ingAnnoy-drive or lead any Horfe, Beaft, Cattle or Carriage, over or upon any 1 Footpath or Caufeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the faid Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto 5 or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage fhall wilfully or care-lefsly break or damage any of the Polls or Stones which may be ereded for the Security of the faid Footpaths or Caufeways \ or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall fcrapeoffany Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which fhall be or lie upon any Parc of the faid Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, with any Inflrument, fo as to damage the faid Bridge or Bridges or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, or any Part thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow or other Implement of Hufbandry (without fome reafonable Caufe to be allowed by the Juflice before whom the Perfon fo offending fhall be fummoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to fuch Waggon, Wain, and Cart or other Carriage, during fuch reafonable Time as the fame fliall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near the Side of the faid Avenues or Approaches as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Side of the faid Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, either v/ith or without any Horfe or Beaft harneffed or yoked thereto; or fhall lay any Timber, Wood or Bufhes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw,

Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbifh or other Annoyance whatfoever, upon any Part of the faid Bridge or Bridges, or the Avenues or Approaches thereto, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof or Annoyance of any Perfon travelling thereon, every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied for the Purpofes of this A d.

LIV. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of oid Bridge this Ad, the faid Bridge called The Key Bridge, and all the Stones, Tim- veiled in the ber. Iron and Materials of which the fame is conftruded or builr, fhall r‘ull'Ca‘ belong to and be the Property of, and is and are veiled in the faid Truftecs; and it fnall be lawful for the faid 'I'ruftees to bring or caufe to be brought any Adion or Adions, or dired the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indidment (as the Cafe may require) againfl any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fteal, take, or carry away, fpoil, injure or deflroy the faid Bridge, or the Stones, Timber, Iron and other Materials thereof, hereby veiled in them as aforefaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all fuch Adions and Bills of Indidment, it fhall be fufficient to Hate generally that the faid Bridge, Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which fuch Adion or Adions fhall be brought, or Bill or Bills cf Indidment fliall be preferred, is or are the Property of the 1	Truflees

a84GEORGII III. Cap. 6a.

Traftees for building a Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Tezvkejbury> without particularly Hating or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any of the faid Trullees; and when and fo foon as fuch temporary Bridge or new Bridge fliall be built and erefted as aforefaid, and the fame fliall be fife and convenient for the Pafiage of Horfes, Cattle and Carriages, and any Toll fliall be demanded or taken for pafling over fuch temporary or new Bridge by virtue of this Aft, the faid Truftees fliall and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to take down and remove the laid old Bridge and the Piers thereof, and to fell and difpofe of the Stones, Timber, Iron and other Materials thereof, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Manner as they the faid Truftees fliail think proper, and the Monies arifing by fuch Sale fliall be applied and difpofed of for the feverai Purpofes of thi6 Aft.

Tolls toccafe. LV. And be it further enafted, That as foon as the feverai Purpofes of this Ad fliall be carried into Execution, and the Principal Money and Interell borrowed and fecured upon the Credit thereof, be repaid and fatisfied, then and from thenceforth all the Tolls hereby impofed fliall abfolutely ceafe and determine ; and the faid new intended Bridge, and the Avenues and Approaches leading thereto, fliall for ever thereafter be repaired and kept in Repair by fuch Perfon or Perfons as fliall by Law be liable to repair the fame.

II32

When new bridge buil>, oid one to he taken down.

Actions robe LVI. And be it further enacted,That whenever any Aftion fliall be the Nameof brought by the Order of the faid Trullees againlt any Perfon or Perfons the 1 rcafurer by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, the fame may be brought in the or Clerks or Name or Names ot their Treafurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one one ru. tc. ^ ^ Truflees on behalf of the faid Truftees ; and no fuch Aftion fliall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whofe Name the fame fliall be brought; but no fuch Treafurer, Cierk or Truf-tee, or any or either of them, fliall be fubjeft to the Payment of any Coils or Expences on account thereof, but all fuch Colls and Expences fliall be defrayed out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Aft.

sr to	LVII. And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againll this Aft may be

MUpe"r-	tranfient Perfons unknown to the Colleftors, Surveyors or other Officers

ct.iiTy of employed under this Aft; be it therefore enafted, That it fliall and may lctS- be lawful to and for the faid Colleftors, Surveyors or other Officers ref-peftively, to feize and detain any fuch unknown Perfon or Perfons guilty of any O.Tence againll this Aft, and forthwith to convey him, her, or Them before any juftice or Jullices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where any fuch Offence or Offences fliall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Aft for fo doing.

Tecovery and LVIII. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by ArpVicatiort vjrtue 0f this Aft, or by virtue of the Powers thereof impofed (the Man-0 1	ner	0f ievying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly

direfted) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for che County, City or Place where fuch Offender or Offenders Ihallbe orrefide (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeflion of theParty, or upon the Evidence of any credible Wimefs upon Oath) and the Overplus (If any)

48° GEORGII III. Cap.bz.	*133

bf the Money a'ifing by fuch Dillrefs and Sale fhall be returned upon .Demand to rhe Owner of fuch Good'; and Chattels, after deducing the Cods and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Diftrefs, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be other wife applied) {hall be paid to the Treafurer to the laid Tru flees; to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Act; and in cafe fufficieht Diflrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties or Forfeitures lhall not be paid forthwithj it {hall be lawful for fuch Juflice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correflion of the County, City or Place where fuch Offender fhall be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof fhall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied : Provided always, that when the Tolls by this A& made payable fhall ceafe, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Aet; fuch Penalties and Forfeitures or Parts thereof as are hereby directed to be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Truftees, fhall go and be paid to the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who by Law will then be liable to repair the faid Bridge.	■

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Convict tion fhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againfl this Act, or againfl any Order of Selfions,, or any Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, the Form of Conviction fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to fay),

*	T>E it remembered, that on this	Day cf Form of Can*

*	in the	Year	of	the	Reign	of	viaia:I*

c A. Bi is convicted before	of	His	Majefly’s Juflices

‘ of the Peace for the	of having jW th's

*	Offence Jhall be] and I [or, We] the faid

*	do" adjudge hint [[her cr, them[j to forfeit and pay for the fame the

*	Sum of	Given	under	my	Hand	and

6	Seal [cr, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year afebefaid.*

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfohs Appeal, fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or thetnfelves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in pnrfuance of this A£t, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juflices of the. Peace, at the lirfl General or Quarter Sefii >ns of the Peace to be holdcn for the County or Place within which the Matter of Appeal fhall arife next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time fuch' Matter of Appeal (hall have arifen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having fir ft given Ten Days Notice at lead of his or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof, to the Treafurer or Clerk to" the faid Truflees, and within Fourteen Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before forne Jufiice of the Peace for fuch County ot Place, with Two fumcient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order and Aw rd of the faid Court thereon ; and the faid Juflices at fuch Sefii6ns, upon due Proof of fuch Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are‘ hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of l'adi Appeal in a fummary Wav, and to make fuch*Determination the.ein, and [Lou &Ptr:]	13	H—I	to

/

>134	48°GEORGII III. Cap, 62.

to award fiich Coffs to either of the Parties, or otherwife as they /hall judge proper, and the faid Juftices may alfo order fuch further Satisfadion to be made to the Party injured as they/ha I judge reafonable; and all fuch Determinations of the faid Juftices iha 1 be final, binding and conciu-five to all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

LXI. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That in cafe the Bailiffs, Bur-geffes and Commonalty of the faid Borough of Tewkejbury /hall be in ar.y-\vife interefted in their Corporate Capacity in any Caufe of Complaint* for any Thing done or which ought to have been done by them in pur-fuance of this Ad, fuch Appeal /hall be made to the Juftices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the County of Gloucejier, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and to award fuch Cofts as fuch Juftices /hall think proper ; and their Determination /hall be final and conciufive, and /hall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjier.

Biftrefs not LXII. And be it further enabled, That when any Diftrefs /hall be made unlawful for for any Sum cf Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, the Diftrefs want of form,	jka|j nof ^ deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the

fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defed or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor /hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that /hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity /hall and may recover full Satisfadion for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

Proceedings LXIII. And be it further enaded. That no Order, Verdid, Affeffment, not to be Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning the Con-w"ntcf Form v^‘on any Offender or Offenders againft this Ad, /hall be quafhed or nor removable vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, by certiorari. or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjier ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Adion to be commenced againft any Perfon for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendanr or Defendants Fourteen Days before fuch Adion /hall be commenced, of fuch intended Adion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Adion , nor /hall the Plaintiff recover in any fuch Adion if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to nis, her or their Attorney or Attornies, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Adion, by Leave of the Court, after fuch Adion fhall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, /he or they /hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order and Judgment 7	Jhall

plaintiff not

without Notice, norafter Tender of Amends.

ffth* Corporation f 'J ewkefbury intci cited in their Corporate Capacity, appeal, to bs to bounty Sef-

U25

48u GEORG II III. Cap. 62.

(hall be made and given in and by fuch Court as in other Adions whefre the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enabled. That no Adion or Suit (hill Limitation o€ be commenced againlt any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pur- Ac£,onfi* fuanceof this Aft, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ; and every fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County where the Caufe of Adion (hall arife, and not elfe-where; and it any fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice (hall have been given, or after a fufficient Sathfadion made or tendered as afotefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing th* fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as afore-laid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonluited, or difeontinue his, her or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Cods, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Colli of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXVI. And be it further enafled. That nothing in this Ad contained ^‘hntf (hall prejudice or leffen the Rights, or tend or be conftrued to defeat coi-peration. or abridge the Bailiffs, Burgeffes and Commonalty of the laid Borough of Tewkejbury of any Tolls, Cuftoms or Duties, which they are entitled unto by Charter, Prefcription or otherwife.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enaded. That it fhall not be lawful No Toll tobt to and for the laid Bailiffs, Burgeffes, and Commonalty, to demand and take ^po^aVon* or caufe to be demanded and taken any Toll or Tolls for the Paffage of dm mg any any Horfes, Cattle or Carriages paffing over the faid Bridge, for and vinuc'l^ihi* during fuch Time as any Toll or Tolls fhall be demanded and taken for Act. the Paffage of any fuch Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, by virtue of this Ad$ any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.

LXVI1I. And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be deemed and Public Ac* taken to be a Public Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juficices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahai*, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majelly. 1808*

jju	.?•}	.04I:

* :\v 'fch 1 ,l;n r\ . " ^

u. ,	
!!*& llt S to cc rl ‘	•
-mani ;mb IT 'tv. . .	
-..•.I. ■■...•? . .■ ■ . : ! \l .	
.-'i* ,.•:«» tit	i R- -
1 -.a- . r .	
r .. :<	
i.-s... j^-. i • . , *5	

i ■’ -4 'iflfcj V ■' : t

c u

-T.*	'

/'-'!• 1 ., 3 t : :	,	.

■

-

:> I. .tic.: u t c .	■	•■;'•'----------- ‘	*k	«••



•■ • *■

. :: „.Ij

M



: U A wii



t* til Rc'I cM	sd	!*:	'	-T,,'	•'	T	«

Tu.V'.,’	>	:	'■	- • !>(!.'.

vmi-tmb :■> vjl.1 i.'l atil 1 JRiti;. . .'Sri >. .\.r. '1: '

,

nrfst ...:s ‘'Hi*'	I	I	:	:

y. .. <JlU2lJ ft .1/	'

<	I-.:,	v	’

• i-

.	■	'	:	.	.	:	•	d

... 'r .

.io-L	:

• >; ? j

Him?

' A:'-

i- *1

..^.1 - nf-m-' >

/

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



An Act for repairing the Road from Fojlon Bridge, through the Town o[ Grantham, to the Divifion Stone on Withatn Common, all in the County of Lincohi ■, and for repealing feveral A£ts relating

WIEREAS ihe Road leading from Fojlon Bridge, between or in the Parifhes of Fojlon and Great Goner by, in the County of Lincoln, or one of them, to the Divifion Stone on a Place called Witham Common in the Parifh of South Wit ham, in the faid County, marked on ti’.e One Side “ North Diftridt,” and on the other Side 6 S uth D ftrict,” through the leveral Parilhes, Lordfhips, Townfliips, or Places of G*eat Goner by, Man'.horpe cum Little Gonerby, Grantham, Spittlegate, J ittle Ponton, Great Ponton, North Stoke, South Stoke, Eajlon, Wocljthorpe, Cc!jierworth, Iwyford, North Witham and South Witham, or feme of them, in the County or Lincoln aforefaid, is at prefenr in Two Divifions or Diltncts, the One called ‘ The Road from Spittlegate Hill to Fojlon ‘ Bridge, in the County of Lincoln,* and the other called * The North ‘ D.iluct of the Road between Stanford and Grantham, in the County of « Lincoln:1 And whereas the faid Divifion or Dillrift of Road from Spittlegate Hill to Fojlon Bridge, is repaired under the Authority of Four Acts of Parliament, th.- Fiift cf which faid Acts was paffed in the Twelfth



Cap. 63,

thereto.

[27th May 1808.J

[lee. y Ac.]

Year

1142

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 63.

Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the F:rft, intituled. An Ad for repairing tbs Road from Spittlegate H 11 near Grantham, in the County <5/" Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County ^/'Nottingham j the Second of them, paffed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Ad for -enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Ad faffed in the Twelfth Tear cf the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Firjl, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham ; the Third of them, psCd in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of fo much of Two Ads made in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of King George the Firjl, and in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of King George tbs Second, for repairing the Road from Sp! tlegate Hill in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Read frem Spittlegate Hill to Fofton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln ; and the Fourth of the faid Acts, paffed in the Twenty-fmh Year of the Reign of His prefent: M ijcfty, intiru’ed. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad made in the S xth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejiy King George the Third, and aljo of Two Ads made, one in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of King George the Firjl, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, fo far as the faid Two Ads relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Fofton Btidge, in the County of Lincoln; by which faid Ads or fome. of them feveral Tolls and Powers have been granted ro Truftees for repairing and amending the fame Diltrid of Road, during the refpedive Terms of Years therein mentioned; and feveral Sums of of Money have, in purfuance of the fame Ads or fome of them, been borrowed, and are (till duo on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted : And whereas ti e laid Divifion- or Diftrid called The North Diltrid of the Road,, between Stamford and Grantham, is repaired under the Authority of I hree Ads of Parliament, the Firft of which faid Ads was paffed ip the Twelfth Year of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Ad for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County.of Lincoln; the S cond of them paffed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Ad pafjed in the Twelfth Tear cf the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the fame move effectual; and the Tid'd of which fa'd Acts was paffed in the Twcnty-fcventh Year of the Reign off! s prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers cf Two Ads paffed in the Twelfth and Twenty fourth Tears of the Reign of his late Majefly King G orge the Second, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County tf Lincoln; by which faid Three laft-mentioned Ads, or iome or one of them, icvtral Tolls and Powers have been granted to Truftees for repairing and amending fuch laft mentioned Diftrid of Road during the refpedive Terms of Years therein mentioned and leveral Sums of Money have alfo, in purfuance cf the fame Ads or fome of them, been borrowed, and are ftill due on the Security of the Tolls the/eby granted : And whereas all the faid Ad?, comprifing both the faid Diftrids of Road are near expiring, and the Monty remaining due on the Security thereof refp<dive!y cannot be repaid, nor can the faid Diftrids cf Ro J he effectually improved and kept in Repair, unlefs additional Tolls, Powers, and Provifions for thofc Pur^ofcs be gi anted for a further Term i and it will

be

1X43

48'vGEORGII III. Cap. 63.

be more convenient that the faid Two Diftri&s of Road (which adjoin each other and form Part of the Poft Road from London to the Not them Parts of this Kingdom) (hculd be united and become one Trull, and that all the Powers and Provifions for thole Purpofes fhould be comprized in one Ad of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, Thar it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefl-y, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That all the Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punifhinents, Exemptions, Claufes, Provifions, Matters and Things contained in the faid leveral Ads of Parliament herein-beh re referred to, and each and every of them, fhall (fo far as they or any of them relate to or concern the faid Two Divifions or Diftrids of Road herein-before mentioned, or cither of them, or any Part or Parts thereof) from and after the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Ad, be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that from thenceforth the feveral Tolls, Powers, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Punilhments, Exemptions, Claufes, Provifions, Matters and Things in this prefenc Ad contained, lhall be put m Execution, and fhail continue in Force during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpofe of amending, widening, keeping in Repair, and improving 'he laid Road leading from Fcftm Bridge atorefaid to the faid Divilion Stone in the Paiilh of South With am aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Sum and Sums

Money which, on the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Ad, the former fhall be due and owing on the Credit of the ia:d former Ads or any of ^ '^^ru^cd-them, or on the Security of the Tolls thereby respectively giantrd within y iS or upon each of the Lid Two Diftrids, together with lawful Intetcft on fuch of the fame Sums as carry Intercfl, fhall (land and be charged and chargeable on the l olls by this Ad granted, and may be recovered in like Manner as if the fame had been contraded on the Credit of this Ad, or fecured on the Tolls hereby granted.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the Mayo% Recorde*-, Aldermen, Tr fteesap. Town Clerk, and Capital Burgefies of the Town or Borough of Stanford, pouuc *

in the County of Lincoln, for the Time being-, the Alderman, Recosder,

Deputy Recorder, Town Clerk, and Com-BurgefEs, commonly called the Firlt Company of the Town or Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, for the Time being-, Abel IVaford B:.lairs, Edward Brown,

Thomas Burbidge, William Butcher Clerk, Robert Calcroft, John Charles Lucas Calcraft, James Catlett, Ch tries Chaplin, Sir Montague Cbolmeley Baronet, John Cholmeley Clerk, John Cr.gg,	Cole	Clerk,

Vicar of Honingcon, John Corrie Cierk, George Crabb C erk, the Honourable Henry Cujt, the Honourable Richard Cttjl, the Honourable William Cuft, the Honourable Peregrine Francis Cujl, William Dodwell Clerk, Henry Dodwell Cleik, William Dowdefwell, Thomas Eajlon Cleik,

John Eq/ton, William Eajlon Cleik, Jeremiah Els Dodor in Divinity, y.feph Fergufon, Sir Samu l lludyer, Baronet, George. Fludyer, George De Lgr.e Gregory, Edward Gregory Clerk, Chari s Gery Clerk, George Gordon Clerk, Thomas Gonna, Edward Grundy, Samuel Hand, JoJeph Hall Clerk. Sir Gilbert Hiathcote Baronet, Sir Robert Heron, Baronet,

RoUrt Heron Clerk, Samuel, Herbert Dodor in Divinity, John Hepkin-fon Clerk, Samuel Hurjl, James Raymond Johnflone, Robert Ke kam,

Jonathan

j 144

4Sfi GEORG II III. Cap. 63.

Jonathan Kendal Clerk. Richard Kilfoa Clerk, William King, Jc-feph Lawrence, jfoiw Rowland l.itchford Cl >k,	Lttchford, hi' eldeft

Sor, the Honourable Charles Manners, commonly called Lord Charles Manners, the Honourable Robert Manners, commonly called Lord Robert Manners, Sir William Manners Baronet, Charles Manners, John Manners, Thomas Manners Clerks John Manners, of Grantham, John MaydueU Cierk, John Myers CDrk, John Myers the younger. Clerk, George OJborne Clerk, Gerard Noel Noel, the Honourable Eaward Perceval, Wiliam Peters Clerk, Charles Raby Cleik, William Reeve, Charles Sea-well, John Singleton Clerk, John Scott CJ rk, Thomas Burton Shaw, Boy r Edward Sparke Doftor in Divinity, Sir John Thorcld Baroner, John Grundy ‘7 hompfon Clerk, Thomas Thoroton, John Hay ford dhorold, William Iborold, George Thorold Clerk, Edward Thor old Clerk, Charles Thorold, Michael Thorold Clerk, Burgoyne Tomkins, James Torkmgton, Sir John Trollope Boroner, Edmund Tumor, Robert Turner, Baptijl Noel Turner, Sir -Thomas Whichcote Baronet, Sir William Earle Welby Baroner, William Earle Welby, Thomas Earle Welby, Mountague Earle V/dby Cle k, William Grey my Williams, Thomas Wd/on D"<ftor of Phyfic, John Willis Doctor of Phyfic, John Wingfield, Ralph Wofiey Clerk, John Wyche, and Simon Tcrke, {hall be and they a:e hereby appointed Truftees for amending, widening* improving, and keeping in Repair the faid Road leading from Fojion Bridge aforelaid, to the faid Dtvifion Stone in South Witbam aforefuid, and for putting this A& into Execution.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That when and as often as any of the Truftecs hereby nominat' d and appointed, or who (lull be ele&ed and apLointcd in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, Pnall die, or by Writing under their rcLe&ivc Hands r< fufe to ad in the Execution of this Ad, it (hall Oe lawful f r the furviving or continuing Truftees from Time to Time, at any Meeting lobe H6lden in purfuance of this Ad, by Writing under th'ir refpedive Hands, to eied and appoint lome fit Pcrfon tube aTruftte in the Room of tv> ry or any Truftee fo dying or reiufing toad, as afore laid. Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the faid Truftees tor cveiy fuch Election bring given by the Clerk, or TreaCuter hcrein-aftcr directed to be appointed, by affixing luch Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected acrofs the faid Road, and by inciting the fame in fume Newfpaper printed or generally circulated in the faid County of Lincoln *, and every Pcrfon who Hull be elect d and appointed a Tiullee, puriuant to the Directions of this Act, lhall and may acc with the furviving and continuing Truliecs in the Execution of ti is Acr, to all Intents aud Puipofcsas if he had been named and appointed a Truftce in and by this Act.

All Aflsir.ay V. And be it fur'her enacted, That all Proceedings, Matters and hed(.ne Kv Thing*. relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and execused FnUfjotherCS by any Five or more ot the faid Truftees hereby nominated and appointed, wile directed, or who (hall hereafter beelcded arid appointed, as aforeUki, except only in the Cafes hereby particularly directed or authorized to be done or executed by any greater or kfs Number of Truftecs.

OurOificati- n VL.'Pi ovided always, and be it further enacted. Thu no Petfon (hall •f Tiultecs. be capable of acting as a Truftce in the Execution o! this Aft, Chiefs he fliaft be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, fe.fed of yr entitled 7	tO

Power to ap-point new Trulices.

ti45

48°GEORGII III. Cap.Gi,

to Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for fume Eftate for Life, or of Inheritance in Poffeflion, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pou ids above Keprifcs, or (hall be Heir .Apparent to fome Perlon or Perfons fo fcized of or entitled to Meffuages, Lands or Hereditaments for fome Eftate for Life or of Inheritance, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Repriles, or fhall be poffeffed of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or Rral and Perfonal Eftate together of the Amount or Value of One thoufand Pounds above what will be fufficienc to pay all his juft Debts ; and if any Perlon not being fo qualified fhall prefume to aft as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, every Perfon fo offending fhall foifeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at lEeftminfler, by Adtion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance Ihail be allowed j and every Perfon fo profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified asaforeiaid, or otherwife (hall pay the faid Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having afted as a Truftee in the Execution ot this Aft :

Provided always, that all the Acts and Proceedings of any Perfon as a The Acts of Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, previous to his being convifted of the faid Offence, (hall be as valid and effectual as if fuch Perfon had been fbus'tncoa-duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided alfo, that ^'ec^c]"dflial1 every Truftee before be fhall aft as fuch (except in adminiftering the Trltftees to following Oath) fhall take an Oath before One or more of the faid be iworn. Truftees (who is and are hereby empowered to adminiftcr the fame) in the Form following, that is to fay ;

c T A . J5. do fwear, That I am truly and bond fide in my own Right [or, The 0atl1-‘ A in Right of my Wife] feifed of or entitled to Meffuages, Lands

*	or Heradicaments for (ome Eftate for Life, or of Inheritance in Poffedion ‘ of the clear Yearly Value cf Fifty Pounds above Repriles: ['and in cafe

*	of an Heir Apparent"] I A. B. do fwear. That I am Heir Apparent ‘ to C. D. who to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief is truly and Lena

*	fide feiled of or entitled to Meffuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for k fome Eftate for Life or of Inheritance, of the clear Yearly Value of 4 One hundred Pounds above Repriles : \_andin cafe of Perfonal Eft ale alone 4 or Real and Perfonal Eftate together'] I A. B. do fwear, That I am truly

*	end bom fide feifed of a Perfonal Eftate [or of a Real and Per-‘ Tonal Eftate together] of the Amount or Value of One thoufand 6 Pounds above what will be fofficient to pay all my juft Debts;

* and that I will truly and impartially, according to the belt of

* my Judgement, execure and perft rm the fcveral Rowers, Authc-

*	riiies, and Trufts repofed in me as a Truftee by virtue of an Aft paffed

*	in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George Lhe Third, intituled ‘ [here Jet forth the Title of this Acid]

4 So help me GOD/

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees fhall meet at the Guildhall in Grantham atoiefaid, or at fome other convenient Houle C 'U te*’ in the lame Town, on the Day of the Commencement of this Aft, or as foon after as conveniently may be, and (hall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and that the faid Truftees or ary Two or more A them fhall then, ;n i from Time to Time afttrwatd*, adjourn thcmfclvcs to [Lee, & Per]	i$L	meet

JH6	4s°GE0RGII	III.	Cap.	63..

meet at the fame Place, or at fuch ether Place or Places near fume Part of tne faid Road, and at fuch Times, as they llv.11 from Time to Time order and direct (provided that no Adjournment (hall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Ad, there (hall not appear a fuffieknt Number of Truftees to ad or to adjourn to another Day, or in cafe the Trultees at any Meeting afiembled (hall not adjourn themfelvc , theClerk orTreafurer of the laid Koad (hall from Time to Time, as often as fuch Cafe (hall happen, by Norice in Writing to be affixed upon all Turnpike Gates then erefted acrofs the faid Road, at lead Ten Days b-fo e the next intended Meeting, appoint the Truftees to meet at the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been holden, or at any other Place near any Part of the faid Road, on the Day Four Weeks after the Day on which fuch lad Meeting was appointed.

EmeigtnVrs. "VUI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the faid Truftees, it (hall at any Time be thought necef-fary that an earlier Day of Meeting (hould be appointed than the Day appointed by fuch Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Road, upon an Order in Writing figned by any Three or more of the faid Truftees, (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting) (hall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place and Purpofe mentioned in fuch Order in the Manner laft hercin-before Truftees to directed (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and defray their fuch earlier Meeting (hall and may be held accordingly ; and the faid Truf-own jixpences tees at al] their Meetings (hall defray their own Expcnces.

Accounts of IX* And be it further enacted, That at the Firftor Second Meeting of Treafnrersun- the laid Truftees for carrying this Act into Execution, or as foon after as Acts'to bemCr conveniently maybe, the Accounts of the Treafurer orTreafurcrs for paired and each of the faid Two Diftricts of Road hercin-before mentioned, (hall be ■eve Account, produced, examined, and fettled, and the Balance of each Account (hall be carried over to a new Account with the Truftees acting in the Execution of this A<5t, who (hall make fuch Orders for theDifpofal of any Money that may appear to be in the Hands of fuch Treafurer orTreafu-Ters, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, or for rcimburf-ing him or them cut of the Monies hereby authorized to be raifed, any Money that may appear to be due to him or them, with lawful Intereft during the Forbearance thereof, as they the faid Truftees may think proper.

How Orders X. And be n father enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid of the Trui- Truftees or the Majority of them prefent at any Meeting which (hall be tcede?nd°b2	purfuance	of	this	Aft,	from	Time	to Time to make ail neceffary

revoked. Orders, Direftions, Appointments, Agreements, and Determinations in the Execution of this Aft; and no fuch Order, Direftion, Appointmcnr, Agreement, or Determination (hall bemade unlefs the Number of Truftees by this Aft authorized to make the fame, (hall be prefent, and the Majority of the Truftees prefent (hall concur therein; and no fuch Order, Direftion, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination, (hall be revoked or altered unlefs Nine Truftees at leaft (hall be prefent, and Seven of them fhall concur therein at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, of thePurport ofwhich Meeting Fourteen DaOsNotice lhall be given, by affixing the lame

upon.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 63.	n4.?

Upon all the Toll Gates erected upon the faid Road, and by Advertifement to be inferred in force Nevvipaper printed or generally circulated in the fa id County of Lincoln.

XI. And be it farther enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons appointed Truftees not or to be appointed a Truftee or Truftees for putting this Aft into holdf-'>nVK Execution, (hall have or accept of any Place of Profit arifing cut of or by i*‘CCu iro reafon of the fame Aft, or the Tolls or Duties hereby impolcd, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhdl, from theTime of accepting fuch Place, be incapable of acting as a Truftee or Truftees during his or their Enjoyment of fuch Place of Profit as aforel'aid.

XU. And be it further enacted. That fuch of the Truftees of this Act Trunin for the Time being, as are or (hall be in the Commiffion of the Peace for niThe1" the Parts of Kcjievcn in the faid County of Lincoln, or are or (hall be Pf»c«? may Juftices of the Peace for the Borough or Soke of Granthcmail and may aci a3iu:ticefi* act within their respective Dillricts as Juftices of the PeSce in the Execution of this Act, noEwithftanding fuch Juftices being Truftees as aforel'aid ; and that any Mortgagee or Ailignees of any Mortgage or other Security, ^orrpa:;es, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tulls granted by *i.i/acn this Aft, or receiving Intereft for the fame, ihall no't on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Truftee.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Truftees, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, (hall and may continue the prefent Toll Gates or Turnpikes upon or acrofs the faid Ro-d, or any Bye-way or Lane leading into or out of the fame, and alfo erect, or otherwife provide fuch and fo many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or acrofs fuch Parts, and in fuch Places of the faid Road hereby directed to be repaired, and alfo fuch and fo many T 11 Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides of the faid Road, as the laid Truftees (hall think proper, and alfo (hall and may continue, ereft, or otherwife provide a Toll Houfe to each of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpike*, with fuirabie Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and inclofc from the Sides of the faid Road convenient Gardens for the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Tolls fir ft herein tTkfn-4°v/*ea after particularly mentioned, (hall be oem ndedand takenateach 2nd every r^;on Bn.'ge of the Toll Gates orTurr.pikes v\hich (hal! be continued, erected, orprovid-

ed in purfuance of tins Art, upon that Part of the faid Road lying between Fofion Bridge, and the Town of Grantham afortfaid, or on the Side or Sides thereof, (except as hereinafter is exprdsly directed or provided to the contrary) before any Ilorfe, Cattle or Carriages, upon which a!ny Toll is by this Aft impofed, (hall be permitted to pais through the lame, tiaac is to Ly j

For every Coach, Beilin, Landau, Charier, Chaife, Curricle, Calafh,

Hearfe, Chaife iMarine, or other fuch Carriage drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; drawn by Four or Five Horfes or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings ; and drawn by Two or Three Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling :

For every Chair, Chaife, Gig, Whifky, or other Carriage of the like Kind, having only Two Wheels, and drawn only by One Horfc or other Bead of D aught, the Sum of Sixpence:

%	For

1148

48" GEORGII III. Cup. 63.

Far every Horfe or other Bead of Diaught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Four-wheeled Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling :

For every Two-wheeled Carriage having 2ny Perfon therein, or being laden in any Manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Cairiage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling, and unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Pair of Millftones or Block of Timber drawn by Five or more Horfes, Or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number :

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score j and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number.

Tolls to be ^ XV. And be it further enacted, That the feveral Tolls herein-after South of the* particularly mentioned fhall be demanded and taken at each and every of Town of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which fhall be continued', erected, or pro-(jrantham. vHed, in purfuanre of this A6t, upon that Part of the faid Road lying between theTownof Grantham aforefaid, and the Toll Bar or Gate hereby authorized to be ere&ed at or near the Divifion Stone herein-before deferibed, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or in, upon, or acrofs any Lane or ByeWay leading into or out of the fame (except as herein-after isexprefsly directed or provided to the contrary) before ary Horfe, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this A£t impofed, fhall be permitted to paf* through the fame, (that is to fay);

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaife, Curricle, Calafh, Hearfe, Chaife Marine, or other fuen Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Bcaftsof Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; drawn by Four or Five Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence ; and drawn by Two or Three Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chair, Chaife, Gig, Whifky, or other Carriage of the like Kind, drawn only by One Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe or other Beaft of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Four-wheeled Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheeled Carriage having any Perfon therein, or being laden in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling, and unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Pair of Millftones, or Block of Timber, drawn by Five or more Horfes or other B^afU of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or Ids Number :

And

ii49

48* GEORGII III. Cap.63.

And for every Drove cf Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of

Five Pence per Score j and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs

Number.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral and refpedive Tolls or Sums of Money by this A<51 granted (hall be demanded and taken by fuch Pci ion or Perfons as the faid Trudees (hall from Time to Time authorize and appoint to receive the fame; and it any Perfon or Perfons fubjed to the Payment of any fuch Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof fhall, after Demand thereof made by any Colledor or Colledors or other Perfon or Perfons authorized to receive the fame, neglect or refufe to pay the faid Tolls or any of them, or any Part or Parts chereof, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo authorized to feize and diftrain any Ho rie or Cattle, Bead or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Aft impofed, or any of the Loading, Harnefs, or Accoutrements thereof rclpedively, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing to pay the lame j and if fuch Tolls and the reafonable Cods of fuch Diltrefs and keeping the fame (hall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making fuch Diftrefs, the Perfon or Perfons fo didiaining (hall and may at any Time or Times thereafter fell the Horfe, Cattle, Bead, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels fo didrained, and out of the Monies which (hall arife by fuch Sale pay*or retain fuch Tolls, and all reafonable Charges incurred by fuch Didrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which (hall arife by fuch Sale, and what fhall remain unfold (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute (hall happen concerning any Tolls due or the Charges occafioned by any fuch Didrefs as afar* faid, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo diftrain-ing to retain fuch Didrefs or the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls and the Charges of fuch Didrefs (hall be afeertained by fome Judice of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrid in which fuch Didrefs (hall be made, who upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, (hall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, orotaWitnefs orWitneffes, and (hail determine the Toll due, and afleft the Charges of fuch Didrefs, and of the Collector's Attendance upon the faid Judice for that Purpofe j all which Sums fo determined and affeffed (hall be paid to the faid Collector before he or (he (hall be obliged to return the Goods fo didrained, or the faid Overplus or any Part thereof refpedively.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation (hall arife touching or in any way relating to the faid Tolls, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Perlon or Perfons ading under the Authority of the faid Trudees, (hall not be incompetent, on account of his being appointed to colled fuch Tolls, to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation.

XIX.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Trudees from Time to Time, when and as often as they (hall think proper, toleffen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls herein-before granted or made payable at all or any of the Turnpikes to be continued, ereded or provided by virtue of this Ad, and to raife the fame again, fo as they do

[toe, & Per.~\	13 M	not

Power for compelling the Payment of Tolls.

For fettling Difpute* concerning Toll*,

Collector*

declared

competent

Witneff:*.

Tolls may be Taried.

1

it$0	40'	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	65.

not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this A & granted or made payable at the fame Turnpikes by virtue of this Aft, and fo as every fuch Reduction be mad- with the Content of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to Three FourtiiParcs of the Money then due on Security of the ai J Tolls; b ut no fuch Alteration (hall be made after the Second Meeting of thefaid Truftees, unlefs Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof (hall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then ere&ed acrofs the faid Road, and alfo inferred in fonjs Newfpaper printed or generally circulated n the County of Lincoln.

XX,	And be it further enaded. That no more than One full Toll (hall T^Uinhed. be dv^andcd or taken on the fame Day, to be computed as aforefaid,

0 *	for the fitneHorles, Ca tie, Bealb, or Carriages on that Part of the faid

Road lying between FoJl\on Bridge and the Town of Grantham aforefaid, (except as herein before provided) nor on that Part of the faid Road lying between the faid Town o{Grantham, and the Toll Bar or Gate by his Aft authcriz d to be eie&ed at or near to the Divifion Stone here in-before deferibed.

Tolls to be XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Perfon or pai.i only Perfons who (hall have paid the Toll or Duty by this Act impoled, for Onceon ihe paffing through any of the faid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, which fliall be lam. Lay.	continued or erected on any Part or Parts of the faid Road hereby directed

to be repaired, (hall be liable to pay any Toil or Duty for repafling through the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates or any of them (except as herein is other wife provided to the contrary) with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Reafts, and Carriages during the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Cl >ck in the fuccceding Nighr, fuch Perfon producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of fuch Toll, which Ticket the Collettors of the Tolls are hereby required to givc gr atis upon the Pay men of fuchToll, but that all and every Pcifon or Perfons who (hall have pafiVdLmd repaffid Once in the fame Day through the fame Turnpikes or To 1 Gates as aforefaid, fliall be fubjecc and liable to the Payment of the fame Toll or Dury for every Time fuch Horfes, Cattle, Beads, Or Carriages (hall afterwards pafs, or pafs and repafs through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate during the fame Day, anything herein contained to the contrary r.otwichftanding : Provided neverthelefs, that all Waggons, Wains, Carts or other fuch Carriages, paffing or repafling through any Toll Gate or Turnpike erefted or to be erected on that Parc of the faid Road lying North of the Town of Grantham aforefaid on the fame Day, to be computed as aforelaid, with a different Lading, (hail pay the Tolls by this Act impofed on fuch Carriages or the Hories drawing the fame refpedtivelv, as if luch Carriage had not before paffed during that Day through fuch To}i Gate or Turnpike.

Exemption XXII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Perfon from Toils. or per|Qns be charged with any of the Tolls hereby granted for or in refpeft of any Horle, or other Bead, Cart or other Carriage, when employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repair ingthe faid Road, or any Bridge thereon, orany Highway in any of the Parifliesor Townfhips through which the faid Road doth or may lead, or in any of the adjoining ParKhes or Townfhips •, or in carrying or conveying any Hay or Corn, or other Produce of Lands lying within the lame reljpe&ive Parilhea or Towuffiips, to be laid up, ukd or coafumedin ch«

Houfes,

ii5i

4$° G EORGII III. Cap. 6$.

Houfes, Out Houfes, or Barns of the Owners thereof, lying therein refpeftively, and not for Sale, or being unladen when fo employed ; or for or in refpect of any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hufbandry belonging to any of the Inhabitant'of the fame Patifhes or Townfhips, or for or in refpeft of any Carts, Waggons or other Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Lime, Dung, Mould, Compoft or Manure of any Kind whatsoever to be employed in Hufbandry for Manure of Lands, or being unladen when fo employed j nor (hall any of the laid Tolls be taken of any Perfon refidingin any Parifh through which the laid Road or any Part thereof doth or (hall Lad, wholhall pals through any Turnpike to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Wor-(bip ; or when attending the Funeral of any Perfon who (hall be buried in any fuch Parifh; nor of any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for or in refpeft ofany Horfcs or Cattle going to or returning from Plough, Water, or Pafture within the feveral Parilhes to which they (ball belong, or any of the neighbouring Parilhes-, provided that fuch laft-mentioned Exemption as to Horfes or Cattle going to or from Water or Pafture (ball only extend to fuch Horfes or Cattle as (hall be driven to or from Water or Pafture from one Parifh to the next adjoining Parilh, or to fuch Horfes or Cattle as fhall not pafs upon the fame Road more than Two Miles going to or returning from Water or Pafture; or for or in refpeft of the Horfes or Catilc of any Inhabitant of any of the faid Parilhes going to be Ibod or farried, or returning therefrom; or for any Bricks, Limeftone, Plaifter, Timber, Wood or other Materials ufed for rebuilding or repairing any Church, Chapel, Houfe, Outhoufc, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the fame Parilh or Townlhip where fuch Bricks, Limeftone, Plaifter, Timber, Wood, or other Materials were made, gotten, or felled; nor (hall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for any Horfe or Carriage employed in conveying the Mails cf Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His M.sjtfty’s Poftraafter General, or his Deputies; nor for any Carriage, Horle, or Beaft which lhail only crofs the faid Road, or fhall not pafs above One hundred Yards thereon nor for the Horfes of any Officers or Soldiers puffing upon their March or upon Duty ; nor for the Horfes, Carts, Carnages, or Waggons employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any fuch Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or carrying any wounded, ftek, or difabled Officers and Soldiers, or returning empty after having been fo employed ; nor for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnilhed by or for any Perlons belonging to ar.y Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry refpeftively, and rode by them ; nor Carriages conveying Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Kxercife, provided that fuch Perfon or Perfons be drefied in the Uniform of their refpeftive Corps, and have their Anns, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; nor 'for any Horfes, Carer* or Waggons travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Pafies; nor for any Horfes or Carriages carrying or conveying any Elector or Eleftors,going to or returning from any Eleftion of a Knight or Knights for the Shire toferve in Parliament for the County of Lincoln, on the Day Or Days of fuch Eleftion, or on the Day befoie or Day after fuch Eleftion lhail begin or be concluded ;

and

1152	4S0	GEORGII III. Cap. 6*.

and if ny Perfon (hall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to tiie lame, cr if any Perfon being fo entitled (hall fraudulently and tollufirely extend the fame to or for the Benefit of any P rlon or Perfons not entitled thereto, every Perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Judices before whom fuch Offender (hall be convicted.

The evadinz XXW. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, of rolli.' with any Horfe, Cattle, Bealt or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Aft impofed, pafs through any Land or Ground within the Diftance of One Mile from any Toll Gate or Turnpike which (hall be continued, erefted, o: provided by virtue of this Aft, the fame not being a public Road ; or if any Owner or Occupier of any fuch Land or Ground fhall knowingly permit or fuffer any other Perfon or Perfons with any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage to pafs through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof (hall be evaded, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall give to or receive from any Perfon (other than a Culleftor of the faid Tolls), or (hall forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Aft direfted to be given by a Colleftor of the faid Tolls, or (hall forcibly paf. through any fuch Toll Gate or Turnpike as afordaid with any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, or (hall at any Time or Times take off or caul'e to be taken off any Horfe, Catrle, or Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the Lid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof (hall be evaded j or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall leave or caule to be left upon or near to any Part of the laid Road, any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or with fuch Intent (hall unload any Horfe, Cattle, Bead or Carriage, every Perfon offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, and being lawfully convifted thereof, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Dilcretion of the Judice or Judices before whom fuch Offender lhall be convifted, One Moiety whereof (hall be for the Ufe of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof lhall be applied for the Purpofes of this A ft in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

rower to	XXIV.	Ar.d	be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid

*ornTro?l»d Truftees from Time to Time, as they fhall fee convenient, to compound >r ' and agree, for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the Parith of Lillie Ponton aforefaid for the Paffage of their Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes erefted or to be erefted on the faid Road nr the Sides thereof.

Power to	XXV.	And	be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid

kale the Tolls- Trudecs, after giving One Month's previous Notice thereof, in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes erefted acrofs the faid Road, and to beinferted in feme Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Lincoln, from Time to Time to leafe and demife the Tolls granted by this Aft or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the beft Rent or Price that can reasonably be gotten for the fame payable at fuch Time and in fuchManner, and with, under, and fubject to fuch Covenants, Conditions and Agreements as .he faid Truffees (hall think

fit.

*T53

4.8° G EORGII III. Cap. 63,

fit, they the faid Truftees having a Counterpart of fuch Leafe or Leafes, and taking fuch other fufficient Security for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants, to be referved and ccmpiiled in fuch Leafe or Leafes, as the faid Truftees fhall think fit.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be pow;rtore-lawful for the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them, from Time £°tvcegTo11 to Time, when and as often as they fhall think proper, to caufe any of

the Toll Gates or Turnpikes (except the Toll Gate or Turnpike hereinafter diredted to be eredted acrofs the laid Road at or near to the faid Divifion Stone) which now are or hereafter fhall be erected in, upon, or acrofs, or on the Side of the faid Road, to be removed to and ere&ed in, upon, or acrofs, or on the Side of fuch other Part or Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them fhall from Time to Time order and diredt; but none of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes fhall be removed as aforefaid unlefs Twenty-one Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame fhall ha^e been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then eredted acrofs the faid Road, and inferred in fome Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Lincoln.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted. That the Right, Interefl, and Pro-

perty of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houfes which thg Trufttce. fhall be erected and provided in purfuance of this Adt, with the feveral Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively, and the Materials of which the fame fhall confift, and all Materials, Matters and Things which fhall be purchafed or provided for the Purpoi'es of this Adt, fhall be vefted in the Trufttes of the faid Road for the Time being, and they are hereby empowed to fell, affign, transfer, apply, and difpofe of the finie as Occafion (hall require, and to bring or caufe to be brought any Action or Adtions, or to prefer and profecute any Indictment or Indictments againft any Perfon or Perfons who fhall dig up, break, or pull down, fteal, take or carry away, fpoil, deftroy, injure or damage any of the faid Toll Gates, Turnpikes, cr Toll Houfes, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters or Things aforefaid, cr any f ences which fhall be made and repaired by the faid Truftees, or who fhall do any Adt to hinder or obftrudt any Perfon or Perfons employed by the faid Truftees in the Execution of this Adt; and it fhall be lufficient in any lucn Adlion or Adtions or Indictment to alledge that the fame are or is the Property of any Five of the Truftees of this Adt for the Time being without naming the lteft.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That aToll Gate or Turnpike fhall

be eredted acrofs the faid Road, at or near to the faid Divifion Scone pivifum hereinbefore deferibed, with fuitable Buildings and other Conveniences Stcnc. thereto, and a Garden fhall be taken from the Side of the faid Road convenient for the fame ; and fuch Tolls and Duties fhall be taken at the faid Toll Gate or Turnpike from and after the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Adt, as are herein laft-before authorized and appointed to be taken at any Gate or Turnpike eredted upon that Part of the faid Road lying South of the Town of Grantham aforefaid, over and above oil other Tolls and Duties by this Adt granted, before any Horfe, Cattle [toe.	iV.]	13 N	cr

H54-	III.	Cap.6$.

or Carriage upon which any Toll is by this Ad impofei. Hi all be permit-t'tt to pafs through the lame, fubj & neverthclefs to fuch fcveral Exemptions tor repuifitrg or otherwife as are herein provided for; and the feveral Tolls mi Duties arfng at the faiu T II Gate or Turnpike lb to beereded acref, the laid R >ad at or near the faid Divifion Scone, fhal! be recovered as any ether Toils and Duties are by this Ad authorized to be recovered, and (hall be paid, applied, and bifpofed of to and for the fever*! Ufes, Intents and Purpoies herein-*! t.-r mentioned, (that is to fay) in the firft Place in Payment of the Sum of One hundred Pounds towards die Colts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and polling this Ad j in the next Place in Payment of the Cods, Charges and Expences incutred in creating and maintaining the laft-mentioied Toil Gate or Turnpike and the Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and in defraying the Expences cf collecting, receiving, recovering, and leafing the laid Tolls and Duties j and the clear Reft due or Surplus thereof lhall be divided into Two equal Moieties or Par ts, One Moiety or equal Part whereof fhall be appropriated, laid out and applied in like Manner and for the like Purpoies as other Monies, Tolls, or Duties are by this Ad authorized to be applied ; and the other Moiety or equal Half Part lhall be paid Quarterly to the Trea-furer orTrcafurcrs foi the Time being ading under the Trultees for the Road leading fiom the Town of Stamford aforefaid to the faid Divifion Stone, and at the fame Time a Copy or Statement of the Receipts and Payments of Money on Account of fuch Tolls fhall be tranimitted to fuch Trcafurer.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Truftees ading in the Execution of this Ad, when and as often as they (hall think proper, without the Confent of the Mortgagees or Creditors of the Tolls arifing on the faid Road to be repaired by the Authority of this Ad, or on the faid Road leading from the Town of Stamford aforefaid to the faid Divifion Stone, to IcfTen, vary, oralterall or any of the Tolls hereby granted or made payable at the faid Turnpike to be ereded 2crofs the faid Road, at or near the faid Divifion Stone as aforefaid, and to raife the fame again, fo as they do net at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable at fuch Gate or Turnpike } but no fuch Alteration fhall be made, unlefs Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof fhall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees by Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected acrofs the faid Road, and by advertifmg in fome Ncwfpapcr printed or circulated in the faid County of Lincoln.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid

sefu^tyofthe Truftees at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Ad, Tolls.	to borrow and cake up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arile

by virtue of this Act, in fuch Manner as they (hall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money they fhall think fit to borrow for all or any of the Purpoies of this Act, giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed cn all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected acrofs the laid Road, and to be publifhed in fome Newfpaper printed or circulated in the faid County of Lincoln; and they the laid Truftees are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to affign over or mortgage the refpectivc Tolls or Duties hereby granted, or any Parc or Proportion,

Parts

48? GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

PartsorPioporcions thereof, during theContinuance of this A& (the Charges of fuch Affignmerits and Mortgages to be paid out of fuch Tolls) as a Security or Securities to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance fuch SumorSums of Money, his, her, or theirTruftes orTruftecs, their rtfpeftivc Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affign , fur the Money fo to be advanced, with fuch Intertfl, for the fame as (hall be agreed upon in that Behalf; which Mortgage may be in the Form cr to the Effect following (chat is to fay):

*. TDY Virtue of an A<5t made in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majefty K ng George the Third, intituled \_ben fet fjrth ike Title of this A£f\

*	We Five of the Truftees fur executing the laid Act, in Conlidcrat on.

‘ < f the Sum of	this	Day paid to the

*	Treafurer of the laid Road, by

«	do	affign unto the faid

*	fuch	Proportion	of the Tolls to arife upon the

*	faid Road as the faid Sum of

« fhall bear to the Whole of the Principal Money for the Time being due c on Security of the laid Tolls, to hold the lame unto the laid ‘	his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns., until the

« faid Sum qF	with	In	ter	eft	at the Rate of

*	per Centum per Annum, (hall be fully paid.

1 Dated this	Day of	in	the Year of our

‘ Lord

And Copies of all Mortgages (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be copies t0b# kept for th't Purpofe by the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Road, anc} enteicd. which faid Book or Books fhall and may, at ail feafonable Times, be perufed and infpected without Fee or Reward ; and ic fhall be lawful for all Perfons respectively to whom any Mortgages fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fli ill be from Time to Time entitled to the Money thereby Iecurcd to affign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, and lntercft in or to fuch Mortgage and the Principal Money -and Intereft thereby fecured, to any other Perfon or Perfons whomlbever; which Transfer ft^tl be pro- Transfer to duced and notified to the faid Clerk or Treafurer within Three Calendar bcclUerca* Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who fhall enter the fame in the faid Book or Books, for which Entry the faid Clerk or Ireamrer fhall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and S xpence and no more; and fuch Transfer fhall then entitle fuch A dig nee, his Executors, Aiminiftrators and Affigns t0 the full Benefit of fuch Mortgage Security, and every fuch Affignee may in like Manner affign or transfer the fame, and fo toties quoties; and after fuch Entry as aforefaid, it fhall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Fcrfons who fhall have made fuch Transfer, to releafe, difeharge, or make vuio the cr ginal Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon or any Part thereof; and all Pcrlons to whom anyMortgage or Transfer hath been n0prj0,;f made and is now due on Security of the Tolls arifing upon the faid Two among m©k» Divifions or Diftri&s of Road herein-before mentioned, or either of them, 8aSes* and a la all Perfons ro whom any Mortgage or Transfer fhall be made under theAuthoriiy of this Adt, fhall in Proportion to the SumorSums of Money thereby iecurcd, be Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted, in equal Degree one with another, and fhall have no Preference in relpcdl of the Prioiiry of advancing the r Monies, or of the Dates of their refpective Securities*

XXXI. And

ii56	48'	GEO&GII III. Cap. 63.

Application of XXXI. And be it further enabled, That all the Monies which, before the Money. ^ j)ay 0f the Commencement of this Act, fhall have been raifed and produced upon the faid Roads by virtue of the faid fcveral Acts herein^ before repealed, or any of them, and fhall be undifpoled of on the Day cf the Commencement of this Act, and alfo all the Monies which fhall arife and be produced by or from the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable, together with the Monies which lhall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which fhall arife and be produced by virtue of this Ad, and not herein otherwife appropriated cr directed to be applied, fhall be vefted in the faid Truftees for the Time being, and applied to and for the fcveral Ufes, Intents and Purpofes, and in the Order and Manner following, that is to fay, in the Firft Place in Payment of all theCofts, Charges and Expences incident to cr attending the obtaining and paffing of this Acr, and in difeharging any Balance which fhall be due to the Trealurer cr Treafurers of the faid Two Diflricts of Road, with lawful Intereflfor the fame during the Forbearance thereof; in the Second Place in paying the Intereft accruing upon the feveral Principal Sums of Money herein-before made chargeable on the Tolls by this Act granted, and all other Principal Sums which fhall from Time to Time be borrowed and remain due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houfes and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing and improving the laid Road, and purchafing Lands for thofe Purpofes, and of executing the other Purpofes of this Act; and laftly, in reducing, paying off, and difeharging fuch feveral Principal Sums herein-before made chargeable and to be borrowed as aforefaid.

Trainees not XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained fhall pavements in authorize the faid Truftees or any of them to repair or amend the Pavr-Towu Streets, ments of the Streets of any Town through which the faid Road doth or may pafs.

Ap ointin^ XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That ic fhall be lawful for the faid officers. Truftees, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors of the faid Tolls, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treafureror Treafurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, of the laid Road, and fuch other Officers as the faid Truftees fhall think neceffary, and fuch Collectors, Clerks, Treafurers, Surveyors and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, or Refignation of any of them, to appoint others in their Salaries to	Stead; and the faid Truftees are hereby authorized to allow and

Oflitei*.	pay to the feveral Collectors, Clerks, Treafurers, Surveyors, and other

Officers, and tofuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall be affifting in the Execution of this Act, fuch Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and How officer# Service as the faid Truftees fhall deem reafonable; and all fuch Officers and to account. perfons fhall, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the faid Truftees, deliver to them or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall fur thatPurpofe appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their refpeClive Hands upon Oath (which Oath 2ny one or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) of all the Monies which they and every of them refpedively lhall have received to that Time by virtue cf this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and dilburfed 6	and

115 7

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

and for what Purpofe, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and (hall pay all fuch Monies as (hall remain in their or any of their Hands to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, and not otherwifc; and if any fuch Officer Penaltr on or Perfon (hall refufe ornegled to give fuch Account or to produce and l*efuf’1, deliver up fuch Vouchers as aforefaid, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Money due upon fuch Account in Manner aforefaid, or deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the laid Truftees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of this Ad, then and in every or any of the faid Cafes, it (hall be lawful for any T wo or more Juftic- s of the Peace for the County, Divifion, Diftrid, or Place where the Officer or Peifon fo making Default (hall be or refide, and fuch Juftices, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the faid Truftees, are hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry concerning fuch Rcfufal,

Default or Negled, as well by the Confeflion of the Parries themfelves refpedively, as by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath, which Oath rhe faid Juftices or any of them are and is hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward ; and if any fuch Officer or Perfon (hall be convided of any of the Offences aforefaid, fuch Juftices (hall upon fuch Convidion, commit him to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion of the fame County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he (hall have given or made fuch true and perfect Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he (hall have compounded and agreed with the faid Truftees (which Compofition the Truftees are hereby empowered to make) and (hall have paid fuch Competition in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees (hall appoint, or until he (hall have delivered up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or made Satisfadion in refpect thereof to the faid Truftees \ provided that no Perfon (hall be fo committed as laft aforefaid lor longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That upon the Death, Incapacity

or Ablence of any Collector of the Tolls, it (hall be lawful for any Three p-srary Color more of the faid Truftees, though not aflembled at a Meeting appoint- uftors* ed in purfuance of this Act, by any Writing under their refpective Hands to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Collector of the faid Tolls, ro continue until the then next Meeting of the faid Truftees, in the Place or Stead of fuch Collector as (hall fo die, or become incapable, or abfent himfclf.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees (hall and &?.* ogive they are hereby required to take fuch Security from the Treafurer or security. Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Cclledor or Collectors, and from

any other Officers to be appointed in purfuance of or for the Purpofes of this Ad, for the faithful Execution of their refpedive Offices, as the faid Truftees (hall think proper.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That after the Truftees who firft Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in purfuance of this in*th "pefed-Ad, no Truftee (hall be capable of voting or ading in any future Nomi- ing Year, not

[Loc. £s? Per.]	13 0	nation

US8	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap.63.

to vote on the Election of Officers.

Surveyors may get Materials for the Road.

Materials not to be taken fiom inclofed Grounds without an order from Two Jultices.

nation or Appointment of any fuch Officer or Officers upon Death or any other Vacancy, unlefs fuch Truftee fhall have aded as a Truftee in the Execution of this A A at lead Once within the Year preceding the Time thit fuch Vacancy fhall happen, the only Evidence whereof fhall be his having figned the Order Book of the faid Truftees.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Road for the Time being, and fuch other Perfon and Perfons as fhall be employed by fuch Surveyor, to cur, dig, gather, take and carry away any Furze, Heath, Scones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the faid Road, in, upon, out of, and from any Wafte Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks in any Parifh, Townfhip, or Diftrid within or near to which the faid Road doth or fhall pafs, without paying any Thing for the fame, fuch Surveyors or other Perfon or Perfons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence fuch Materials fhall be taken, or fufficiently fencing off fuch Pits, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paflengers or Cattle; and in cafe fuch Materials cannot be conveniently had in fuch Wafte Grounds, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks as aforefaid, then to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any fuch Material* as aforefaid, in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Land«, Grounds, and Quarries (except as herein-after is mentioned) making fuch Compenfation and Satisfadion for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, Grounds, and Quarries where, through, and from whence the fame fhall be dog, gathered, taken and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Wafte Ground, Common, Common Quarry, River, or Brook, fhall be conveyed, as any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrid: in which the Lands are fituate fhall judge reafonable, and fhall order and direct; which Compenfation and Satisfaction fhall and may be levied or recovered in like Manner as any Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines, are herein-after authorized to be levied or recovered.

XXXVIII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perlons, under the Authority of this Ad, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any fuch Materials as aforefaid in or from any inclofed or private Lands, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, figned by the faid Surveyor or fome other Officer of the faid Truftees, fhall have been given to the refptdive Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their ufual Place ©f Refidence refpedively, requiring them to appear before Two or more Juftices of the Peace ading for the County, Divifion, or Diftrid in which the Lands are fituate, at a certain Time and Place to belpecified in fuch Notice, to fhew Caufe why fuch Materials fhould not be taken away; and fuch Juftices, after hearing the Parties concerned, fhall, if they think proper, authorize fuch Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials at fuch Time or Times, and in fuch Manner as to fuch Juftices fhall feem proper; or if fuch refpcctive Owners or Occupiers fhall not by themfclves or their refpedive Agents attend purfuant to fuch Notice, fuch Juftices may make fuch Order therein as they fhall think fit, in the like Manner as if fuch refpedive Owners or Occupiers had attended purfuant to fuch Notice.

XXXIX. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.	1159

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled. That if any Peifon or Perfc-ns fliaH Take or carry away any Materials which {hall have been dug or gathered Materials got for the Purpofe of making or amending the laid Road, or {hall get or take by surveyors, away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which (hall have been made, for the Purpofe of getting Materials for the faid Road, before the laid Surveyor or his Workmen fliall have diicortinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Perfon or Perfons authorized by fuch Owners or Occupiers) and who may get Materials therein for their own Ufe only, and not for the Ufe of any other Highway or for Sale, every Perfon fo offending and being lawfully convidted thereof fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difereuon of the Juftice or Juftices before whom luch Offender fliall be convicted.

XL. And be it enadled, That no Dung, Alhes, Compoff, Manure, or For prevent-other Thing fhall be unloaded or laid down upon the laid R^ad, or upon 0Jrl^ any Moor, Common or Waite Ground, nearer to the Centre of the faid Sides of the Road than the Diftance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Perfon fo Roaci* offending and being lawfully convicted thereof, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings ; and if after the Removal of any fuch Dung, A(hes, Compoft, Manure, or other Thing as aforefaid, any Peifon fhall offend again in like Manner, every Perfon fo offending again, and being lawfully convidted thereof, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLI. And be it farther enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Surveyors™* Surveyor, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he (hall appoint from Time to Time, ro remove and prevent all Nuifances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obflrudlions on any Part or Parts of the faid Road, by Timber, Stone,

Carriages, Sawpits, or other Pits, A Hies, Dung, Filch, Rubbilh or other-wife, and alio to turn any Watercourfes, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the fame, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, fcour, and cleanfe, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourfe adjoining or near to any Part of the faid Road, and alfo to cut down, top, or lop any Trees, Branches, or Bufhes growing in the faid Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banks, or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the lame; in cafe the relpedtive Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds where fuch Annoyances fliall happen to be, fhall negledl fo to do fer Ten Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe under the Hand of fuch Surveyor and the Charges thereof refpe&ively (being fettled by the faid Truliees) fhall be rcimburfed to fuch Surveyor by fuch rtfpedlive Owners or Occupiers fo negledting as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Charges fliall not be paid on Demand, the fame fliall be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, by this Adi authorized to be impofed, are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered ; and if after the Removal of any fuch Nuifances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obftruclions as aforefaid, any Perfon fhall offend again in like Manner, every Perfon fo offending again, and being lawfully convidted thereof, fliall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Surveyors

XLII. And be it further enadted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid *mp w.redto Surveyor and Surveyors, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they fliail fUddenCoi>-appoint from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to rtrutfious,

___„ without

remove Notice.

n6o

48° GEORGII III. Cap.63.

remove att {uch Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things as fhall fuddenly fall or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Part of thefaid Road by this Adi authorized to be repaired, fo as 11 narrow or obftruft the Paflage along the fame, and to carry and place the famt- on any Wafle Ground near thereto, fo as the fame be no Annoy, ance to Travellers ; and fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fhall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence fuch Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things (hall fo Hide or fall, or be blown down as alorefaid, and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be fettled by the faid Truftees) fhall be reimburfed and paid to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors by fuch Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in fuch Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences againft this Adi arc hereby diredted to be recovered.

Penalty on XLIII. And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall living ob- wilfully fet, place, or leave any Timber, Stones, or other Thing whar-hawbng^Tim- foever in or upon any Part or Parts of the faid Road, fo as to interrupt ber or store* or hinder the free Paflage along the faid Road of any Carriage, or of any on the Road. perp,n or perfons> or fhall haul or draw, or caufe to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the faid Road (excepting only in crofling the fame) any. Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwife than upon Wheeled Carriages, or fhall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which fhall be conveyed upon Wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the faid Road to the Prejudice thereof, every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes laft mentioned, and being lawfully convidted thereof, lb -11 forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

XLIV. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Ptrfons fhall ride upon any Footway adjoining the faid Road by this Act authorized to be repaired, or ihall lead or drive any Hoife, Afs, Cattle, Sheep, or Swine, or any Carriage on fuch Footway, or fhall caufe any Damage to be done thereto, or fhall put or turn any Horfe, Afs, Sheep, Swine, or other Beafl: or Cattle of any Kind, into or upon the faid Road or the Sides thereof, or if any Horfe, Afs, Sheep, Swine, Bead, or Catrle Ihall be found loofe or trefpafiing on the faid Road, or if any Perfon fhall (except in cafe of Accidents) leave any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Plough or other Inftrument of Hufbandry, in or upon the faid Road or the Sides thereof, either with or without any Horfe or Beafl of Draught harneflfed or yoked thereto^ (except only with refpedl to fuch Waggon, Cart or Carriage, during fuch reafonable Time as the lame fhall be loadirg or unloading, and Handing as near the Sides of the faid Road as conveni ntly may be) every Perfon fo offending, or the Owner of fuch Cattle fo found trefpafiing, Ihall forfeit and pay for the Firfl Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Second and any fubfequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors may XLV. And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the faid wylSriM, Surveyor and any other Perfon or Perfons, by order of the faid Truftees, &c.	* to make Caufeways or Footways, and tp cut and make Ditches, Drains,

and Watercourfes in, upon, and on the Sides of the faid Road, and to eredl, rebuild, and keep in Repair Bridges and Arches upon the faid Road, and acrofs any fuch Ditch, Drain, or Watercourfe asaforefaid, and to *1	make

Penalty on damaging Footways, or canting Nui-fances or Ob-ftructions on the Road.

li6x

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

make fufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Parr or Parts of the laid Road, in order to prevent the lame from being flooded or overfl /w d with Water, and to cut down and remove any Trees or Underwoods growing in or upon the laid Road or any Part thereof, where fuch Road is not Thirty Feet wide; and to caule every Aft which lhall be neceflary to be done upon any Land or Ground (not hereinafter excepted) in fuch Manner as fuch Surveyor or other Perfon or Peribns by fuch Order asaforefaid (hall judge neceflary for the widening or belter amending and keeping the faid Road in good Repair •, and alfo to make or caufe to be made any temporary Read or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the faid Road (except as hereinafter is mentioned) to be made ufe of as a Road whillt the old Road (hall be repairing, and until the lame (hall be made Cafe and convenient for Travellers, making fuch Satisfa&ion to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Ground fo to be ufed, cut through, or built upon, and to the Owners or Occupiers of any fuch private River, Rivulet, Brook or Watercourfe, or of any Ground through which the Stream thereof fhall be fo diverted and conveyed, or on which fuch neceflary ACts fhall be done as aforefaid, for the Damages which they or any of them (hall fufta n thereby, as the faid Truftees (hall judge rea-Jonable; and in cafe any Difference (hall happen between fuch Owners or Occupiers and the faid Trufttes touching fuen Damages, the fame (hall be fettled by the Jufticcs of the Peace for the (aid County, Divifion, or Dif-triCt in which the Lands are fltuate, at their General or Quarter Stflions of the Peace to be held for fuch County, Divifion or DiftnCt, next after fuch Difference (hall arife ; and if any Owner or Occupier of any Water- Owners re-courfeor Watercourfes, Ditch or Ditches adjoining to the (aid Road, (hall WaurcoSel? refufe or negleCt to fcour, deepen, andcleanfe the fame Twice in every the surveyor Year in fuch Manner as the laid Surveyor or fuch other Perfon or Perfons "^cie^nfe**he as aforefaid (hall order and direCt, after Ten Days Notice (hall be given lame, a a levy for that Purpofe by fuch Surveyor or other Perlon or Perfons, then and thc Charge, in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Surveyor or other Perfon or Perfons, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to employ any Perfon or Perfons to fcour, deepen, and cleanfe the fame, and by Warrant from the faid Truftees, to levy the Charges thereof upon the refpe&ive Owners or Occupiers of fuch Watercourfe or Watercourfes, Ditch or Ditches, by Diftrtfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to him, her, or them, upon Demand.

XLVI. And be it furrher enacted. That in cafe the faid Truftees or any Powerto Seven or more of them, (hall at any Time or Times, during the Conti- widen, turn, nuance of this Act, think proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or ^r0^jfrthe Parts of the faid Road, either tor (hortening or rendering the fame more commodious, or for avoiding any Hill or Afcent, or otherwife for the better Accommodation of Paffer.gers j then and fo often (except in the Cafe hereinafter mentioned) they the faid Truftees for the Time being, or any Seven or more of them, (hall have full Power and.Authority from Time to Time to widen any Part t r Parts of the laid Road, and to divert, turn, or alter the Coutfe or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new or more convenient Carriage Road through or over any Moor, Common, or Wafte Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame ; and alfo through or over any private Lands or Grounds (except as hereinafter is mentioned) firft makmg Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Per-lons interefted therein, fur thc Damages they may thereby fuftain, and f Lqc. & Per.']	13 P	fuf

ii62	48*	GEO	R.G	11 III. Cap. 63.

for that Purpofe it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them, to treat, cootraft, and agree with the Owners of and Per-fons kiterefted in any private Lands or Grounds for the Purclnfe thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage fuch Owners and Perfons inferefted, or any of them (hall or may any Way fuftain by fuch widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the faid Road, or the making any fuch new Road as aforefaid.

Directions as XLVII. Ar.d whereas the Lid Road leading through the Town of through^he Cclfierworth aforefaid is very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be Town of col- fufikiently widened without taking down and removing feveral Houfes and fterworth.	Buildings: And whereas the faid Truftees may under the Provifions oi

this Aft, think it right and proper to divert iuch Road, and it would be of great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the faid Town if fuch Road were diverted under the Provifions of this Aft, and the p.efent Road (lopped up in confequence of fuch Diverfion ; be it therefore enabled. That in cafe it (hall appear right and proper to the faid Truftees to divert fuch old Road it (hall r ot be lawful to and for the find Truftees to ftop up or difpofe of tie (aid Read leading through the Town of CclJierworth9 but iuch Road leading through the fame Town (hall notwithllanding continue to be maintained, (upported, and repaired, by the faid Truftees by Tirtue of this Aft.

to Co XLVIII. And be it forthet enafted, That it (hall be lawful to and for p—tr all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or fell	Sole, and all Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guatdians,

and other Truftees whatfoevtr, for and on Behalf of any In lanes. Femes Covert, cejluique Troll, and for all and every Pcrfon and Perfcns whomfoever, who are and (hall be leized and pofftffed of or interefted »n any fuch Lands or Grounds, to contraft and agree with the faid Truftces or any Seven or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages as aforefaid, or to fell to them or any Seven or more c f them all cr any of fuch Lands or Grounds as Occafior. (hali require ; and all Contracts and Sales which (hall be 10 made, fiiall, without any Conveyance or Affurance in the Law, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofcs whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Uiage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithftandingand all fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians and Truftees, and all other Perfons arc and (hall be hereby indemnified ior what they (hall do by vlrruc or ’n purfuance of this Aft; and if any of fuch Owners, IfuM bya Projreiors. Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Cor posin’aUer’ r2t*ons Aggregate or Sole, Truftees, or any other Pcrfon Gr Perfcns tain cats jntereftcd in any fuch Lands or Grounds, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them given, cr left at the itfpcftive Dwtlling Houfes or Places of Abode ot iuch Pcrfon or Perfons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of (uch Bodies Politic, Corporate cr Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfecf the Tenant in Poffeffton oi the Lands ur Grounds foto be taken in and added to any Part of the laid Road, or into which any Part or Parts of fuch Road is or are to be turned or altered as aforefaid, (hall by the Space of Ten Days after iuch Notice given or left as afore-iaid, negleft or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premiles or by reafon of Abfence ffiall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any fuch Cale, the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them (hail caufe it to be enquired into and after tained, by and upen the Oaths of a

Jury

1163

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County where the Lands are fituue (which Oaths any one or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby-empowered and required to adminifter) what Damages will be fuftained bv, and what Recoropence and Satisfaction lhall be made to fuch Owners,

Occupiers, or other Perfon or Perfons interefted for or on Account of the taking of fuch Lands or Grounds into the Lid Road, or of turning any Part or Parts of fuch Read into or through the fame Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto, the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before the faid Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Perfon cr Perfjns whom foe ver who fhall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as a Witnefs or Witneffes touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifter), and they'(hall alfo order and caule the faid Jury to view the Places inQueftion, if there be Occafion, and ufe all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premifes, as the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them (hall think fit ; and after the faid Jury lhall have enquired of, afeertained, and fettled fuch Damage, Recom-pence, and Satisfaction, the fud Truftees or any Seven or more of them lhall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid to the faid Owners or Occupiers of, or other Perfons in terefted in the faid Lands or Grounds, according to fuch Verdidl or In-quifnion of the faid Jury, which faid VerdiCt or Inquifition, and O der fo had and nude lhall be final, binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofts againft ail Parties and Perfons whomfotver claiming any Eftate in Thru- verdhft Fee Simple, crFeeTail tor LifeorLives, or Years in Poff ffion, Reverfion, t 1 Remainder or otherwife, their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Admini-ftrators. Infant1!, Iffue unborn. Femes Covert, Perfons beyond the Seas, or under any other Difabiliry wbatfoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sol«, as well as all other Perfons whomforver; and for the furnmor.ing and returning of fuch Jury or Juries the laid Truftees or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to iffue tht ir Warrant cr Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where the moafur>Um* Lands are fituaie ; or in cafe fuch Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies lhall be any wile interefted in the Matter in Queftion, then to lome one of the Coroners of the fame County not interelted therein, thereby commanding and requiring fuch Shiriff or Coroner to empannel, fummon and return a Jury of Twenty-four honeft and indifferent Men qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials cf Hues in His Majdty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, to appear before the faid Truftees or any Seven or more of them, at fuch Time and Place as in Inch Warrants lhall be appointed; and the faid Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or the faid Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, fummon and return iuch Number accordingly, and out of the Perfons lo impannelled, fummoned, and returned, or out or fuch of them as Hull appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Truftees or any one or more of them lhall fwear or caufe to be fworn.

Twelve, who fhall be a Jury for the Purpoles aforefaid , and in Default ota Sufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies or the faid Coroner, fhail return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers bv, or that can be fpeedily procured to attend that Service,

(being qualified as laft aforefaid) to the Number of Twelve, and all Perfons concerned fhail have their lawful Challenges 3ga<nft any of the faid 5	Jurymen

1164.

48* GE-ORG11 III. Cap. 63.

Jurymen when they come to be fworn, but (hall not challenge the Array and the (aid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them tiding in the Pre-mifes, (hall have Power from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable fined^*nc tr Fines on laid Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, kctofDuty?" °r on fuch Coroner making Default in the PremTes, and on any of the Ptrfons that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and (hall not appear, or who (hall retufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fworn refufing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and on any of che Perfons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury touching the PremiTcs, (hall refufc or negled to appear, or appearing (hail refute to be fworn and give Evidence ; provided thac no fuch Fine (hall exceed the Sum of Ten Founds uprn any fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner j or the Sum of Five Pounds on any other Perfon for any one Offence.

XLIX. And be it further ens&ed, That every Sumof Money,Recompence c+nfefmoncy” and Satisfaction which fhall be agreed for or affrff d as aforcfaid, (hall be i* 10 be paid, p^id out of the Monies which fhall arife and be produced by virtue of this Ad to the Parties or Ptrlor.s refpeitively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the lame upon leaving the fame in the Hands of theTreafurer of the faid Road tor the Ufe of foch Parties or Perfons, or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of and Perfons intereflcd in fuch Lands or Grounds (hall from thenceforth be divided oi all Righf, '1 itlr* Claim, Intereft, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame ; and fuch Lands or Grounds fhall be laid into and made Part of the fatci Road, in fuch Manner as the faidTruffes or any Seven or mere of them tball dirtd, and fhall be by them or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Seven or more of tl em fhall appoint, lufficientiy drained, dirched, tended and fet out for ihai Purpo'e, ami fhall from thenceforth to all Intents and Purpofcs whatfoever becomeand forever afterwards be acommon Highway, and fhall be deemed Part of ihe Ro. d to be repaired by virtue of this Ad, and fhall be repaired accordingly ; and after (uch new Road (hail be completed, the Lands conftituting the former Road or any Part thereof; unlefs Lading over fome Moor or Wade Ground, or to or through fome Town, oUIR'j.hI when Village, or Hamlet, to or through which fuch new Ro..d doth not lead any Road fliall or pais, (hall be veiled in the faid Trullecsfor the Time being, and fuch lieu thereof. Truftres or any Seven or more of them, (hall fell and convey the fame for the btft Price that can begotten, and the Money arihng from fuch Sale (hall be applied for the Purpoles of this Ad ; and the faid Truftees or any

Truffess may

Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered t

in Exchange a<

Part or Parts of tie Lands conftmuing the former Roads, for any Part or Parts ot fuch new Read, and the Sale i r Sales, Conveyance or Conveyances, Exchange or Exchanges to be made of (uch Lands or Grounds being executed by che laid TrultcCs or any Seven or more of them, fhall be good and effectual in Law to ail Intents and Purpoles whaiLevcr.

No Building^ L. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this or Garden^2 Aft contained (hall empower the fair! Truftees or any of them,or any ocher Ground, &c. perf0n or Perfons to pull down or damage any Dwelling Houfe or other foMl^Pnr- Building, or to take, ufe, or poffcls any Ground having been ufed as a pole* of this Garden,Oahaid, Yard, Walk, Lawn or Avenue to a Houfe or Plantation, or

Mt-	Nurlctp

48“ GEORGII III. Cap.63.	irfi?

Nurfery of Trees, fortheSpace of T welveCalendarMonthsrhen lafl: pafft, without the Content in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every fuch Dwelling Houle or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue, or Plantation, or Nurfery of Trees ret'pe&ively, his, her or their Agent or Agents under their rcfpc&ive Hands for that Purpofc fir ft: had and obtained.

LI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in cafe the ancient Roads dif. or funner Road over any Moor t r Wafte Ground lhail by virtue of this rtplred! A& be turned or diverted, die Inhabitants of the Parilh, Town (hip or Hamlet wherein the ancient or former Road which (hail thereby be left or discontinued, (hall be fituate, (hall not be obliged to repair fuch ancient or former Road, unleis the fame leads to fome Town, Village, 01 Ham-ler, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

LIT. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the faid Directing Truftees, before they (hall fell and ciifpofe of any Piece 0^ Pieces of old j^oadb to be Roads, Ihdi fipft offrr the firre to the Perfon or.Perfons whole Lands (hall offered for adjoin thereto, and in cafe fuch Perfon orPerfons refpeeftively (liall not then propri-tors and thereupon agree, or fball refule to purchafe the fame refpectively, of the atijoin-any Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mafter Extraordinary in the inS Lands« High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majefty’s Jultices of the Peace by fume Perfon or PePons not interefted, dating that fuch Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Truftets, and that filth Offer was nor then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Ptrfons to whom the lame was fo offered, (hall be lufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Pcrf ns to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be) and in cafe fuch Perfon Qr Pe'fons (hall be defirous of purchafing the lame, and he, (he, or they, or the faid Truftees, fhall differ and not agree with refpefl .0 the Price Thereof, in fuch Cafe the Price or Prices thereof lliail be afeertained by a Jury in Manner ht rein-before dirt died with refpect to difputed Value of Lands to bc purchafcdby the faid Truftees in puifuance of this Acl, and theExpence of hearing anddetermini.ngfuch Difference fhall be borne and paid in like Manner a herein directed wuh relptdl to Purchafes made by the faid Truftees jiiutatis mutandis; and the Money to arife by the Sale or Salts which may be made by the laid Truftees as aforelaid, fhall be applied to the Purpofcs of this Ad, but the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof (hall not be anfwerable or accountable for any Mifappiicatioa or Nonapplication of fuch Money.

LlII. Provided alfo, That no Perfon (hall a& as a Trntlee in any Cafe Tn:ftees not relating to the contra&ing for or purchafing of any Lands, Grounds or interefTed!1 * Hereditaments, wherein he (hall be perfonaliy interefted.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That if any Money ihall be agreed or Application of affefftd to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- CopjPe»fation dialed, taken, or ufed by virtue of this A eft, which fnall belong to any amounting to Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, *°®u Feoffees in Truft, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, Femes Covert, or otherincapacitatedPerlonorPerfons, fuch Money (hall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parie the Truftees for executing this Act, to the Intent that fuch Money [Lee. C35 Per.]	13	Q	fhall

i i<j6

48* G E O R G11 III. Cap, 63.

iiiall be paid under the Dire&icm and with the Approbation of the fa id Court, (to be (ignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way bv the Perfun or Per funs who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faicl Lends, Tenements, < r Hereditament ,) in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or Dirtharge of any Dent or Debts, or lucb other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the Paid Court fhali authorize to be paid, arteding the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or arte ding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled to the fame or the like Ufcs, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money ihall net be fc applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchjfe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Ihall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ulcs, Trulls, Intents, and Purports, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchaled, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exilling, undetermined, and capable of taking Eff*d ; and in the mean Time, and unty fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fha’l by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application the'eto, be inverted by the faid Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and untii the faid Bank Annuities dial! he ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated Bank Annuities or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall, fiom Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to tilt Perlon or Pcrfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fo hereby dirrded to be purchafed in ca!e fuch Pur-chafe or Settlement were made.

If und*r2ool. LV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money, and exceeding p0 a,,reed or afleffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Perlon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, Ihall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and Ihall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of thePerfon or Perfons for the Time bring entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed; or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fio--nified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direded, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trultees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Truflees for executing this Ad (fuch Nomination and A pproba-tion to be fignified in Wiiting under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing ihereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe fhall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LVJ. Provided

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.	1167

LVJ. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&edj That when fuch W under 20!. Money, fo agreed or afTefled to be paid as hereinbefore mentioned, lhall be iefs than Twenty Pounds then and in all fuch Cafes the lame lhall be applied to the Uleof the Perfon 01 Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Iiere-d.raments fo purchased, taken, or uled for the Puipofes of this Acl, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Three or more of them fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and fur the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Per funs fo entided refpettively.

LVII. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Tn cafe of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded or affefled for ^jkc!g"s out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafrd by virtue of this Adi, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or lhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the laid Truftees, or in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Monev fhall be fo awarded or afiefifed as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, to order the Sum or Sums of Monty fo awarded or aflVfied as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank

England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Par-lies interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, {deferibing them), fubject to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which fa:d Court on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, lhall be, and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court lhall feem meer, to order the fame to be laid ouc and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rcfpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Incereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court lhall feem juft: and reasonable, and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who lhall rec eive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for vvhofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforefaid.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enatted, That’where any Quef- Where any tion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid 5nfeftto"chin» into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- the Title t©S CCuntam-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Abt, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of ions’who may any Eftate, Right, or intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Heredita-n.ents, to be purchas'd in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annui- thereunt®!* 'd tif-s to be purebafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch 8	Perfon

i x6S

48° GEORGII III. Cap.63.

Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofieflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofieflion, until the contrary fliall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, uniefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofieflion was a wrongful Pofieflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

ctanc5yma°f BIX, Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, Thar where, by renfon order Ex pen- of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, 5es*fofbeUrCa d" ent‘c^ t0 any Bands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by the Truf- under the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall tew.	be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the

Purchafe of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of this Ad, it fliall be lawful for the laid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes bom Time to Time, to be made in purluance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court (hall deem reafonablc, together with the neceffarv Ccfts and Charges ofob.ain-ing fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpoles as the faid Court fliall dired.

New Road* IX. And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where the faid to he kneed Trufteea (hall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parcs of the faid Road, or tee*hC rrUf make any new Road over and through any incloled Lands or Grounds, the faid Trudies fhall make or caufe to be made Quickfet or other proper Fences where necefiary, as the Cafe (hall require, fo as effedually to guard and fence off rhe Lands adjoining to the faid Road, and alfoproper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where neceffary, out of the faid Road into the Lands adjoining, and fhall keep the Quirkier or other Fences fo to be made, in proper Order and Repair for the Term of Six Years from the Time fuch Quickfet Fences (hall have been made and planted.

erfons liable LXI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That where any and °Lands particular Part or Parts of the laid Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, chargeable to Sewers, or Watercourfes lying in and upon the fame Road, have been Roa?s and0f accuftomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Per-Brid^es to	fon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by reafon of the Tenure of

continue fo. any Lancj5j Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the faid County cf Lincoln, or any Diviflon, Diftrid, Ward, Parilb, or Townfiiip therein or otherwife howfoever, all and every fuch Part or Parts of the faid Road, and all fuch Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Waterccurfes, fliall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by fuch Perion or Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, County, Diviflon, Difirid, Wards, Pariflies, or Townfliips refpedively, in fuch Manner as the fame ought to have been refpedively maintained and kept in Repair in cafe this statute Work Ad had not been made: Provided always. That all Perfons by Law to be con- chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the faid Road, or any tinued. Bridges thereon, fliall ftill remain fo chargeable, and fhall do their refpec-tive Statute and other Work in or upon the other Highways of the

Parifhes

48* GEORGII III. CaJ>.6$.	ji6g

Parifhes, Townfhip?, or Diftrids in which the faid Road doth or Hiall lie, in like Manner as before the palling of this Ad (f'ubjed neverthclefs to the Regulations herein-after exprefled concerning the lame); and where any old Road fhall be difcontinued by virtue of this Ad, fuch Statute or other Work fhall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

LXll. And, for afeertaining and determining what Part of the Statute How tbeSta. Work ought to be performed on the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the [“be^por-** leveral Parifhes, Townlhips, and Diftrids through which the faid Road tiontd; doth or may pafs, be it further enaded, Thai it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Jufticcs of the Peace for the Councy, Divifion, or Dif-ttid in which the Parilh or Townfhip is fituate, and they are hereby required, at any Petty or Special Sedions of the Peace, upon Application to them made by the faid Truflees, to adjudge and determine what Part or Pfopoition of the Statute Work fhall yearly and every Year be done, in and upon the Road hereby direded to be repaired, by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parifhes, Townlhips, or Diftrids in or through which the faid Road doth or may pafs.

LXI1I. And be it further enabled. That the refpedive Surveyors of the and robe Highways in all the Parilheg Townlhips, and Diftrids through which ^erlo‘mc the faid Road doth or may pafs, (hall yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Ad, within Ten Days after Demand made to them refpedivcly in Writing by the Treafurer, Cleik, or Surveyor of the faid Road, in purlinnceot an Order under the Hands of Two or more ading Juftices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, or Diftrid in which che Parilh or Tcwnfhip is fituate, give and deliver to the Peri, n making fuch Demand a true and exad Lift or Account, in Writing under their refptdive Hand*;, of the Chriftian and Surname of every Pcrfon in their faid reff.edive Par:fhe.c, Townlhips, and Diftrids, who aie by Law chargeable towards repairing the L.d Road in fuch Parifhes, Townlhips, and Diftrids, and lhall let forth in fuch Lift what each Perfon is rtfpec-tively chargeable with for and towards the fame, and alfo the full Rent or Annual Value of Lands, Woods, Tytl.es, and Hereditaments in each cf fuch Perfon*s Occupation j and fuch refpedive Parifli or Townfhip Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the faid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the l ime or Times when and where, and how many of the Pcrfons fo chargeable as aforefaid, he would have toper-form their refptdive Statute or Days Work, fhall fummon or give Notice thereof in the Mode preferibed by Law to the Perfou fo chargeable as afortfaid ; and if any fuch Parilh or Townfhip Surveyor or Surveyors lhall neglect or refufe to do as he or they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or (hall wilfully return incorrtd or imperfed Lifts, h« and they fhall refpedivcly forfeit and pay 2 Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Refufal or Neglect-, and if any Perfon or Perfons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught cr Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the faid Road, fhall after fuch Summons 01 Notice as aforefaid negled cr refufe to fend their refpedive Teams, Draughts, Carts or Wains, fjjrnilhed with Labourers and Oxen or Horfes according to the Cuftom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform fuch their refpedive Days Work upon the laid Road fo to be adjudged and apportioned as afordaid, he, (lie, or they [Loc. & Per.13 R	fo

rijo

TIic Troflee may compel Surveyors of Highways to

Statute and other Work may be compounded tor.

4.8‘GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

fo negleding or refufing (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain (hall be wanting, or (hall noc be duly employed in that Service •, and if any Laboureis or other Pei Tons fo chargeable cowards repairing thefaid Road fhal at any Time negied or refule (after fuch Summons or Notice as aforefaid) to do and peiform fuch their refpedive Days Work upon the fame Road, they fhcli refpedively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and.S.xpence for eve'y Day’s Neglect ; and if any Pcrfon or Perfons who (hall, according to (uch Summons or Notice as aforefaid, come to work as Labourers, or lhall be fent v\ith any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on thefaid Road, (hall be found idle or negligent by the Lid Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors refpedively where the Work is to be done, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby authorized and required to discharge and difmifs every fuch Perf .n or Perfons who {hall be fo found idle or negligent, or not doing their Woik, and ir (hall be deemed and taken as if iuch Perfons had not come, or as if fuch Team, Wain, Daughr, or Cart had not been fent to work on the laid Road, and the fame Sum (hall be accordingly forfeited and paid ; and if any Statute Work (hall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the fame {hall be performed in the Courfe of the fucceeding Year.

LXIV. Provided alwayc, and be it further enaded, That it (hail be lawful for any Two or mere ading Juftices of the Peace for the Laid County of Lincoln, or any Divificn or Diftrid therein refpedively, by Writing under their H mds to fummon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of the Parifhes or Placts (the Inhabitants whereof (hall be liable to perform Statute Work on the Road by this Ad authorized to be repaired) to appear before the faid Juftices, and there to deliver in tu them a full, true, and juft Account in Writing of all Sums cf Money by them refpedivJy received for, in lieu of, or by way of Compofition for Statute Work in their feveral or refpedive Parifhes or Places (which Account (ball be verified upon Oath); and in cafe the Perfon or Perrons fo fummoned fhal) negied to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or {hall refute or negied to deliver in fuch Account as aforefaid, cr if required to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treafurer of thefaid Road, or as the faid Juftices (hall dired, within Five Day* from the Time of producing the faid Accounts, or whereon the fame ought to have peen produced, fuch proportionable Part of ail fuch Compofition Money as fuch Surveyor or Surveyors or any of them (hall have received, or without: their wilful .Negied or Default might have been received, that then and in all or any of the faid Cafes, the Pcrlon or Perfons fo offending (hail for every feparate Offence forfeit and pay a Sum net exceeding Five Pounds.

LXV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftecs from Time to Time to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife, with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, cr other Perfons, Body Politic or Corporate, liable to or chargeable with, or towards the Repair of any Part or Parts of the faid Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourfcs lyin<* in and upon the fame, or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for

the

II7i

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 63.

the P .ymeRt of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of fuch Repair? and Sratme Work refpedivcly, and alfo fer the refpcctive Surveyors of rite Highway1' of any of the laid Paridirs, Townlhips, and Diftri&s through which the fa d Roadlhali pafs, to compound and agree by the Year or otheiwifr, with thefaid Truftees for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of fuch Parifhes, Tovvnfhips, and Diltrids upon any Part or Parts of the Paid Road.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Compnfition Money Jo rc-agreed to be paid for palling through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in t0 nP'>fitior» lieu of any fuch Repairs or Statute Work as aforelaid, or any Parc or Ml,,1n-'Cttbfr, Parts of fuch Compofition Money refpeftively Qiall not be paid within «thVrUtC* Fifteen Days after the fame (hall become payable, it fhall be lawful for any Woik.

Two or more Juitices of the Peace for the County o{ Lincoln, or any Divifion or Diftiiit therein refpedtively, by Writing under their refpi&ive Hands and'Seals, to empower the Perfon or Perfons authotized to receive fuch Compofition Money (Oath having been fir ft made before fuch Juftires that the fame hath been demanded aud remains due, which Oath they are hereby rtfpc&ively empowered and required to adininifter) to levy fuc'n Compofition Money by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Perfon or Pcr-lons l'o having compounded or agreed to pay fuch Compl etion Money as aforefaid returning the Overplus, (if any) after deducting fuch Compofition Money, and the rtafonable Charges of fuch Diftrcfs and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

I*XVII. And be it further enabled. That the rtfpe&ive Surveyors of How Survey, the Highways who fhall pay any luch Compofition Money, or of whom	3IC

the fame fhall be recovered as aforefaid, (hall be repaid or rtimbuifcd to be reimW-the Compofit»on M mey paid by or recovered of them re fpedively, with 5fflt^*Conl‘ the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Recovery by the feveral Ways and Money. Means, and in fuch Manner as by the Laws in being. Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimburfed the Monies by them expanded in buying Materials for repairing the faid Highways.

LXVIII. And be it further enafled, That the faid Truftees, or fuch Truftees may Perfon or Perfons as they fhall for that Purpofe appi nr, are hereby	for

empowered to contra# with any Perfon or Perfons for making, altering, q>,irs' railing, widening and repairing the faid Road or any Part or Parts thereof rclpectivcly, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this AQ. authorized to be done, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Truftees fhall think proper; and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purpofes afore-laid which fhall be entered into purfuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the faid Truftees, fhall be binding to all Parties who fhall fign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Adminiftrators, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cofts recovered again!! the Parties failing in the Execution thereof,

L.XIX. And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees fhall caufe MHeftone* Mileltones or Ports to be fet up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof refpe&ively, with Infcriptions thereon, denoting the erected, Clumber of Miles and Diftances of Places, and alfo Direction Polls w’here

any

ii7*

Penalty on

defacing

How Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fine* are to be recovered and applied.

Conviction.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 63.

any other Roads lead out of or into the fame Road ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall willfully break, pull down, deftroy, or damage any of the Stones or Polls which lhali be fo fixed or fet up, or eraftr, obliterate, or deface any of the Infer iptions or Letters which Hull be. engraven or made thereon or any Part thereof, or cauje or procure the fame to be done, every Perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convided thereof, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at i he Difcretion of the Jufliceor Juftices before whom fuch Offender lhali be convicted.

LXX. And be it further enabled, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act impofed or authorized cu be impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwife particularly directed) fhall u^on Proof of the Offences and Convi-lion of the Offenders refped-ively before any One or more Juftice or Juliices of the Peace for the County, Divifion, cr Diftrid wherein fuch Offences fhall be committed, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Jufticcs (which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juftice or Juliices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant and to admi lifter fuch Oath) and the Overplus, after luch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale are deduded, lhali be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods anti Chattels, and all fuch Prnalties, Forfeitures and Fines (if not otherwife direded by this Ad) fhall be paid to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, and applied for the Purpofcs of this Ad $ and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, and fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines fhall not be forthwith paid, fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required by Warranc or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or H ufe of Corredion for fuch County, Divifion, or Diftrid, there to remain without Bail cr Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, lhali befooner paid and l'atisfied.

LXXI. And for the more eafy Convidion of Offenders againft this Ad, be it further en2ded, That the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Peifon or Perfons lhali be convided of any Offence againft this Ad, may caufe theConvdion to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Cafe fhall happen to be.

County of |« T>E it remembered, That on [Time cf Conviclion] at [Place to wit J c Conviction] /I. B. [Name of Offender] of [Addition of ‘ Offender] was duly convided before me, [or, us) [Name and Style of ‘ convifling JuJlice crjujlices] for that the faid A. B. [Name cf Offender] on

*	[Time cf committing Offence] aid [ben fate the Offence againft the A5t

*	according to the Falcon trary to tiie Formof the Statute made in the Fort

‘ eighth Year of the Reign of His Majtfty King George the Third, intituled « [here fet forth the Title cf this Act] and I [or, we] do therefore declare 6 and adjudge, that the laid A. B. [Name of Offender] hath fur.'eited for « his faid Offence the Sum of [Fine] or fhill be committed to [Place cf

*	lir.frijonmtnt] lor the Space of [Time of Imprifonmeni]. Given under

a	my

1 *73

48° GEORGII III. Cap.63*

*	my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year firft

*	above written.

LXXII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hill think himfelf, herfeft, or theinfelves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before provided (fave and except the Verdift of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before dftefted to be final) fuch Perfon or Perfons may within Six Calendar Months after the Caufe of Complaint (hall arife, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Seflions, to be holden for the County, Divifion or Diftrict, wherein the Caufe of Appeal fhali arife, fuch Appellant or Appellants firft giving or caufing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writing of hfs, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal and of the Caufes or Matters thereof, tothe Cleik or Clerks, Treafurer or T reafurers of the faid Road, and within Four Days next after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, Divifion, or Diftrift, \*ith Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seflions, and to pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded againft him, her, or them by fuch Juftices 3 and fuch Juftices at their faid Seflions on due Proof of fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance fhali proceed to hear and finally determine the Caufes and Matters of fuch Appeal, in a fummary Way, and award Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft, as they (hall think proper, and their Determination fhali be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfo-ever.

LXXIII. And be it further enafted. That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truftees in the Execution of this Aft, fhali be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and (hall be figned by the fame Number of Truftees as are empowered to make or direft the fame, and (hall then be deemed original Orders and Proceedings; which Book or Books as alfo the Book hereby direfted to be kept for regiftering Mortgages and Transfers, fhali and may be produced and read in Evidence, in all Courts, and before all Juftices and other Perfons having Jurifdiftion in the Premifes.

LXXIV. And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees may fue and be I'ued for or concerning any Thing which fhali be done contrary to or by virtue of this Aft, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direftion of or againft the faid Truftees in the Name of the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers by virtue of this Aft, fhali abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers or by the Aft of fuch Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Tieafurers, without the Confent of the faid Truftees, but that the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being to the faid Truftees, fhali be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendanr, Plaintiff* of Defendants, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Aftion; and every fuch Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, in whofe Name or Names any Aftion or Suit fhali be commenced, profccuted, or defended in purfuance of this Aft, (hall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arife [Loc, Per.']	13	S	by

Appeal to the

Books to he kept.

Trufteei map

fue and be fued in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer.

48* GEORGII III. Cap.63.

by virtue of ihis Act, all fuch Cods, Charges, Damage.*, and Expences as by the Event or in confcquence of any fuch Adtion or Proceedings he or they fhall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reafon ot his or their being made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants as aforefaid.

LXXV. And be it further enadted, That no Adtion or Suit fhall be commenced againfl any Perfcnor Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Adi, until Twenty Days Notice thereof fhall be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers of the Paid Road, nor after a fufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fadt or Offence being committed; and every fuch Adtion or Suit (hall be laid or brought in the County in which the Caufe of Adlion fhall happen, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adtion fhall or may at his, her, or their Elediion, plead fpecially or the General lffue, and give this Adt and the fpe-cialMatier in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame y/as done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Adt; and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or that fuch Adtion or Suit fhall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfadtion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be' brought in any other County, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Vcrdidt, or if fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or dilcontinue his, her, or their Adtion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Treble Colts, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in other Cafes by Law.

LXXVI. And be it further enadted. That this Adi fhall commence and take place upon the Third Tuefday next after the puffing thereof, and fhall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stffion of Parliament.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted. That this Adt (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adt, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1 §08.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 6 4.

An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adis of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tabley, in the County of Chefier; and for making a new Road from Births to Macclesfield a'forefaid. [27th May 1808.]

HEREAS an Aft was made in the Ninth Year of rhe Reign of Hi- prefen' Majefty King George the Third, intituled. An Act to repair and. widen the Road from the Broken Grois in 9 q. 3. Macclesfield, in the County of Chefter, over the Long Mofs and Monks Heath to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the /aid County, and for turning ana exchanging Part of the faid Road: And whereas another Aft .was made in the Thirty-firft Year of iht R'-ign of His laid prefenc Majefty, intituled. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Adi 31 G. 3. faffed in the Ninth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Broken Crofs in Mac tie-field in the County of Chefter, over the Long Mol's and Monks Heath to the Turn-tike Road in Nether Tabley, in the feud County, and for turning and. exchanging Part of the faid Road: And whereas great Progrefs hath been made in the Execution of the faid recited Afts, for which Purpofe confideraole Sums or Money have .been borrowed and ftill remain due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls by the faid Afts granted ; which Sums of Money cannot be repaid, and the faid Road kept in proper Repair, unlels the Term granted by the faid Afts is continued, the Toils increa'ed, arid fome of the Powers thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered [Lee. Perd]	13	T	more

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

more effeftual: And whereas the prefent Road leading from the Crofs at Broken Crofs aforefaid, to the End of a certain Lane in Birtles, in the laid County, called the Dark Latte y is in many Places very narrow, hilly, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Courfe of Law; and it would be of great Advantage to the Neighbourhood thereof, and of Utility to the Public, if a new Piece of Road were to be made between Macclesfield and Birtles from the Crofs at Broken Crofs aforefaid, through the Town (hip of Henbury in the Lid County, to join the prefent Road near to the End of the faid Lane, called the Dark Lane j which new Piece of Road would be much nearer, and lefs hilly than the prefent Road; but as the above Purpofes cannot be effefted without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Adis, and all the Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo fuch as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) lhall be and remain in full force and effeft, and together with this prefent Aft fhall be put in Execution for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Refpefts and to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Afts and the Claufes, Powers, and Provifions therein refpeftively contained, were exprefsly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft, and as if the faid new Piece of Road had been Part of the Road included in the faid Afts, but fubjeft ncverthelefs to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which fhall commence and take effeft upon the palling of this Aft; and that this Aft and the Term and Powers hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing or which fhall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the faid recited Afts and of this prefent Aft, or any of them, and all Interefl due and to become due for the fame refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or for fuch Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fhall employ for that Purpofe, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons in or through which the faid new Piece of Road is intended to pafs, to fet our, form, make, and complete the fame from Broken Crofs aforefaid, through the Townlhip of Hen~ bury aforefaid, to or near the End of the faid Lane in Birtles aforefaid, called the Dark Laney and to cut and make fuch Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels for draining the Lands adjoining or near fuch Road, as (hall be by them thought neceflary or proper for draining the Water from fuch Road according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reafonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of and all Perfons interefted in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which lhall be fuftained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in cafe any Difference concerning the fame lhall arife between the faid Truftees and fuch Owners or Proprietors and *5	Perfons

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.	1179

Pcrfons intetefted as aforcfaid, that then the fame fhall be afcertained and fetrled by a Jury in fuch Manner as is direfted by the laid firft recited Aft, with relpeft to the Valuation of Lands intended to be made Part of the faid Road : Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall authorize or empower the faid Truftees or any Perfon or Perfons afting by or under their Authority, to take, ufe, injure, or damage for the Purpofes of the faid Road or any of the Purpofes aforefaid, any Houfe or other Building* or any Land or Ground fet apart or ufed as a Garden, Orchard,

Park, or planted Avenue to a Houfe, without the Confenc of the Owntr or Owners thereof; which faid new Piece of Road lhall be of the Width of Forty Feet.

III.	And whereas a Map or Plan defcribing the Line of the faid new ^gVhe^Truf-Piece of Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, tecs fr m de-together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names of the certain Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depofited at the Office of Diitance of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chejler ; be it therefore enafted, fcriJeSIn the That the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference fhall remain in the phn,j.c. Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the end that

all Perfons may at any feafonable Times have Liberty to infpeft and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extrafts thereof at their Will and Pleal'ure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpeftion, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies or Extrafts of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference-, and that the faid Truftees in making the faid new Piece of Road, (hall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each from the Line deferibed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Con-lent and Approbation in Wrking» of the Perlon or Perfons, Body Politic,

Corporate cr Collegiate, through whole Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation lhall be made,

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That it lhall and may be Truftees may lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid new Piece of Road [hakugRhoacl into, through, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon Grounds aU or Perfons who is or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over Namfs^e which the fame is fet out and deferibed in the faid Map or Plan, as afore- not in the faid, although the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen

to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it fhall appear to any crence Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County and be certified by Writing under their Hands that fuch Error or Omiffion proceeded from Miftake.

V.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid recited Afts have been Fcr repealin’ found infufficient for amending and keeping the faid Road in good Repair, joi^and1 and for executing the feveral other Purpofes of the faid Afts; be it there- granting new fore further enafted. That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of Sep- oncs' tember One thoufand eight hundred and eight, the Tolls payable in and

by the faid recited Afts lhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid ; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls lhall be demanded and taken, before any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Phaer.on, Chaife, Chair,

Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs,

Beaft or other Cattle whatlbever be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, erefted or to be erefted by

virtue

ii8o

Tolls,

48s G EO KG 11 I DEE Cap. 64.

virtue of the faid recited Aftso this Act) Upon or. acro'fs *tfie faid Road, or upon or acr ,fs any Lane orWay JeacJmg into the'fame; (that is to fay),

Fur every C->ach, Benin, Landau, Chariot, Phaeton* Chaife, Chair, Curricle Hearfe, Cal fh, or ChaiTe^Marine, drawn byiSix Horles or other S-afts, the S m f Thr e Shiilmgs:

For every Coach, B rlin, Landau, Chariot,.-Phaeton,. Chaifei, Chair, Curricle- PJearfe, Caafh, or Ghaife-Marine* drawn by Four Hodes or other BeafL, the Sum of Two shillings,:	I	■

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, P laeton, Chaife, Chair,'Cur*, ricle, Hearfe, Caiafb, or ChaiC-Marine, drawn by Three Horles or other Beafts, the Sum of On Shilling arid Sixpence :

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, ChanoP, Phaeton, Chaife-, Chair,- Cur* ricle, He >rfe, Calafh, or Chaife-Marine1, drawn by Two Horles or other Beafts, the Sum ol One Smiling:

For every Chaife, Criair, Calafh or Hearfe, drawn by One Horfe or other Beaft, the Sum of Eight-pence :	.

For every W ggon. Warn, or other Carriage with Four Wheels loaden wirh or going for or returning unloaden* -after having delivered any Lime, Coals, or Kennel onlv, betwixt the Firft Day of May and the Twenty-nimh Day. of September, drawn by Four or more Horfes or other B afts ot Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage with Four Wheels (except as aforclaid) the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Cart or other Camiage with Two Wheels, loaden with or going for or returning unloaden, after having delivered1 any'Lime, Coals-, or Kennel only, betwixt the Firft Day of May and the Twenty-ninth Day September, drawn by Four Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling :

For eveiy Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels (except as aforefaid) drawn by Four Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheel?, loaden with or going for or returning unloaden, after having delivered any Lime, Coals, or Kennel only, betwixt the Firft Day of May and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, drawn by Three Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels (except as aforefaid) drawn by Three Horfes or other Beafts, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, loaden with or going for or returning unloaden, after having delivered any Lime, Coals, or Kennel only, betwixt the Firft Day of May and the Twentv-nfnth Day of September, drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels (except as afore-) faid) drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts, the Sum of Nine-pence': For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels, loaden with ot1 going for or returning unloaden, after having delivered any Lime,' Coals, or Kennel only, betwixt the Firft Day of May and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, drawn by One Horfe or ether Besft of Drauoht the Sum of Three-pence :

Fori

ii8i

48® GEORG 11 III, Cap. 64.

For every Cart or other Carriage with Two Wheels (except as aforefaid) drawn by One Horfe or other Bead, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hoife, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, or other Bead unloaden, going to fetch Lime, Coals, or Kennel, or which lhall be loaden with Lime, Coals, or Kennel only, or returning unloaden having delivered fuch Loading, the Sum of One Penny:

For every other Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, or other Bead, loaden or unloaden and not drawing, One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Score of horned or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence j and fo in proportion for any lefs Number:

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Eight-pence ; and fo in proportion for any lefs Number.

And that Double the faid refpeftive Tolls lhall be demanded and taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Aft.

Which faid refpective Tolls or Duties fhall be and are hereby declared to be veiled in the Truftets appointed or to be appointed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts or this prel’ent Aft, and (hall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as a Toll by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them lhall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, and lhall and may be levied, recovered, applied, and dilpofed of in fuch and the fame Manner as by the faid recited Afts or either of them is direfted with regard to the Tolls thereby granted, fubjeft neverthelefs to the Alterations herein contained.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful Truftees may for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, of which One raife them, Calendar Month’s Notice lhall be given in Writing, to be fixed on all

the Turnpikes or Toll Gares erefted on the faid Road, by and with the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Money lhall be owing on the Credit of the faid Tolls, to leffen or reduce all or any of the iaid Tolls for and during fuch Time as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them lhall think proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to oe held as aforefaid, from Time to Time if they lhall fee Occafion, with the Confent of Five Sixths of the Creditors, to advance all or any of the Tolls fo leffened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the feveral Tolls hereby granted.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That no more Peifonstopafs than One Toll lhall be demanded or taken at each of the faid Turnpikes or and repaf on Toll Gates erefted or to be erefted by virtue of the faid recited Afts or fo^the'pay-7* either of them or of this Aft, from any Perfon or Perfons for once palling raent ofone and repafling the fame Day through the faid Turnpike or Toll Gate where To11’

fuch Toll (hall have been paid, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of ihe Clock in the fucceeding Night, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages ; but that all and every Perfon and Perfons having paid one Toll at any of the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of fuch Toll (which Notes or Tickets the Colleftors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll) lhall once pafs and repafs the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free, through the faid Toll Gate or Turnpike where fuch Toll had been fo paid 5 but if any Perfon or Perfoni lhall pafs through \_Lsc. & Per.]	13	U	any

i r-$2

--.4.8*dEOftGll III. Cap. 64..

but if i' ore 'iny fuch To>U Ga'e or Turnpike a Third Time with the fame ITorfes, *han , Cattle, Beafts, or Cairiakes, then and-in that Cafe (ucb Ferfon or Perfons

the add tional _	. , , .	..	.	^

Tolls Ihall be mall again-be liable to pay the laid foil, and lo tcties quotks tor every Third Tirtie the iaid Ferfon or Perfons Ihall pafs the fame D.iy through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Ilorfcs, Cattle, Bealls, or Carriages as aforefaid.

VIII.	And, in order to prevent-the Mifconducl of tile Perfons employed a? Collectors of the faid Tolls; be it further enaCted, That every Per Ion employed to col left any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, fhailaffifchis or her Chiiftian and Surname oiia Baard on feme confpku'u's Part of the Toll Hudfe, at which he or fhe’ Ihall be appointed to collect the laid Tolls, on each and every Day that he or (fte fhail continue in filch Collection, under the Penahy o’f any Sum1 mot' exceeding Pive Puunds for every Neglect there' f i and if ary fuoh Collector fh&li wilfully mifbehave hhnfelf or berfelf in the CoiKCfeion of the bid Toils, or (hail inful.c.or abnfe any Perfon.or Perfons palling through any of the Turnpikes already erefted. or hereafter to be: eroded by .‘virtue of the laid recited Adi or either of them, or of this Ad, and (hail be t hereof con-Vided on his or her own Confeflion, or on the Oath of One or nv rc credible Witnefs or Witftcfles, before One or more of H s Maj -ft /s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Ckjiei\ he ,or (Ire Ihall foi every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and m Default of Payment thereof fhali be committed to the Common G iol »>r Houfe of Corredion, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar M-inm*

Exertipti^i' IX. And . be it further enabled, That no Toll (hail be demanded or frdm Toll. taken, for; any H.orfp* ,C‘af?le„ or Bead employed in carrying or eonve .

ing, or going tp carry .or convey, or returning from carrying or convey, jng, having been employed only: in carrying or conveying, on the lame D y, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Road Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the faid Road, or any cf the Roads, in the Town,hips in which any Part of the,, faid Road doth lie, or the next adjoining Town-fhips ; or .Day, Grafs,iScraw, or Coin in the Straw only. Turves, Hcarh, or Furze for Fuel, to be produced from the Lands, Grounds, or Mulf-rooms not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up ur placed in me Outhoufes or on the Lands of the relpetlive Owne s for ihc Furpofe of thrafhmg out fuch Corn, or of ufmg and coniuming luch Hay, Grafs, Straw, Turves, Heath, and Furze, or tor any Care or other Carriage, Ho fe, Cattle, or Bcaft employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty tp carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, Corn for feeding the G-ound, or any Dung, Compoit, or Manure employed in Hufbanary for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in ihc Management of any Farm or Lands (Lime only excepted); or for any Horfes, Sheep, or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or warering Places, or going to be, or; returning from being lliod or farried ; or for any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying and conveying or returning from carrying or conveying any Corn, Grain, Meal, cr Hour to or from any Corn Mill for the Owner’s own ,Ufe and Cmfumption, and not for Sale; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church* Chapel, or other Place of Religious Wor-rni	fbp

Por preventing Mifcon-duft in Collectors.

48* GEOROlI III. Cap. 64,	1181

fhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or upon any other Day cm which Div ne Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that dull die and be buried in'arty of th£ laid Townfhips; or from any Clergyman going to or returning’ from1 vifit* ing any Sxk Perfon ; or going to or returning from other his Parochial or Miniftrrul Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on wftnch’Divind S rvice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or forJ'kny Horfe,

Cattle.or Carriage of whatever Defcripion, employed or to1 bkemployed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprtfies under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed rn carrying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails, or Expreflcs, or returning,back from conveying the fame-, or for any Ho-fe, Cattle, or Beaft attehdibg any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending »hem wiJi their Arms or Baggage ; or for any Horfe, Carr,1 Cattle, or B all: employ d in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Pafies, or returning therefrom; or for any Horfe, Cattle,- or Beaft carrying Or conveyirg any Perfon.or Perfonsgoing to or returning from any Election of 3 Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County oiCbeJicr, on the Day or Days of fuch Eleflion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election (hail begin or be concluded; and that Ao Toll ihall be. drmanc’eJ or taken for any Hoife, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon? belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that fuch Persons fhail be drtfled in the Uniform of their refpe&ive Corps, and have!theif Arm% Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Rrgulatiort* provided for fuch Corps refpeclively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons Hull in any fraudulent or ct Ilufive Manner wha foever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the lame, every fuih Perfm fhail forfeit and pay for every iuch Offence-any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; One Moiety whereof fhail go to the Informer, and the other Moiety (hall be applied for the Purports of this Ad.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the Paid new intended Piece old Road to of Road (hall be completed, the Lands and Grounds conlbcuting the be fold, etc. former Road, unlefs the fame leads to feme Village, Town, or Place, to which the faid new Piece of Rond doth not lead; (hall be vefted in and fhail and may be fold and conveyed by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, for the beft Price or Prices that can be got for the fame; and in cafe the faid former Road fhail lead to any Village,’ Town, or Place, to which the faid new Piece of Road doth not lead, and the fame fhail exceed the Width or Breadth of Thirty Feet, then the Lands. and G oundsconftitilting the faid former Road abovp the Width or Breadth aforefaid, (hall alfo be vefted in and (hall and may be fold and conveyed bv the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them for the beft Price or Pi ice-, that can be got for the lame; and the Money arifing by fuch Sale or Sales fhail be applied in fuch Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are direfted to be applied: Provided always, that in cafe the Owner- of Owners of any Lands adjoining the Lands conftituting the former Road* fhail fignify in Writing to any Five or more of the faid Truftees, before the new Road (hall be compleated, his, her, or their Defire to purchate lo

much

1184

48° GEORGII III. Cap.64.

much of the faid former Road as (hall adjoin to his, her, or their Lands, fuch Owner or Owners lhall be allowed to purchafe the fame in preference to any other Perfon ; and in cafe luch Owner or Owners refpeftively lhall not then and thereupon agree or lhall refufe to purchafe or repurchafe the fame refpeftively, any Affidavit to be made and fworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefty’s juliices of the Peace for the faid County of Chefitr (who is hereby empowered to take the fame) by fome Perfon or Perfons no way interefted in the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, Hating that an Oder was made by or on the Behalf of the faid Trultees, and that fuch Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was fo offered, lhall in all Courts whatfoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refufed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Offer was made (as the Cafe may be), and if the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them and the faid refpeftive Owners (hall not agree touching the Money to be paid for the Purchafe of fuch Lands, the Value thereof (hall be afeertained and fettled by a Jury, in fuch Manner as is directed by the faid firll recited Afi with refpea to the Valuation of Lands intended to be made Part of the faid Road.

By whom the	XI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any fuch Jury lhall give

Ui/ju^'to be	or deliver a Verdift or Affcffment for more Money than lhall by or on

paid.	Behalf	of	the	faid	Truftees	have been offered before the lummoning and

returning fuch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaftion for any luch Damage as aforefaid, or for lefs Money than lhall have been offered to be accepted or taken on Behalf of the faid Truftees as the Purchafe Money for fuch Old Road as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the Colls and Charges of fummoning and returning the Jury and WitneiTes (hall be borne and paid by the laid Truff ees out of the Money arifing by virtue of this Ad; but if any fuch Jury lhall give and deliver a Verdid or Afleffment for no more Money or for lefs Money than (hall by or on Behalf of the faid Truftees have been offered before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfadion for any fuch Damage as aforefaid, or for the fame or any more Money than (hall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchafe Money for any fuch Old Road as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Coils and Charges of fummoning and returning fuch Jury and Witneffts lhall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees (hall have fuch Controverfy or Difpute, which faid Cods and Expences lhall be afeertained and fettled by fome Jullice of the Peace not interefted in the Matter in Queftion, and within whofe Jutifdidion fuch Controverfy or Difpute lhall arife (who is hereby authorized and required to fettle the fame) and (hall and may be deducted out of the Money fo affelfed and adjudged as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies lhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged, or otherwife the Colls and Expences in cafe the fame be not paid on Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the faid Truftees by fuch Ways and Means as are by the faid firft recited Aft provided for the Recovery of the Penalties and Fotfeitures incurred : Provided always, That in all Cafes where *7	any

4-8*GEORGII III. Cap.64.	1185

any Perfon or Perfons (hall by reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating with the Lid Truftees fuch Cofts and F.xpences fhall be borne and paid by the laid Tiuftees in Manner afortfaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Meetings of the Truf- °f q{ tees for executing this and the laid recited Ads, ihall be held at fome Truft€e».° convenient Public Houle fituate in any of the Townjffiips through which

the faid Road pafles or is intended to pifs; and the Paid Truftees or any Five or more of them attending fuch Meeting, or in cafe of there not being Five of the faid Truftees prefent, the Clerk or Treafurer of the faid Road for the Time being may adjourn fuch Meeting from Time to Time, on giving public Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Houfes upon the faid Read at leaf! Ten Days before each of fuch adjourned Meetings, of the Time and Place when and where fuch Meeting is to be held,

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Money lliall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-

chaled, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited A<fts, t0 *ooi. and this A cl, for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Dilability or Incapacity, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid A6ls and this Act, to the Indent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approba'ion of the laid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Di(charge of any Debt or Debts, cr fuch other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the faid Court (ball authorize to be paid, affeding the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like ULs, Trufts, Intent?, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and inveft-ed, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchefe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufts, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled cr limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance or Se.tlemen: fhall be exilting undetermined, and capable of taking Effctft ; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (ha!!, by Order ot the laid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Cew/w«Confo!idated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean Time and until fuch Bank Annuities {ball he ordered by the laid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Con-foliciaced or induced Bank Annuities fnal), from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perion or Perfons who would, for the [Lee. & Per.]	13 X	Time

**§6	4.V GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Laid recited Acts or this Ait, dinged to be purchased in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application of XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Moneys iflS^n0"’ foagfced or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredira-aool. and not ments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belong-cxceedmg »ol. |ng t0 any Corporation, or to any Perlon cr Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, iball be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame dial), at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for tneTime being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their relpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and With the Privity of the Laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be paid in Manner herein before direded, or otherwife the fame (hali be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the (aid Truftees for executing the Laid recited Ads and this Ad (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

.	XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That where fuch

ofPcompcnfa- Money, fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, (hall tion» ifjleft	be	lefs than Twenty Pound?, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall

than -0.	^	appiied t0 the Ufeof the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time

being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Pu:pofesof the (aid Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (ball think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

In cafe of not XVI. And be it fuither enaded. That in cafe the Perfon. or Perfons* making out	t0	whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe

1 cl*	of	any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue

of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforeifid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums cf Money lo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of

the

48° GEORGII III, Cap.64.

the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to h« J\.C+ count to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (defcribingthem), fubjed to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofition of the faid Court of Chancery ; which.faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Per fan or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sutn or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be, and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, cr Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rdpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in thePremifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable, and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hceby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money ‘into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Quef- where any tion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid touching into the Bank of England* in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- any Title to countant-Genera) of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of the faid re-

cited Ads or this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Perion in Pof-ditaments, or of any Eftate, Righr, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or	be

Hereditaments, to be purchafed ip purfuance of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities ro be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft cfany fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at theTime of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hail be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, uniefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeflion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where, by reafon Tfie court of of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, Chancery may entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed abkE^pence under the Authority of the laid recited Ads or this Ad, the Purchafe to belaid by Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, the Truilees, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufe, in purfuance of the laid recited

Ads or this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the laid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes, from Time to Time, to be made in purfuance of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the necef-fary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order to be paid by the faid 4	Truftees,

118 8

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 64.

Truftees, Or any Five or more of them, who (hail from Time to Time p3y fuch Sums of Money, for fuch Purpofe? as the faid Court (hall direct.

Perfon*	XIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons

Statu”Work by Law are or (hall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or

to continue fo. (hall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part theieof, (hall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and*it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two Or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Chester, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to judge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Stature Work (hall every Year he done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the rrfpt&ive Townlhips er Places in which the faid Road arid new Piece of Road lieth, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Townfhip or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition (or fuch Statute Work as afore faid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees 6r to their Tica-furer; and in order thereunto it lhatl and may‘be lawful to and for the faid Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Townfhip or Place, to bring in L ifts before fuch juftices, at Come Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons (within S x Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the (everal Perfons who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjttt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the P iyment of any Money in Jicu of cr as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, d ftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid j which Lifts of Names (hall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch R g’.Iarions and Reftridions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effedt for the Repairs of the public Highways*, and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who (hail appear to be fubject and liable to do Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the laid Juftices (hall think reafonable, and the fame (hall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Turns (not being Hay Time or Harve(t) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Time to Time order, dired, and appoint*, and the laid Juftices (hall and may alfo order and dired the Perlons who by fuch Lifts (hall appear to be fubject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofi ion for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper 10 the (aid Truftees or their Treafurer at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices (hall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sate of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Ads authorized or direded to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who (hall neghd or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hail for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Diaught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her,

or

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap.6 4.	1189

or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures; as Inch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effed for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perlon who (ball be found idle or negligent as aforefaid*, and in that Cafe every fuch Perlon fhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedtive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Parc of the faid Roads*, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways f or any of the faid Townlhips or Places fhall refufe or wilfully negled to give in fuch Lifts, as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

XX.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and

for the faid Truftees to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, suuueWork. Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the faid Road or any Part thereof, and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Townfhipsor Places in which the faid Road is fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife* as the faid Truftees fhall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the fa'«d Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road; which Compofition Money fhall always be paid by the Surveyor Or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Townfhip, or by the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees in advance on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch.

Townfhip or Place fhall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Perfons who have Forcompe’-fubferibed or who fhall hereafter fubferibe to advance any Sum or Sums

of Money fir the Purpofes of paying the Expences of this Act, and for fCriptions,U " paying for Land which may be neceffary to be purchafed for making and complcating the faid new Branch of Road, fhall and they are hereby requited to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them refpedively fub-fciibed, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as fhall from Time to Time be called for by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, by an order in Writing to be made and fubferibed by them, at any public Meeting or Meetings to be held for the Purpofes of this Aft, to be paid to their Tieafurcr at fuch Time or Times, Place or Places, as they fhall in and by fuch Order dired or appoint; and in cafe any Perfon or PerLns fhall negh d or refule to pay the fame at the Time and in Manner required as atorefaul for that Purpofe, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered in the Name of their Treafurer for the Time being, to fue for and recover the fa.r.e by an Adion or Adion* of Debt on this Ad in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law at IVeJlminfter.

[Loe. Ss9 Per.]	13 T

XXII. And

ngo	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap. 6^.

Fxpencts of XXII. And be it further enabled, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex' Jl”“eA*y0W pences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Acf, l>al ' together with lawful Interefl from the Time of advancing the lame till the Time of Payment, fhall be paid and fatisfied by the laid Trtlflees, and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Payment of the faid Charges and Expences with Intereft as aforefaid, out of the Firlt Monies that (hall be colledted, borrowed, or received by virtue of the faid recited Afls and this Aft, in preference to all other Payments and Dilburfements whatfoever.

Public Aet. XX1I1. And be it further enadted, That this Adt (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Adi, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Commerce- XXIV. And be it further enacted. That the Term granted by the faid Dmauonofit. recited Adts (hall on the Twemy-ninth Day of September One thoufand Eight hundred and eight ceafe and determine, and the faid recited Adb (fubjedt to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions hereinbefore contained) and this Adf, (hall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force and be executed for and during the Term ofTwenti-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scihon of Parlia. ment.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, rScS.

ANNO OUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



An Act for the more effectually repairing a certain Road called The WatUng Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop

by an Ad palled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign jxq.

____________ds	therein	and hereinafter mentioned in the County

of Salop \ videlicet. The High Road commonly called The Walling Street Road, lending from a Place called Crackley Batik, in the Parilh of Idfall other wife Sbijfnall, to the Town of Sbrevejbury, in the faid County of Salopi and the Highway leading from Idfall, othtrwife Sbijfnall, into the faid Watling Street Road, at a Place called I be Oaken Gates % and the Highway leading from a Place called The Smith's Shop, in Crudgington, in the Parilh of Ercall Magna, in the faid County or Salop, through the feveral Lanes called SleapLqne, Dothili Lane, and Back Lane, into the faid Walling Street Road, at or near the Swan Inn in the Township of Wellington \ and the Road leading from Coftval Town, in the laid Parilh of Ercall Magna, through the Lanes called Longdon Lane, Shaw Birch, and Hadley Lane, by Womlridge, into the laid Wailing Street Road, at the faid Place called Oaken Gates; aad by another Ad of Parliament made in the Third Year of his late Majcfty King George the Second, intituled. An Aft for 3 6. a. making more effeclual an Aft pafftd in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of his then late Majcfly King George the Firjl, the faid Ad was amended and con-

and Stafford.

Majefty King George the Firft, for the repairing recited.

ILoc. ^ Per.]

«3 Z

tinned

H94	480	GEORGII	III. Cap. 65.

tinued from the Expiration thereof tor the further Term ot houiteen Years j which faiil Acts weie further c ntinu^d tor Five Ycai* by an Ad palled in »8G x. the Twenty-eighth Yar i f thr R i^n of his faid late Majelty, tor the A mend ['.tent and Prefcrvanon of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom : And whereas by another Act p fled in the Fourth Year ot the R ign of His pre ent Majefty. intituled. An Ail for enlarging the 4 G. 3. ef, rm an(j p0rVers 0j Two 0j ifjg Twelfth of King George theiirjl, and of ike Third of bis late Mojejly. for repa ring feveral Roads therein mentioned, in the Cunty of Salop; and alfo for amending and widening the Road from the Si\>n of the Ho.fcihoeft/ Uckington to Longnor G'cen •, and alfo from the fVeJt End of Atcham Bridge to the Crofs Houles upon the Bndgcnorih Turn-pike Road in the fa'td County, the leveral Claufcs and Powers contained in fuch iait entioned Act and the Ads therein recited (except fuch Claufcs, Matters and Tnmgs,a* are thereby explained, altered, amended, or repealed) Ihould be and continue in force, and be executed as well for the Purpofes in fuch Ads mentioned or oontaiaed for the ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair and widening the Itveral Roads therein deferibed ; and alfo die additional Roads therein-beforeparticularly mentioned beginningat the Sign of thtfforjejhoe in Uckington, and ending at Longnor Green, and beginning at the Weft End of Atcham Bridge and ending at the Croft Houfes upon the Bridgenorib Turnpike Road aforefaid, for the Refidue then unexpired of the Term granted by the faid Ad of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late M jefly King George the Second, and from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years: And whereas by an Ad pafifed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His prelent Majrfty, ** O. 3. intituled, An Ad to amend an Ad of the Sixth Tear cf the Reign of His pre-fent Majejly, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town cf Shrewfbury, and for appropriating Part of the Tolls colleded upon certain Roads Lading to the Bridge, towards finijhing the Jame, and for granting additional Terms to the feveral Ads for repairing the faid Reads, the Term and Powers in the faid therein and herein-before recited Ad of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His piefent Majefty were, among other Ads therein alfo mentioned, further continued irom the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, which faid Ad will expire on the Fir ft of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight: And whereas there is a certain Part of the Road between Crackley Bank aforefaid and the Turnpike Re ad near Wefion which leads from lvetfey Bank in the faid County of Stafford to Newport in the faid County of Salop, and which though a Continuation ot the Hoad from Crackley Bank aforefaid towards Licbffld, is not comurized within any of the faid recited Ads or any other Turnpike Ad, cut fuch Road will be better formed and kept in Repair if the fame is included in this Ad: And whereas tin Tiuftees Traftee* un- appointed in or by virtue of the faid Ads have made great Piogiefs tier & d A<fts in the Execution thereof, and have for that Purpofe borrowed confider-^reata^e Sums M°ney on t*ie Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which and laid out now remain due and cannot be repaid, and the laid Roads kept in Moxies, &c, good Repair, unlefs the Term for which the laid laft mentioned Ad was granted be further extended ; and it is expedient that the fame (hould be repealed, and further and other Powers granted infttad thereof *, May it therefore pleafeYour Majcfty that it may beenadted; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent For mer Acts Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid repealed, and recited Ads of the Twelfth George the Firft, ThiVd George the Second*

Fourth

4S* GEORGII III. Cap.65.	1195

Fourth George the Third and Twelfth George the Third, as far as they ^°eA^° refpeft any of the Roads intended to be comprized in this Aft, frail, inaead. ° on the Second Monday next after the pafling of this Aft, be and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed ; and that inftead thereof this Aft frail commence and take Effeft, and be put in Execution for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for repairing, widening, and improving the faiJ Roads comprized in the Fourth Year of the prefent King, and the faid Road from Crackley Bank to Weft on; and that this Aft, and ali the Toils which frail be collected upon the faid Roads, frail be and are hereby made lubjeft and liable as herein afeer provided for, to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing in each Diftrift upon the Creditor on Account of the faid recited Afts, and to the Paymenc of all Money which frail or may hereafter be borrowed and become due in each Diftrift on the Credit of this Aft, and of all Intercft due and to grow due for the fame refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Right Honourable Charles Truftcesfor Augujlus Bennett commonly called Lord OJj'ulJion, the Right Honourable DHtrict Edward Herbert Clive commonly called Vifcount Clive, Sir John Thomas of Roads, Ckolmondeley Edwardes, Baroner, Sir Edward Smythe, Baroner, Sir Robert Leighton, Baroner, Sir Richard Hill, Baroner, Sir Corbet Corbet, Baronet,

Sir Charles Oakeley, Baronet, the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Town Clerk, and Steward for the Time being of the Town of Sbrewfbury,

Charles Martin Aylett, Henry Cay Adams, Clerk, Honourable Henry Grey Bennett Robert Burton, Henry Burton, Clerk, Edward Burton,

Samuel Tate Bnyon, John Brickdah Blakeway, Clerk, Samuel Butler,

Clerk, John Bather, John Bather the younger, Edward Bather, Benjamin Benyon, John Bijhap, John Beck, Henry Bowman, John Cotes, Andrew Corbet, Andrew F intent Corbet ,John Corbet, Edward Corbet, Jofepb Corbett,

Clerk, Arcnd aeon of Salop, Punton Corbett, William Cludde, Edward Cludde* William Ciud.de the younger, IVi id am Childe, William Lc con Cbilde,

William Cro/j Curtis, Clerk, Jcfeph Car clefs, William Coupland, Robert Waring Darwin, Doctor cf Pnylic, Thomas Dugard, Defter of Phyfic, Edmund Dana, Clerk, Edward Daker, Clerk, John Dcdfon, Benjamin Edwardes,

Thomas Eyton, '■Thomas Eyton tl e younger, John Eyton, Clerk, George F'orefter, Cecil Forejter, Townfend For efter, Clerk, James France, Thomas Goodinge, Clerk, Doctor of La vs, Lawrence Gardner, Cierk, George Good-win, Honourable William Hid, Honourable Richard Hi!l, Clerk, J. bn Hill,

John Hill the younger, Samuel Harwood Doctor H Phyfic, Edward Harries,

Thomas Harries.. Francis Blythe Harries, William Henry HarnagWilliam Hopkins, Clerk, William Hopkins the younger, Clerk, Robert Cheney Hart, IVJ-liam Cheney Hart, William Heighway, John Hughes, Edward Hodges, Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinfon, Thomas Tyrwhit Jones, Edward Jenkins,

Robert Jenkins, William Jones, Thomas Jones, William Eger ton J jfreys,

Richard Jaundrell, Edward Kynajion, Thomas Kynr.erjley, Richard Lyji.er,

Francis Leighton, Clerk, Francis Knivett Leighton, Edward Linzee, Clerk,

Thomas Lloyd, John Lea, Clerk, Thomas Loxdale, Jofeph Loxdale, James Mafon, Robert Moore, John Maddcck, Hugh Owen, John Kynajion Powell,

John Crefjett Velham, Edward Pcwis, Clerk, Thomas Pemberton, Edward Pemberton, Edward Smythe Pemberton, Thomas Pemberton, Barrifter at Law,

Robert Pemberton, Robert Nor grave Pemberton, John Prober t, Plowden Prefiand,	Parry, Francis Parry, Rocke, Cierk,	Edward

Smythe, William Smith, Richard Scott, Jonathan Scott, George John Sects,

Rickard Scott, Clerk, John Scott, Thomas Steadman, Samuel Sanjford,

Jofepb Sutton, Charles Price Stamer, William Tayleur, Doftor of Phyfic,

Walter

**96	c 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

tFliter Hervey Tburjby. George Augujlus Thu*Jby, Clerk, William Thornes* Or*, Rowland Wingfield, John Wingfield, Edward Wi I Irani', Edward W'Mams, C rk Henry Williams, Francis lValford, Richard Wilding, Clerk, Charles Wacott, "John Wilde, Clerk, William Wood, LewF Wibams, Clerk, yohn Warier, Jnjph Warter, and their Succrffjrs, to be ci cted in Manner herein-afirr mentioned, lhall beand they are hereby appointed Truffcees lor putting this Aft into Execution within the Firft Divifion, called The Shrewf* Thc^Welli'n ^urf Diftrict, a« hercin-after mentioned ; and that the Right Honou'abJe ton	Granville Levefon Gower commonly called Lord Granville Lcvefon Gower,

cfRoad.	the Honourable George Bridgman, Cierk, Ralph Browne Wylde Browne,

Jfaac Hawkins Browne, George Brooke, Robert Burton, Henry Burton, Clerk, Edward Burton, Thomas Botfield, William Botfield, Beriah Botfield, William Eijhton, John Bi/hton, George Bt/hton, Thomas Brifcoe, William Brifcoe,

* John Cotes, William Cludde, Edward Cludde, William Chidde the younger, William Lacon Childe, William Charlton, Philip Charlton, Roger Clayton, Clerk, Charles Cameron, Clerk, Edmund Darby, John Dcdfon, Thomas Eyton, Thomas Eyton the younger, John Eyton, Clerk, Richard Emery, George Forejler, Cecil Forejler, George Townfcnd Fcrejlsr, Townfend Fare/-ter, Clerk, Francis Forejler, Robert Ferriday. Lawrence Gardner, Clerk, George Goodwin, Honourable William Hill, Honourable Richard Hill, Sir Richard Hill, Btronet, John Hill, John Hill the younger, Rowland Hill, Edward Harries, Thomas Harries, Francis Blyth Harries, William Henry Harnage, Honourable Charles Cecil Cope JenkmJon, Thomas Tyrwbit Jones, Edward Jenkins, Robert Jenkins, Stephen Jennins, William Jones, Thomas Jones, Thomas Kynnerjley, Richard Lyfier, Francis KnivetLeighton, Ralph Leeke, Eger ton Leeke, Hugh Owen, Clerk,	Kynaflon	Powell, Edmund

Plowden, John Crcffett Pelham, William Pigot, Clerk,	Dryden Pigot,

Clerk, Thomas Pemberton, Edward Pemberton, Thomas Pemberton, B-rrilter at Law, Robert Pemberton, Revel Phillips, John Pritchard,\joh nRocke, Clerk, Jofeph Reynolds, Benjamin Rowley, Honourable Bridgman Simpfon, William Smith, William Shakcjhaft, Robert Slancy, Moretcn Aglionby Slaney% Richard Slany, Clerk, Charles Price Hamer, George Augujlus Tburjby, Clerk, Valentine Vickers, Valentine Vickers the younger, Thomas Whitmore, William Whitmore, William Wolrych Whitmore, Jojhua Williams, Edward Williams, Edward Wi:Hams, Clerk, Henry Williams, Francis IVa ford, Timothy Tate, William John Tonge, William Tonge, and their Succeffors, to beeltfted in Manner herein-af;er mentioned, fhail be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for putting this Aft in Execution wiihin the Second Divifion, TraHee*for called TbeWellington Dijlrict, as hercin-after mentioned ; and that theRight DMrict ofaI* Honourable Granville Levefon Gower commonly called Lord Granville Koda'. LevfonGcwer, the Right Honourable G-.orge Bridgentan, Clerk, Sir William Jerningbam, Baronet, Sir George Pigott. Baronet, Charles Buckeridge, Doftor ofLaws, Ralph Browne Wylde Browne, Ifaac Hawkins Browne, George Brook, George Baylis, Thomas Botfidd, William Botjield, Beriah Botfield, William B’Jhton, John Bijhton, George Bi/hton, Thomas Bi/hton, William Brifcoe, WilHam Bayly, John Coates, William Charlton, William Cherrington, Charles Cameron, Clerk, William Cherrington, John Cherrington, Roger Clayton, Clerk, JohnCuxfon, George Durant, Edmund Darby, Robert Dean, Clerk, David Davies, Thomas Duppa, Gecrge Forejler, Cecil Forejler, Townfend Forejler, Clerk, Francis Forejler, Robert Ferriday, Charles Fir child, Charles Fir child the younger, Nathaniel Hinde, Clerk, John Hammond, William Hammond, Samuel Harding, George Jerningbam, William Jerningbam, Edward Jerningbam, Samuel Jones, John Moultrie, George Avflin Moultrier George Molineux, George Mchneux Cltrk, Edmund Plowden, Jofeph

Pyecrcftf

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 65.	'tiW

Pyecroft, Revel Ph.Uips Thomas Paddey, John Pritchard, Jofeph ReyfiotJs,

Benjamin Rowley. William Rujhton, the Honourable ^ hn Smpfon Bridge-man, Robert Sl.nej, Robert AJionby Shney, Plowden Haney, Moreton Agli-tnby Slaney, Richard S! ney, C erk, Walter Stubbs, John Starker, Robert Smith, Cl- rk, Thomas Whitmore, William Whitmore, #7// am Wolrych Whitmore, JoJhua Williams, John!, tod, John Wright, TmothyTate, William John Tonge, William Toigc, Henry Tenge, a ad their SucccfTors, to be elefttd in Manner hereinafter mentioned, Ihall be and they are hereby appointed Truftees for put; ng this Aft in Execution within the Third D v.fijn, tailed The Shiffnall Dijfrift, as hereinafter mentioned ; and the feveral Perfons in future to btf elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, (hall be and are heieby appointed Truftees for putting this Aft in Execution.

III.	And be it further enafted, That when any Truftee fhall die, or Appointment by Writing tinder his Hand delivered to the Clerk of the faid TruftetS* I'rnt“ ihall rcfule to aft, it (hall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Truftees, for fuch Diftrift refpeftively, or any Five or more of them,

by Writing under their Hands, to eleft and appoint one other Perfon to be a Truftee in the room of the Truftee fo dying or refufi g to aft •, but Nottcetobf Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fun Eleftion ihall be siTen*. given by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erefted within fuch refpeftive D ftrict, or in fuch Manner as herein-after mentioned, and at leaft Twenty-one Days before the Meeting cf fuch Eleftion ; and every Perfon fo elefted Ihall be a Truftee for putting this Aft in Execution;

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon Ihall Qya’ificatiaq be capable ofafting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, whilft he °*Trulttci. holds any Place of Profit under this Aft, nor unlefs he (hall (at the Time

cf acting), be feized or pofiefied in his own Right or in che Right of .his Wife, and be in the actual Poffefiion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits cf Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprifes, or Ihall have Perfonal Eftateof the Value of Two thoufand Pounds, or Ihall bean Heir Apparent of a Per-'fon pofiefied of an Eftate in Lands, Tenements, cf H.-reditam<*n:s, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Perfon, n <t Penalty fet being fo qualified, fhall prefume to aft in the TiUlt afortfaid, every fuch n<* Peifon fhall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum c f Fifty Pounds, fied.S **' !” to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fu for the fame, to be recovered in any of His JVLjefty’s Courts cf Record by Aft;on of Debt or on the Cafe, or b) 13 11,

Suit or Information, wherein no Efibign, Proteft on, or Wager of Law, or morethan One Imparlance fiiall be allowed; and the Perfon fo profeCuttd ihall prove that he is qualified as afprefaid, or otherwife fhall pay'the faid Penalty upon Proof being given of h:s having afted as a Truitee in the Execution cf this Aft : Provided neverthelefs, that all Afts and Proceedings AetsofTruf-which fhall hav»; been dene and performed by any fuch Perfon touching the *<** riot qiU-ExeCutlon of this Aft, previous to his being convicted of the Offence to ^ be ore-mentioned, (hall notwithftanding fuch Conviction, be as valid : and efleftual as if fuch peifon had been qualified according to the Directions of this Aft.

V.	Arid be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees for the faid Fit/l Time ar.d Diftricr, or any Five or more of them, (hall meet at the Guildhall in the P!i,te f

[Loc&Per.}	'	Town

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 6$.

T^wn of Shrew/bur.y, cn the Second Monday next after the puffing of this Aft, and that (he faid Truftees for the faid Second Diftrift, or any Five or rro e of them, Ihall meet together at the Houfe known by the Sign of The Falc -n, ar the Hay Gate in the Parifh of Wellington aforefaid, on the faid Secuno Monday next after thepaflingof this Aft ; and tha: the faid Truftees for the t hird Ji ft rift, or any Five or more of them, ihall meet together at the Houle known by the Sign of the *jerningham Arms, in Shifinali aforefaid- on the laid Second Monday next after the palling of this Aft, Sent"*”" *nc* tefpedively proceed to the Execution of this Aft; and Ihall then and from Time to Time afterwards aojoqrn themfclves to meet at fuchTime and Place within fuch rcfpectve Diftrifts as the faid refpeftive Truftees or any Five or more of them Ihall think proper j and if there fhall nof appear at any Meeting a fufficient Number of Truftees to aft, or to adjourn to another Day, Two Truftees being deemed fufiicient for thePurpoie of Adjournment only, or in cafe the faid Truftees refpcftively at any Time aflcmbled, (hall not adjourn themfclves, the Clerk or Cleiks to the laid Truftees refpeft-ively, fhall a- jcurn the Meeting to fuch Time and Place as he or they fhall think fit, not exceeding as to the Time the Space of Twenty-one Day s after the Time of the laft Adjournment, and fhall give Notice thereof in Writing affixed on all the Turnpike Gates within the refpeftive DiUrift where fuch Default fhall be, or be lefc ac the ufual Refidence of the faid Truftees, or by public Advertifement, in both or either of the Shrewjbury Ncwfpapers; and in cafe no Adjournment, Notice or Appointment qf Me-ting fhall be made or given by the Clerk or Clerks to the laid Truftees refpectively, then it fhall be lawful for any Five of the faid Truftees refpcftively (although not affembled at a Meeting) to caufe fuch Notice in Writing ro be given in any or either of the Ways aforefaid, appointing the Truftees of fuch refpeftive Diftrift to meet at fuch Time and Place as they the faid Five Truftees fhall think proper, not exceeding as to tfic Time Fourteen Days, and not being lei's than Seven Days from the Time Truftees to of affixing or giving fuch Notice ; and the refpeftive Truftees fhall at all Expences c^e,r Meetings defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determi-W’ * "	* nations of che faid refpeftive Truftees in the Execution oi this Aft, ihall b,c

made at Meetings to be held in pur Fiance of this Aft, and not otherwife, except as herein particularly mentioned ; and that no Order or Dctermi-nation fhall be made unlefs a Majority of the refpeftive Truftees prefent at a Meeting (every Truftee compofing fuch Majority not being peifonaliy interefted in the Matter or Matters in queftion) fhall concur therein, fuch Meeting net confifting of lefs than the Number of Truftees by this Aft authorized to make fuch Order or Determination; nor (hall any fuch Order or Determination be. revoked or altered at any fubfequeni Meeting, unlefs Nine Truftees (not any of them being perfonally interefted as aforefaid) fhall be prefent; nor unlefs the Perlon or Per ions applying to revoke or alter any fuch Order or Determination fhall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the laid Truftees refpeftivdy, to be by him fixed up at all the Turnpike Gates then Handing within fuch refpectiwe Diftrift, or given as aforefaid, at leaft Fourteen Days previous to any Truff«*t>e- Mctting, to be held for fuchPurpofe; and that all fuch Truftees rc-ohlc Peace fpftbvely as are Juftices of the Peace, may aft as Juftices in ti e Execution may as of ihis Aft, notwithftanding their being Truftees (except only in fuch Calc* where they fhall be perfonally interefted) : Provided ncverthelefs, that no

Mortgagee

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Mortgagee or AfEgnee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by the laid former A£b or this Aft, or receiving Intereft thereon for the fame, Shall on fuch Account only be deemed unqualified.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That if after any Adjournment of the faid telpcftive Truftces, or their Clerk or Clerks, it (hail at any Time be thought necefi'ury that an earlier Day of Meeting fliould be appointed than the Day appointed by fuch Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftces refpettively, upon an Order in Writing llgned by Five or more of the adting Trutlees, although no: alTembJed at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, thall forthwith give Notice thereof by Writing affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then eredted upon the faid Roads, or by any other of the Ways afofcfiid, of the Time and Place of fpeh Meeting, which ■ fjtall he mentioned in the Order of the faid Trutlees puch Time not being lefs than Seven Days after fuch Notice) and fuch earlier Meeting thall and may be held accordinglyj and all the Proceedings of the Trullees refpedlively atiuch Meetings thall be as valid and eft’edtual as they would have been made in cafe fuch Meeting had been then held in purfuance of Adjournment.

VII,	And, for the better and more convenient Management of the Roads comprized in this Ad, and the Application of the Tolls thereof; be it further enaded. That the fame are hereby declared to be divided into Three diftinft and feparate Divifions and Diftrifls, the Firtl of which Di'ifions til ail extend from the town of Shrewsbury at the Place hereinafter mentioned (that is to fay) in the Abbey Foregale in or near the fame Town, within Two hundred and fourteen Yards or thereabouts of the Centre of the Englifh Bridge from a certain Place where Two Iron Grates are placed, one on each Side of the Road, over a Sough or Culvert which erodes under the fame Road at fuch Diftance from the (aid Bridge to a certain Cottage at or near Uchington, belonging to the Right Honourable Lord Berwick, now in the Occupation of Thomas Wood ; alio from the Sign of the t.Isrfejhoe in Uckington to Longnor Green, and from the Weft End of Atcbam Bridge to the Crofs Houfes upon the Bridgenottb Turnpike Road, and thall be called “ The Shrewjbury Driblet:’' That the Second Divifion (hall commence and extend front the faid Cottage in the Occupation of Thomas Wood, to the Confines of the Parilh of Sbijf. rail, at or near Oaken Gates in the Paritb of Womlridgc, and to the Road leading from Shrevsjbury to Newport, at Colwall and Crudgington, and from the Shaw Birch through E idley and Womiridge to the Oaken Gates aforefaid, and (hail be called “ The Wellington DiftriflThat die Third Divifion (hall commence apd extend from Oaken Gates aforefaid to the Turnpike Road leading from Ncsuport .to hutjj Bmdc near IVefim, and from Oaken Gates aforefaid to the Town of Shipnall, and thall be called “ The Shiffuall Difttid And that this AS, and all the Powers, Pro-vifions, authorities. Matters and Things herein contained relating to the faid Roads generally, thall extend and apply and be applied to ’and be put in Execution within fuch feparate Divifions, in fuch and the lame-Manner, to al! Intents and Purpofes, as is herein provided for the repair* ing, amending, and Management of the whole of the faid Roads,

1*99

Mortgagee* not deemed unqualified.

Manner of Adjournment*

Road* dividi^ into Diliiiit%

2

VIII.	And

*260	~	48*	GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

bmwtiVlII. And be it furcher enabled, That all and every Sum and Sufti$ a-'d fecur’d of Money Which have heretofore been borrowed under the Authority of by the Tolls the laid recited A£t , or which (hall hereafter be borfowed under the fcplrate Authority of this Ad, on account of the faid refpedtive Diftrids, /hall b« taae, fecured upon the Tolls to arife withm that Diftrid for which fuch Sum or Sums of Money have been or /hall hereafter be refpedively borrowed, and that the Tolls to be colleded within each of the faid ref-pedive Diftrids, and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, (hall be applied and dilpofed of for the Service of and carrying into Execution this Ad, with refped to luch Diftrid only, and that all Cofts, Charges and Expences of obtaining andpafling this Ad, fhall be paid by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, out of the Firft Monies that /hall corre to their Hands by virtue of this Ad, on account of the faid refpedive Diftrids of Road, in the Shares and Proportions following*, (that is to fay) according, and in Proportion, to the Receipts in each Diftrid, agreeably to the laft Year’s Accounts, and in preference to any other Payment whatfoever, but that any additional Expence which fhall be occafioned in the obtaining this Ad, by Means of the Roads from Crackle^ Bank to the faid Road at Wejion, being comprized herein, fhall be exclu/ively paid by the Shiffn^ll Diftrid.

And it further enaded, That the faid Truftees of each Dif-fStd ?n ti e tf'd may fue and be fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by vir-Marmsof tue or in purfuance of this Ad in the Name of the Treafurer or ctr or Cierk.* Clerk for the Time being of each Diftrid, and that no Adion or Suic to be brought or commenced by the Diredion of or againft the faid Truf» teesby virtue of this Ad, in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, /hill abate or be difeontinued by theDeathor Rtmovalof any fuchTreafurerorClerk, nor by the Ad of fuch Treafurer or Clerk, without the Confentof the Truftees or any Five or more of them, but that the Treafurer or Clerk for the Time being of the faid Truftees of each Diftrid, fhall be deemed to be a Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Cafe may be) in every fuch Adion or Suit: Treafurer and provided always, that every fuch Treafurer or Clerk in whofe Name any xeimuurfcd6 Adion or Suit fhall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, in puriuance Jfcxpences. of this Ad, fhall be fully reimburfed and paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Ad, all fuch Cofts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in confequence of fuch Adion or Proceedings, he fhall pay, bear, expend or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforefaid.

Appointing

Ofl-cerij

and remove; and other*

*ppoint«d.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees of each Diftrid-, or any Fiveor more of them, piefent at the Firft or any fubfrquent Meeting, by any Writing under their Hands, (hall and may continue or nominate and appoint one or more fit Perfon or Pcrfons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Colleflor or Colleger1, of the Tolls, and alfooneor more fit Perfon or Perfons ro be Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Roads, and fuch other Officer or Officers as the laid Truftees, or anv Five or more of them, fhall think proper in each Diftrid ; and from Time to Time remove fuch other Trcafurcrs, Collefiors, Receivers, or Surveyors, or othtr Officers, or any of them, as they fhall fee Occafion, and appointotbers in the room of fuch of them as

fhall

1201

4.8°GEORGII HI. Cap. 65.

fhall be removed, or (hall die or become incapable of performing their Duty, and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Aft, to allow and pay to the feveral Collectors Clerks, Treafurtrs, Surveyors, and other Officers and Perfors as fhall affift them cr any of them in or about the Execution of this Aft, luch Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance,, Care,

Labour and Service, as 10 the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them in each Diftrict (hall feern reafonable ; and all fuchOfTi ers and Pei Ions fhall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the faid Trailers or any Five or more of them, deliver to fuch Truftees of each Diltr-ft, or to fuchPerfon or Peifons as they or any Five or more of them fhall for that Purpefe apj&int, a true and peifeft Account in Writing under their idpeftive Hands, of all Monies which fhall have been by them rdpeft-ively had, collected, or received, and how and to whom and for what Poipole the lame and every Part thereof hjth been difpofed of, togc- her vitn the Vouchers and Receipts for fuch Payrrunt; and the Surveyor or Surveyors fhall afo deliver in Writing a correct Account cf the Statute Offices to Duty done or compourded for by each Perfon within the preceding actounu Twelve Months, and ffi.ll verify the Account upon Oath, if thereunto required by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (which Oath any one of the faid Truftees is hereby empowered to adminiftcr); andalfo fuch Officers and Perl'ons fhall and are hereby refpeftively required to pay all luch Monies, as upon the Balance of fuch Accounts fhall appear to be in their Hands, to fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them in each Diftrict fhall appoint to receive the fame ; and if the faid Officers cr Per Ions fh-tll refufe or neglect to render and give fuch Account as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to veiify the Articles (hereof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto squired in Manner aforefaid, or if any fuch Officers or Pcrfons fhall rTufe or neglect to deliver up to the faid Ttuftets or any Five or more of them in each D.ftrict, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fhall appoinr, within Ten Days after being thereunto requefted by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, cr by fuch other Perfon or Pcrfons, all Bocks, Papers, and Writings in their Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every fuch Cafe, Com, laint being made by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them ine?.ch Diftrict, of any fuch Neglect or R> fufal, to any Juftiee of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Perlon or Pcrfons fo neglefting or relufing (hall live or refide, luch Juftiee may and is hertby authorized and required by Warrant cr Warrants, to eaufe fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Pcrfons, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and detetmine the Matter of luch Complaint in a" fummary Way, and to fettle the laid Account cr Accounts, if produced, in luch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them in each D'ftiict might have done; and if upon the Con-feflion of the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Peifons againft whom fuch Complaint fhall l e made, or bv the Oath or Oaths of <.ny Witnefs or Witnefles, it (ball appear to fuch juftices that any of the Monies which fhall have been collected or retched fha'.l be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perlon or Pcrfons, luch Juftiee may and is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hard and Seal, to caule fuch Mo;»ey to be levied by [Lcc.&Ptr.l	14	5	Diftrefs

1202

Treasurer fo give Security.

Turnpikes.

T o’.i Houle*.

48'GE OR Git III. Gap. 65.

Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Officer?, Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively ■, and if no Goods or Chattels can be found fufficient to anfwerand fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of taking and making fuch Diftrefss and of felling the fame, or iffurh Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, ffiall not appear before the faid Jufticesat the Time and Place appointed for that Purpofe, or if appearing fhftl refufe or negle&to give and deliver to the Did Juftice an Accounc or -Accounts of Receipts and Payments as aforefaid, or to verify the Truth of luch Account and of the Articles thereof on Oath as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver up to the faid Juftice the feveral Vouchers and Receipts relating to fuch Accounts refpe&ively, or to deliver up all fuch Books, Papers, or Writings as aforefaid, then and in cither of the Cafes aforefaid, the faid Juftice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County, Town, or Place where he or they fnall live or refide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they fhall have delivered in and fettled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and (hall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receip's relating thereto, and ffiall have paid all the Money which ffiall appear to be in their refpebtive Hands, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale as ffiall in that refpebt have been made, or until he or they ffiall have compounded with the Truftees or any Five or more of them, for the fame, and paid the Compofition Money to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they ffiall appoint to receive the fume (fuch Compofition the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make) or until he ffiall have delivered up fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or given Satisfaction in refpect thereof to the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them : Provided always, that no Perlon who ffiall be committed for want of fuch Diftrefs ffiall be detained in Prifjn for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees in each Diftricr, or any Five or more of them, ffiall take fuch fufficient Security from the Trealurer or Treafurers, Cleik or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as they the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them in each Diftribt ffiall think proper.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That the Did refpective Truftees or any Five or more of them, ffiall and may continue and fupport, or build or erebl, or caufe to be built or erected, one or more Gate or Gates, Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, on or acrofs the faid Roads within each of their refpective Diftricrs, or on the Sides thereof, and acrofs any Wayor Laneleading into thefame, and alfoaToll Houfe or Toll HouTs, with fuitableOuthuildings and Conveniences,atorncareach Gate orTurnpike, and may from Time to Time remove, alter, or difeontinue the Lme or any of them, as they the faid Truftees refpectively, or anyNine or mere of them ffiall think expedient; fubject neverihelcfs to the Reftrictions herein contained in that Refpect; and that the refpective Tolls following ffiall be demanded and taken at every fuch Gate or Turnpike of the Rcr-fon or Perfons attending any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriage, by fuch Perfon or Perfons. as the faid refpective Truftees, or any Five or more

I	of

t20.$

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 65.

of them, fhall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, before any iuch Cattle or Carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame, (that is to fay)

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding; or Mule* drawing any Coach, Chariot* Chaife, Chair, or fuch like Carriage, Threepence:

For every Horfe, Maie, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Waggon, Carr, or fuch like Carriage, with the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, Two-pence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Waggon, Cart, or fuch like Carriage with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and under Nine as aforefaid. Three-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Waggon, Cart, or fuch like Carriage, with Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches* Four-pence:

For every Af, or Ox, or other Neat Cattle, drawing any Carriage; Twopence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, cf Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, One Penny:

For every Ox, Bull, Cow or Heifer, One Halfpenny:

For every Calf, Pig, Sheep or Lamb, One Farthing:

And that a Half additional Toll fhall be demanded, taken, and received on a Sunday, over and above the feveral and refpective Sums above-mentioned:

■Which refpective Sums of Money fhall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and fhall be vetted in the laid Truftees, and applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Perfon or Perfons lub-ject to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, flialf, after Demand thereof made either at the Gate where fuch Toll fhould be collected, or immediately after patting through the fame, negket or refufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it fhall be lawful fur the Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid to .ollect fuch Tolls, by himfelf or themfelves, or taking fuch Aflittance as he or they fhall think neceffary, to feize and diftrain any Horfe or Horfes, or other Cattle*

. together with their Bridles, Saddles* Gears, Harnefs, or Accoutrements, or their Loading, or any Carriage with its Loading, or fufficient Parc thereof; and if fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges cf fuch Seizure and Diftrefs, fhall not be paid within the Space of Five Days alter fuch Seizure and Diftrefs made, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and diftraining fhall and may fell the Horfe or Horfes, Cattle, Carriage, or Things lo feized and diftrained, or a fufficient Parc thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money (if any be) and what fhall remain unfold, upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tell, and the reafonable Charge occa-fioned by fuch Seizure, Diftrefs, and Sale, fhall be deducted.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Perfon or Perfons having Occafion to pafs through any Turnpike or Turnpikes where the Tolls or Duties are or fhall be taken, and who fhall return the fame Day through the fame Turnpike or Turnpikes before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the f me Carriage, Horfe, Gelding, Mare, Mule, or any other Sort of Cattle for which fuch Tells or Dunes have been paid, and to.evidence fuch Payment fhallproduce a Note or Ticket (which Note or Ticket the Receiver or Colle&or of the faid Tolls 6	are

Toils.

Half additional T 11 oA Sundays.

Manner of Kccovcry.

Uni ons fuf

Toll to be taken In pafl.

is a Day.

1204-

Application

Toll*

In cafe of Difpute' conceding Tolls and C Mrges. the Matter to be Titled by a Jultice

Toll Colieft-ors competent WitneU'es.

No Toll to be taken for crcfiing the Roads only.

Truftees may creitt Side

Tolls may be

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the faid Toll or Duty it demanded) fliall be liable or compellable the fame Day to pay the laid Tolls or Duties more than once at fuch Turnpke f or Turnpikes; which .aid rcfpe&ive Tolls fhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Trufters, and the fame and evty P.irt thereof fhall and may be demanded, levied, recovned, applied, and difpufed of in the fame Manner, and to and for the lame Hies, Intents and Purpofes, as in and by the faid recked Ads are mentioned and d 'dared with refped ro the Tolls thereby granted, and to and for the lame Ufcs, Intents and Purpofes, as fhall be by this Ad mentioned and declared concerning the fame.

XIV.	Pro’.ided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Difpute fliall happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any D ft refs, it fhall be lawful tor the C 'iledor or Perfon diltraining to detain the fame, or the Money arifiug from the Sale thereof (as the Cafe may happen) until the Quantity of the Tolls, or Charges of diftraining or felling the Diftrcfs (as the Cale fliall happen) fliall be afeertained by fome Juflice of the Peace for the refpective County cr Place, as the Cafe may require, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, fhall examine the laid Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or other VVitnefs or Wrneftes, and determine the Quantity of the Toll due, and alfo aftefs the Changes of fuch Diftrels and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpofe upon the faid Juftice ; all which Sums fo determined or aflefit-d, ihafl be paid to the faid Colledcr before he fhall be obliged to return the Diitrefs, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Fart thereof,

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Litigation fliall arife touching or in any wife relating to the faid Tells, the Perlcn or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVI.	Provided always. That no Toll or Duty fhall be taken st any of the Toll Gates ere&ed or to be ereded on the Lid Hoads, or at any Gate or Side Bar, on any Part of the faid Roads hereby direded to be repaired, for any Horfe, Gelding, Mare, Mule, or any other So;t of Cattle, or Carriage, which fhall only crofs either of the faid Roads.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Nine or more of them, to erect or caufe to be erected one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the laid Roads, and acrofs any Lane or Way leadiDg out of the fame, ar.d there to receive and take any fuch Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable, fo as the fame do not extend to a double Charge in any ore Diftricr, in cafe of palling through any other of the Turnpikes which are or fhall be erected by viitue of this Act.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees or ary Nine or more of them in each Diftrict, may and are hereby authorized and t n ,-powtrtd from Time to Tin e, as they fhall think proper, to kfltn, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts cf the Tolls hereby granted, at all, any, or

*•'	either

120 5

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.65.

cither of the faid Turnpikes in each Diftrict, and to raife the fame again fo as they do not exceed the Tolls bv this Act granted, and fo as fuch Reduction or Alteration be with the Confent of the feveral Perfons who fhall be entitled to hive-fixth Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the ToIF in fuch Diftrict; but no fuch Reduction (hall be made unlels Notice in Writing be given tor that Purpofo, by affixirgthe lame upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected acrofs the faid Roads in fuch Diftrict; or in fuch Manner as herein-'otft'ore mentioned, at leaft Fourteen Days before the Meeting for making fuch Reduction or Alteration; and luch Tolls fo It Acred, varied or altered, fhall be collected, recovered, and applied in the fame Manner as the Toils hereby granted aie directed to be collected, recovered, and applied*

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That if arty Perfon or Perfons vvhomfo- Penalty for ever, owning, renting, or occupying any Tenement, Lands, or Grounds near miu?ngprir" to either or any of the faid Roads, (hall knowingly or willingly permit or fuf- vate Paflage; frr any Pcrlon or Pcrfcns to pafs through any Ground, Gate, Paffage, or

Way, with any Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or any other Sort of

Cattle on which a l oll or Duty is hereby laid, with an Intent to evade

the Payment of the faid Toll or Duty ; or if any Perfon or Peifons owning, an^ of Perfon#

goirg in or driving any fuch Carriage, or owning, riding or driving any

HorJe, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, fhall therewith pafs throughany luch

Ground, Gate, Paftage, or private Way, with an Intenttu evade the Pav menc

of the laid Toll or Duty ; or if any Perfon or Perlons with the like Intent

fliall takeoff or caufe to be taken off any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or other

Catfte, from any Carriage; or fh ll take off or caufe to be taken off

any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, from any Charior, Chaile,

Cilafh, or C .rri2ge, at or before the fame fhall be brought or come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes to be ereded by virtue of this Aft, with an Intent to evade or avoid the Payment of any of the Tulls hereby impoled; or if any Perfon cr Perfons liable to the Cr forcibly Payment of any of the faid Tolls, (hall forcibly pafs or attempt to pafs any paiimgorat-of thefoid Gates or Turnpikes wirhouf Payment thereof at fuch Gate or pfRtLeGa'te Gates-, or if any Perfon or Perfons fliall give to, or receive of any without pay-other Perfon or Perfons (except the Perfon or Perfons appointed to receive g^vi^or^e-the Tolls hereby made payable) any Note or Ticket of the Day by this Ad ceiringTick-dire&ed to be given by the Colledor or Receiver of the laid Tolls, where- **y°*™*f by or by reafon whereof the Payment of any or either of the faid Tolls may ft# Toil*, be evaded or Jeffened, each and every Perfon and Perfons, in all and every or any Manner or Manners aforefaid offending, being thereof convided on the Oath of one cr more Witnefs or Witnefies before the laid Truftees' or before any Five or more of them, or before any one or more of His Ma» jefty's Juftices of the Peace for the Liberty or Divifion wherein any fuch Offeuce fhall be committed (which Oath the faid Truftees or any one or more of them, or the fa d Jultice or Juftices, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminilter, without Fee or Reward) fhall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, to the Truftees or any Five or more of them, or to tl.eir Treafurcr.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the Authority aforefaid.

That nothing in this Ad contained fhall authorize and empower the foid Truftees cr their Succeffors, or any of them, to repair or amend the Pavemmtsor Caufeways in the Streets of any Town through which

\Loc. & Per.]	14 C	any

*2o6

Exemptions.

48°GEORGII III. Cap.65.

any of the Roads hereby intended to be repaired do lead; but that fuch Pavements and Caufeways lhall continue to be repaired and kept in Repair, by fuch Ways and Means as they have heretofore been repaired before the pafling of this Act.

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That no Toll (hall be demanded for ary Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horfes, or other Beafts employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry and convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Quantity of Stone, Brick, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads or amending any Highways whatfoever; for or with any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but pafling to be laid up in the Outhoufesor on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for or with any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horfes, or other Beafts employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey or returning fromcarrying or conveying, having been employed only incarrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manures employed in Hufbandry for manuring or improving Lands or Gardens, or for any Lime to be ufed as Manure, (except from the Twenty-ninth T)ay of September to the Fifth Day of April in every Year, between whichDays the fame Toll ftidl be paid for Carriages laden with Lime as is by this A6t to be paid for Carriages laden with any other Things); or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pal-ture orWaterir.g Places, provided the faid Watering Place and Paftuie do not exceed Two Miles, or going to or returning from being Ihoed ; or for any Perfon going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church or Chapel cr other neareft Place of Religious Worfhip tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or attending the Funeral of any Perfon that lhall die and be buried in any the fame Parilh they (hall fo rcfpc&ively die; or for any Clergyman going to or returning from viflting any fick Perfon, or other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or onother Days on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Defcription, Carts, or other Things, that lhall not pafs One Hundred Yards at the leaft on any of the faid Roads; or employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprefTes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poft-mafter General either when employed in carrying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the lame ; or for any Horfes, Carts or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending ihem with their Arms or Baggage ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by or for any Perlons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Field Officer of Infantry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place ofExercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps and have their A ms, Furniiure and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps ref-pedively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal PafLs ; or for any Horle, Cattle or Beall, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafb, Chair, or Pallrnger on Horle-back, going to or returning from any E led ion of a Knight or Knights of

the

X3Q7

48’GEORGII III. Cap. 6$.

the Shire toferve in Parliament for the faid Counties of Salop and Stafford^ on the Day or Days of Eledion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Elcdon ihall begin or be concluded.

XXII.	And be it further enabled. That for the better preventing Frauds Penalty on and Collufions receding Carriages carrying Overweights, if any Leffee fuAfimn^Car-or Leffees of the Tolls payable at the Turnpike Gate or Gates ereded or otenvcTgiit to be crtded by virtue of this Ad; or any Colledor or Collectors	of	the	without

Tolls; or any Perfon or Perfons to be appointed to the Care	of	any bein£wejslltd‘

Weighing Machine or Machines ereded or to be ereded on the faid Road by virtue of this Ad, (hall fufTr or permit any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage liable to be weighed at any iuch Machine or Machines,	to	pafs

through the Turnpike Gate or Gates eieded or to be erected	on	the

faid Road by virtue of this Ad, without weighing the fame, or fhall fuffer or permit any fuch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage to proceed cn the faid Road, without having firft paid the Tolls payable for fuch Waggon,

Cart or other Carriage, and for all fuch Overweight or Overweights as fuch Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage refoedively fhall or may happen to have therein or thereon, each and every fuch Perlon (hall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XX'.II. And be it further enaded, That if any Leffee or Leffees of the Declaring Tolls payable at any Turnpike Gate or Gates ereded or to be ereded on the faid Road by virtue of this Ad, or any Colledor or CplJtdors, Per- Overweight fon or Per ions appointed to the Care of any Weighing Machine or vow1. Machines ereded or to be ereded cn the faid Road by virtue of this Ad,

(ball have bargained, contracted, compounded, orotherwife agreed with any Owner or Owers, Driver or Drivers of any Waggon, Care, or other Carriage liable to be weighed at the faid Machine or Machines, either for the palling through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, or over any Weighing Machine or Machines erected or to be erected on the Lid Road, with Overweight, every fuch Bargain, Contract, Compofmon, or other Agreement, fhall be and is hereby abfolutcly declared to be null and void, and of no Effect.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That if any Leffee or Leffees of the Tolls payable at any of the Turnpike Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the faid Road by virtue of this Ad, or any Collector or Collectors, Perlon or Perfons appointed to the Care of any iuch Weighing Machine or Machines as aforefaid, (hall make or enter into any Bargain, Contracr, Compofition, or other Agreement, verbal or written, wherein or whereby any fpecific Sum or Sums of Money in grofs or otherw.fe is or are to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons for the Carriage of Overweight in relped of any Waggon, Care, or other Carriage iiable to be weighed at the faid Machine or Machines, each and every fuch Leffee or Leffees, Colledor or Colledors, and Perfon or Perfons appointed to the Care of any fuch Weighing Machine or Machines, fo bargaining, contracting, compounding, or otherwife agreeing as aforefaid, ihaU for each and every fuch Bargain, Contrail, Compofition or Agreement, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds*

XXV.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for Wagons and any Perlon or Pei L ns from and after the Commencement of this Ad, to otu*r Car-

\ac,3

Number of Horfts not

Penalty on makingClai. illegally.

Power to de

wife and let Toll*.

4.8° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 65.

Ciufe any Waggon or other Four-wheeled Carriage (although the Sole of Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof (h ill not be of the Breadth or Gauge of Sixjlnches) to be drawn by any Number of Horfes or other Beads not exceeding Five, and any Cart or other Two-wheelcd Carriage (although the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof (hall not be of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches) to be drawn b / any Number of Horfes or oiher Beads not exceeding Four, upon all cr any Part of the fair! Roads intended to be included within this Ad, with an incrtafed Weight, in the following Proportions; (that is to fay) Haifa Ton to a Waggon and Five hundred Weight to a Cart, within any of the faid Diftrids where there (hall be a Weighing Machine at the Turnpike Gate fo as to afcertain the Weight, paying for each and every Horfe or other Bead fo employed fuch Toll or Duty as is by this Ad impoled upon any Horfe or other Bead drawing in any Carriage; any Thing in an Ad made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcdy for rcgula ing the Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom contained to the contrary notwith-danding.

XXVI.	Ant! be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfrns (hall ' in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the

Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Ad granted, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof (hall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Trudees, or any Five or more of them, lhall and may, if they think fir, by Order in Writing to be entered by their Clerk in the publick Book of the faid Truftees, demife and let the Tolls and Duties in each Didrid to be collided at any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Toll Bar cr Bars to be eredpd upon the faid Road or Roads or any of them, for any Term not exceeding Three Years on each Demife, for the bed Rent or Rents that can be got for the fame, which Rent or Rents lhall be applied and difpofed of as the Tolls and Duties to be colleded upon the faid Roads are hereby direded to be applied in Divifions as aforefaid •, provided, that before fuch Demife fhall be made, One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof at the lead (hall be affixed upon each of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars which (hall be ereded upon the faid Roads in each Didrid or Divifion as aforefaid, and that the Money which (hall be fo agreed to be paid for the faid Tolls (hall be made payable, and dull be paid to the faid Trudees by equal Quarterly or Monthly Payments; and that the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Tolls (hall be let lhall give Security, with fufiicient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the faid Trudees, for Payment of the fame ; and if on any letting, or Agreement for letting the faid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, any Default (hall be made in Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the fame, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then that the faid Trudees, or any Five of them, (hall have the Power of making fuch Agreement void, and then and in either of the faid Cafes the Perlon or Perfons to whom the faid Tolls fhall be let fliall be liable to account for the fame, and to have the fame levied and recovered upon him and them, by the fame Means and in the fame Manner as by this Ad is directed or provided for the accounting of ifcc faki Tolls by the

Collectors

1209

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Collector? thereo-, or f .r M ney had and received by any Perfon or Per-fons, and una c unted toi and unpaid, and for levying and recovering the lame as atorclaid.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Penalty cn P if n or Ptr.ons who fhail wilfully ride or drive any Iloifr, Gelding,

M re, Mule, Als, Cattle, Sheep, r Pig^, or a ly othtr Beaft, upon any Foot Roads0" Caufeways ma*. e r r to be made upon the fa id Roads for the Accommodation of Perlons travelling on Fuor, and lhall be convicted thereof by his, her, o' their own Confeffiort,. or by the Oah of one or more credible Witnefsor Witncfle , before any One o more of the Juftices of the Peace for the Limit wherein luch Offence lhall be commut' d, every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall forfeit and pay luch Sum of Money as fuch Juftice or J offices' f the Peace fhali adj dge, n t exc.edii g Twenty Shillings; the Recovery, lame to be levied and r-covered by Ddtrefs and S^Ie of the Goods and Chatrelsof every fuch Offmcler, by Warrant under the H ind and Seal or Hands and Srals of the JuOice or Juffices of ihe Peace before whom fuch Conviction (hall be madcifuch Fo reitures to be applied in rtc >mpenfing Application, the Informer, according to the Dilc etion of fuch Magiftrate o. Magiftrates, and in repaid g fuch Foot Ro d or Way ; and if there (hall any Oven-plus of fu> h Furfeituies, the fame fhail be laid out in repa -ing any Parr or Parts of the faid Turnpike Roads within that Diftrid •, and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons lo offending, and convicted, fhali have no Goods or Chattels within the Jcnld'Clion of luch Jjftice or Juftices of the Peace, or in cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not be forth with paid, that then it fhail and may be lawful for ary one or more of fuch J iliices as arore-faid, by Warrant under their Hand and Seal or Hand* and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon or Perlons to the Common Gaol of the faid County of Salop or Stafford, for the Space of One Calendar Munch, and fhail not be fooner difeha ged, unlets he, Ihe, or they, fhali pay the Penalty impofed by fuch Conviction.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhali and may be lawful for Surveycrs the Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Road (or fuch other Perfon or Per- £™fc> fons as he or they fhail appoint) oy Order of the faid Truftees, or any

Five or more of them, to make or caufe to be made Caufeways, and alio Ditchesor Drains in and upon or on the Sides of the faid Roads, and alfo through anv Grounds lying contiguous thereto; and aloto make a Road To make through the Grounds adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, narrow or temporary ruinous Parts of the faid Roads (fuch Grounds rcfpe&ively not being the Roads> Ground whereon any Houfe Hands, nor any Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park,

Paddock, planted YVaik or Avenue to any Houle, or anyinclofed Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurlery for Trees) to be made ufe of as a public Highway, whilft the old Road is repairing and widening; and alfo, by Order and ere<ft of any Five or more of the faid Truftees, to build, erc£t, repair, and keep Br'Sd«*» in Repair, any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part cr Parts of the laid Roads, and acrols any River, Sxtam, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain, therrin or contiguous thereto, making luch Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the piivate Grounds refpeflivcly tor the Damages they fhail or may fuftain, as fhail te judged reafonable by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ; and in cafe of any Difference concerning the fame between fuch Owners or Occupiers and the laid [Ler» 6? Per*]	14 £	Tiuftecs,

12io	48* GEORGII III. Gap.65-

Truftees, then it (hall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace at fhlifr next General Quarter SeflLns, or the Second General Qxiarrer ScfEons* or at any Adjournment thereof at the fartheft, to be holden for the County where the C-mfe ot Complaint (hall arife, to hear, fettle, adjudge, and fin llv determine the Rccoi pence to be made to fuch Owners or Occupiers for the Damages thev lhalj have fuftained as aforefaid ; but that no Satiifa'c-tion (hall be made for doin » nr performing any of the Works aforefaid upon or through any Moor, Common, or Wade Ground.

Truftees may XXX And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Truftees for

turn oi w den puttm„ thi" Act into Execution, or anv Five or more of them, (hall think

Roa $,&c. proper to widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the laid Roads or any of them, for the better Accommodation of Coaches, Carriages, and Pafirngcrs, it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the laid Truftees, or ar.y Five oi more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empoweied from Time to Time to treat, contract, and agree with anv Perton of Perfons for the Purchafe of any Lands, Grounds, or Hr editamerts lyinii near or contiguous to any of the faid rtfpective Roads, and for the Lois or Damage the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers thereof* or any f t'em, lhall or may anv wile fuftatn by luch widening, altering, or turning fuch Reads or any of them, and to pay for the fame out of the refpectiveT Us and Duties by this Act granted, or out of the Mor.cy to be b-- rr w-cd on th*' Credit thereof, luch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be agreed upon between fuch Owners* Proprietors, Occupiers or Perfons interetted <s al< reiaid, ana the »aid Truftees, or any F ve or m re of them, and for the Cults attending fuch Purchafe, all which Roads, when « id?ned, turned, or altered, by virtue of this Ace, (hali he and remain Forty Feet wide at the leaft between and exclusive of the Dtches-, ant. fuch Lands and Grounds, when fo purebaied as aforefaid, fhall, by Order and Dnect e>n of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, be laid into and made Part of fuch Road, in fuch Manner as the faid 1 toilets, or any Five or mote of them, (hall think convenient; with pioper Dra ns, Difci.es and Fences lor that Purpofe, and fhall from thenceforth be tftcn.ed a; d taken as apublick or common Highway, and as luch (hall ne amrndid and kept in Repair by fuch Ways and Means* and in fuch Manner asotnfi'H gh-ways are amended and kept i%Kepair by the Laws now in bnn^ ; and am r fuch Purchafe (hall be made as aioielaio, fuch Pait and Parts of the oid and former Road in lieu whereof fuch Lands or Grounds (hail be puichafed for (uch new Road as aforefaid, unlefs the idmc leads to lome Vi Lge. Town or Place to which fuch new Road doth not lead, fhall be v.fted in and fhall and may be fold and difpofed of by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, it any Perlon or Perfons for the btft Price that can be reaf- nably g t for the fame; and the Money arifwg by luch bale (hall be applied and difpofed of for the repairing, widening, and amending the Roads by this Ac duett d to be repaired; and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of fuch Lands and Grounds compuzed in the faid old Road, being entered by the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and inrollcd amongft the Records of the Sdlions of the Peace of the faid County oi Salop or Stafford, according to the Jurifdiction within which the lan e (hall lie, (hall vei't the Property of the fame Lands and Grounds tn the Perlon or Perfons to whom the lame (hall be fo lold and cony eyed, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever.

XXXI.	Provided

;f8* GlSORGlI lit. £^.65.	ifcii

XtXt. Provided always, and be It enafttd, That whereVct the Owner* of the Ccu r 1 of ai y Part of the Lid Roads (ball be altered by this Act, or Toll ai eung the'1 Houfe ttili onrinued, and a new Rodd OpfeneU dnd mace in any abj »itiing L.md, the Offer of the Purchase dr luch old Road or Toll Houfe dull be onji= old icr fit (I made to the Owner of fuch adjoining Lmd as fhall be cut and ufed Ro^d. for the Purpofe of nuking fuch new Road; and in cale fuch O.vner thill be defi ous of becoming the Purthafer of Inch old Road or Toll Hnufe^ and cannot 2g»fee With the fhd Truftees for the Price to be pa d for the fcurcfule of the lame, and fuch Owner fhall Hill be defirous of becoming the Purchafer thereof, then the Value thereof fhall be fettled and alcertaitiev; by a Jufy, in fuch Manner as the Price for any Land to bd taken h [Arfuartce ot this Aft is diteftfed to be fettled and afcEtained iii and oy tnii Ad, and fuch Owner (hall be deemed the Purchafer thereof at the Sum to be aicertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof j and in cafe fuch Owner ll all refufe to pay fuch Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treafurer or Clerk ro the Laid Truftees, and Tender of the C mvtyance of luch Old Rodd or Toll H ufe, the fame fhall and may be recovered by the Ltd Truftees by Aftion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record; and in cafe any fuch Owner fhall not agree, or fhall refufe to purchafe any luch old Road or Toll Houfe, it fhall and may be lawful to and f >r anyPerfon or Perfons (not inte.efted in the Premifes) to make ah Affidavit, to be (worn before a Mailer Fxtraurdinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Mij-.fty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Lid County where fuch old Road fha:l lie, (filing that fuch Offer Uas been made by or on Bchdif • f the (aid Truftees, and that fuch Owner has rot agreed Or has refufed to pur hafe fuch old Road or Toll Houfe (as th Cafe may be); and fuch Affid avit fhall in ”a.1 Courts u hatfuever befoftkent Evidence and Prbofthat fuchOfLr was made and not agreed to.

Or ftfufcd hy fuch OWn< r : Provrded ncverthelefs, that if fuch Owner fhall be willing-and con fen t to' take luch old Road or Toll Houle n Ex* change lor luch new Road or Toll Houfe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for ihe Lid Tn.ftees, and they aTe Hereby required to aifure the fame to fitch Perlon, by ente ring the fame in their Books, and delivering to him a Copy thereof fjgned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees; which C ;py fhall be a good and valid 1 itle to the fame, and be available in any Suit at Law or Equity.

XXXII.	And, for the removing of all Difficulties which might other-wife ooliruft fuch Contrafts, be it further enafted, That it (hall and Bodies Pali, may be lawful 10 and for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all Truftees,

Executors, Adminiftrators, Hufbands, Guardians, and Commiuees, for ir.akecon-and on the Behalf and in Right of any Infants’, Femes Covert, Idiots, ^and^&c L nafics, and other Perfon or Perfons bcir g under any other legal Dif- u* abil y, who are or fhall be feifed or poffeffed of or interefted in any fuch Laud-, Grounds, or Hereditaments as sforefaid, to trear, contr-ft, and agree wi h die faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for the abfo-lure Purchafe thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for the Intercft therein fi r the Pu.pofcs aforelaid, and to fell and convey the fame for a fair and

v.luible Confineiation, as Occafion fhall require; and that all Contracts,

Agreements, Sales, and Conveyarides, which fhall be fo made, (Hall be

vaiid to all intents and Purpofcs whatfoever, any Law, Statute, or Ufage All fuch Cot*.

to the contrary notwithflanding; and that all Perfons hereby fo aucho-trdasva‘Iki*

rized

1212

Where Per-

fons (hall re. fufe to treatj

©image and

to be le-.tled by a Jury.

W treffes to be exam ued upon Oath.

Truftees to •flue Warrant to the l et lit

a Jury.

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap.65.

lized to treat contra#, or agree for the fame, and ail other Perfort#/ are and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue or in purfuance of this A# ; and if fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate Ect lefiafticai or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Truftces, Committees, Executors, Aiminittraroj-s, or any other Perfon or Perfons inttrefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upo Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing, at the Dwelling Houle orHjufes, or othe' Place gr Places of Abode of fuch Perlon 01 Perfons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Body Polit e, C xporate, Ecclcfufttca! or Civil, or at theHuufrof the Tenant inPuffcflio.-of the Lands or Hereditaments, through which any Part of fuch Koads is intended to be made, diverted, turned, or altereu, fhall for the Space of I'mr y Days next after fuch Notice left or given, neglr# or re fufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifcs, or by reafon of Aolence fhall be p evented from treating, then and in every »uch Cafe the laid Truftees, or any Five or more or them, fhall caufe fuch Damage and R(C-*mpence to be inqu.red into and afrertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County in which fuch Lands or Hereditaments fhall li $ and in order thereto the laid TruL tees or any Five or more of them, are hereby required and empowered, from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall be, to iummon and call before fuch Jury and ex mmc upon Oath any Pcrfonor Perfons whomfo ver (which Oath any one or more of the laid Truftees is and arc hereby empowered to adminifle.); and :uch Truflees, or any F ve or more th m, fhall, y ordering a View, or otherwife, ule all Ways and Means as well for their own as the laid Jury’s Information in the Pranifcsj and after the laid Jury have inquired of and aff lied fuch Damage arid Rec ’mpence, they the (aid Truftees, or any Five or more or them, (hail thereup n order and adjudge a.-d determine the Sum or Sums of Money, lo affeffed by the faid Jury 10 be paid to the laidOwners and other Pcriors inreiefted in fuch Lands or Hereditaments, according 10 the Verdi# and inquifiuon o fuch Jury, which Lid Verdi# or Inqoifuion and Judgement, Order, and Dete;minaiion thereupon, fhall be final, binding, anti conclufive, to all Intents and Purpcfec, againft all Parties and Perfons whomiocvcr claiming or to claim in Pofftffion, Remainder, Keverfnn, or o.herwife, their Heirs and uccefiors, as well abfent as prefent,, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Perfons under any Difablny whatfoever, Budits Politic, Corporate, Eccltfiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or bole as well as all other Per ion or Perfons whomfuever; and forfummonitig and rc_ turningfuchjuries, the faidTrullees, oranyFive or more or them, -rencrehy empowered to iiiue their Warrant to the Sheriff oi the refpective County in which the faid Lands or Hereditaments fo to be taken fhall happen to be, requiring him toimpanncl, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons qualified to lerve upon Juries, to appear before the faid 1 rufices, or any Five or more of them, at luch Time and Place as in fuch W. rrant or Warrants (hail be appointed, and luch Snenff or his Deputy is aid are hereby tequirctlio impannel, Iummon, and retuin luch Num er of Perfons accordingly, and out of the Pci funs fo lummoned, inipannelled and returned, or out of fuch of them as fliaii appear upon fuch Summons, the laid T1 uflees, or any Five or more cf them, fhall, and they arc hcieby 1 mpowered and required to draw, by Ballot, and to Iwear or caule 10 he Iworn Twovc Men, who (hall be the Juiy for the Purpolcs aforelaid j and in Default of a iuffkicnt Number of Jurymen, the laid 9	Sheriff,

1213

4 8° GEORGII III. Cap.65.

Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the faid Truftees,

(hall return other honelt and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, ur that can fpeedily be procured, to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve i and all Perlons concerned (hall have their lawful Challenges againlt any of the Lid Jurymen when they come to belworn; and toe faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, afting in the Premifes, (hall have Power from Time to Time to impofe any recfonable Fine or Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premifes and on any of the Perfons that fh ill be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and who fhall not appear, or appearing (hall retufe to be fwom on the faid Jury, or for not giving a Verdift, or (hall in any other Manner wilfully negleft their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and on any ot the Perlons who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury fhall refute or negleft to appear, or appearing (ball rtfufe to be fworn or examined, orto give Evidence fo that no fuch Fine be more than Ten Pounds on any one Peiron for one Offence.

XXXFI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Jury fhall Expenee»of give in or deliver a Verdift or Affeffmenc for more Money as a ^u'by0^e*10 Rcco/npence for the Right, Intereft, or Property, of any Perfon or Perlons bc orne* in any L .nds or Hereditaments, or for any fuch Lois or Damage, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, before the fummoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence pr Satisfaction for any fuch Right, tntereft or Property, cr Damage as aforefaid, that then and in fuch Cafe the Cods and Expcnces of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witneffes Pnail be borne and pud by the laid TruJtjecsj or any Five or more of them, in their fcveral Diftrifts out of the Tolls hereby granted, or out of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but if any fuch Jury fhall give and deliver a Verdift or AfTclTment for no more or for lels Money than fhall have been agreed to afid offered by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more ot them, bcf. re the fummoning and returning of the laid Jury, as a Recom pence or Satisfaftion for any fuch Right, Intereft or Property in, or Lol's or Damage as aforefaid, then that the Cofts and Expcnces of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witneffes fhall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees fhall have fuch Controverfy or Difpute: Provided always, that in all Calcs where the Perfon or Perfons fhall by reafon of Abfcnce have been prevented from treating, fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid,

XXXIV. And be it further enafted. That if any Money fhall be paid Application of or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tcr.e- C<>mpcnfatio«\ menis, or Hereditaments, purchafcd, taken, or ufed by virtue of the io2^oUctins P iwers of this Aft, for the Purpofes aforefaid, which fhall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee, Executor, Adminiftrator* Hufb-ind, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftees, for cr in Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Ceftuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in flrift or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other le^al Disability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

[Loc. ft? Per.]	14 E	with

1214

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 65:

with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trultees for executing this AO, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a ftimmary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits t;f the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or D;fcharge of any Debt or. Deots, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the Court lhall aurhorize to be paid, afftding the Line Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame fhail be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (ball be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, TrufL, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or H«-reditaments which fhail be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fee Jed or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of mak ng fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exiting undetermined and capable of taking Effed; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhail be made, the faid Money fhail by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Poum's/><?r Centum Conlolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the (aid Bank Annuities fhail be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements or H reditaments, to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

Application cf XXXV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Money Compensation f0 3greed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-ftooY 'anI ments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforelaid, and belong-amountinj to jpg to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Djfabilicy s0 J*	or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred

Pounds, and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cales the fame fhail, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, tobefignified in Writing under their rslpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England-, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, ih order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore diieded, -or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Truftces to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option,, and be approved of by Five of the Trullees for executing this Ad (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that 6 '	fuch

1215

48°GEORGII m. Cap. 65.

fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifiog therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-befure directed, lo far as the Caf- be applicable, without obtaining or beir.g required to obtain the Dircftion and App obation of the Court cf Chancery*

XXXVI.	Provided aifo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Application »f Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (hall f^"spte^tl0B be Ids than Twenty Pounds, then and in at) luch Cafes the fa re fhall be 201. applied to the Ufe of the Pe Ton or Pc To ns who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for thePurpofes of the f id Afts and this Ad, ir, luch Manner as the laid Tmltees lhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, I iiotcy or Lunacy, of any Pcrfon lolely entitled, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Commitee or Cemmirtets, to arid for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Per ion or Perfons fo ent.tled refpeftively.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons in cafe of not

to wh< m any Sum or Sums of Money lhall be awarded for the Purchafe	ou£

of any Land*, 'I encments ©r Heieditatnents, to be purchafed by virtueof

this Aft, fhall refufe 10 accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles, to the Satisf .ftion of the laid Truflees, or any Five or more of them; or in cafe any Per Ion or Perfons to whom fuch if perfons not Sum or Sums of Money lhall be fo awarded as aforelaid cannot be found, J?'3"-d^jPur" or if the Pcrfon or Perfons eniithd to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Here- Jooepadinto ditamenrs, be not known or ci covered, then and in every fuch Cafe the Bank, it fhail and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with theP-ivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Laods, Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them\ I'ubjcft to the Subject to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which Qrderofthe faid Court of Ch u.cery, on the Application of any Perfon ci Perfons Syon'Mo3-"" making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by ocn ^rPcti-Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary tl0,J*

Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Publick Funds, or to order Dihrihution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the reipeftive Eftare or Efiates, Title or Interefl, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafunable; and the Cafhieror Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fnall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecil’ying for what and for whole Ule the lame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fnall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforefaid*

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That where any Quef- Q .. lion fhall arife touching the T itle of any Perfon or Perfons to any Money ruffing0™ t<» to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of Title*,, *c. the Accountant General of the Coii'rt of Chancery, in purfuame of this Aft,

for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any

Efhie

I2l6

The Court of Clurt-rry to

C.<? Ic . 0 '«■ *-* *-xpci*ces.

Roads to he weali-red, and Mil Sun« eredted.

Penalty on defaci.'ig them.

Penalty on Pen; n* t r difpoling of Ti kets or receiving

48“ GEO RGII III. Cap. 65.

Efta’e. Right or Inteieft in any Lands, Tenements orHeredicament?, to be purehaftd in purfuance of this Ail, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur-chafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interell of any luch Bank Annuities, the Perfon crPeifonswho lhall have been in Polfeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pur-chafe, and all P rfons claiming under fuch Pc.Ton or Perfons, or under the Pdf (Ti n of fuch Pcrfon or Perlons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, accoiding to fu.h Pjffclfiun, until the contrary fhail be Ihewn to the Sat:sf ftionofrhe Lid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Interell of. he laid Bank Annuities to be purchaled with fuch Money, and alio the C.■‘-pit.il of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlels it lhall be made appear to the fa;d Court that fuch Pdf flion was a wrongful Pcfleflion, and that lome other Perfon or Perlons was or weie lawfully entitled to fuch Land:,, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Elbte or Interell therein.

XXXIX.	Provided a’fo, and be it enabled, That where by reafon of •any I) l .bility or Incapacity of the Perfon or Pefons, or Corporation cmirled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchafe Money for the lame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be let-tied to di like Ufes, in purfuance of this Adi, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Court of Chancery to older the Expences of all Purchafes fr m Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court lhall deem reasonable, to be paid by the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Aft, who lhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums ol Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court lhall direft.

XL. And be it further enabled, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, may if they think fit, in their different Diftnfts, caufe the laid Roads to be tneafured, and Stones or Polls to be placed in or near the fame, with lnfcriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Diftancc of Places, as they lhall think proper, and alfo lhall caufe to be fee up fuch and fo many Direction Polls as they may think neceffary ; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any fuch Stones or Polls, or any Polls now or hereafter to be fee up by rhe Order of the laid Truftees on the faid Foorpaths, or Hull in any Manner injure or damage the faid Caufeways, or fhail obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks on the faid Mile Stones or Polls, and be thereof convifted before any jufticeof the Peace for the County or Divtuon wherein the Offence may be committed, by the Confeflion of the Parry, or by the Oath of one credible Witnefs, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuih Offence} one Moiety whereof lhall be paid to the Informer and ihe other Moiety lhall be paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Trea-furer or Cleik, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Act.

XLI. And, for preventing the committing of Frauds and Abufes in the

faid Tolls or Duties hereby granted, be it further enabled. That if anv Pc,fun or Peifcns having paid the Dunes or Tolis by this Aft laid, and

having

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 65.

1217

Tolls or Duties, and which Tickets the faid Truftees are hereby empowered to order where they (lull lee right in their different Diltrid?* fhall give or difpofe of the fame to any Pcrfon or Perfons in order to avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls or Duties, every fuch Pcrfon giving or oif-pofing of fuch Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickers, and the Pcrfon receiv. ing or making ufe of the fame, being thereof rel'pctti vely convided upon Oath before the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or before any One or more of the laid Juftice orjuftices (which Oath the faid Truftees, or anv Five or more of them, or the faid Juftice or Juftices, are and is hereby empowered and required to adnnnifter) fhall relpcdively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, to be levied* recovered, and difpofed of as any other Penally or Forfeiture is hereby dirededto be levied, recovered* and difpofed of.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That the Right and Property Turnpike of all the Turnpike Bars, Rails* and Fences, Toll Houfes, Buildings, ^natee? Machines, and Premifcs, already erected or provided by virtue of the faid former Ads, or either of them, or to be ertded or provided by virtue of this Ad, and the Right and Property of the Materials provided for erect ing,building and repairing the fame or any of them refptdively, and alfo all the Toll , Materials, and other Requisites, got, provided or colleded for any of the Purpofes of the faid Ads or this Ad, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Truftees in their faid feveral Diltrids, and they or any F ive or more of them are hereby empowered to difpofe thereof as they fhall think proper; and to bring or caufe to be brought any Adion or Adions in the Name or Nimes of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, or to prefer or order the preferring of Indidments againft any Pcrlon or Perfons who fhall (teal and carry away, break: down, injure, or fpoil the fame, or any Parr thereof, or diliurb the Truftees, their Agents or Servants, in the PofTcfiion thereof, and lay the Property thereof in the Name of fuch Treafurer or Clerk.

XLIIL And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for power of the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more them, to borrow and take up at borrowing Interefl on the Credit of the Tolls arifing by virtue cf this Ad, fuch Mone)* further Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Five or more of them fhail think fit in their feveral Diftrids, and may and are hereby empowered to demife or mortgage the laid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and powerto the Turnpikes or Toll Houfes for colleding the fame in each Diftrid (the demi.'eor C.ofts and Charges of fuch Mortgages to be paid out of fuch Tolls) as a Toll?^the Security to any Perfon or Perfons, or their Truftees, who fhall advance fuch further Sum or Sums of Money by the following Words, under their Hands, or by any odier Words to the like Effed; videlicet,

c T>Y virtue of an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of Form of Seen-

*	the Rfign of His Majtfty King George the Third, for [here Jet forth r>tyfcrM oixty

*	the Title of this AcT\ We,	of the Truftees of the faid Ad, ed*be

‘ i-ding tor the	Diftrid	[here Jlctte the Di$ritt\ in

* C'moderation of the Sum of	to	the

‘ Treafurer cf the faid Roads in fuch Diftrid in Hand paid. Do ‘ grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto

[Lie. Cf Per.]	14	F	*	his	*

J2i8	48* G E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 65*

‘ his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aftigns, all the Tolls arffing uport ‘ rhefai 1 Ro ids within the fame Diftrift, and of the Turnpikes and Toil ‘ IToufcs for coiiechng the f.ime, to be had and holden from this 4 Day of	in	the Year of our Lord	for and

*	during the Continuance of the fat'd Ad, unlcfs the fame Sum of

*	with	InteTeft at the Rate of	per	Centum

‘ per Annum, fliall be fooner repaid and latisfied.*

Kcnvr?f	^*°Plcs	Mortgages	fhall	be	entered in a Book or Bocks to

Books^ lc."1 be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Treafurer of fuch Difirid ; and all Pcrfons to whom any Mortgage fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be pofleffed of any Mortgage made by virtue of this Ad or of the faid former Ads, or w ho fhall be entitled to theMoney thereby refptdiveJy fecured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Intereft or Benefit* to the faid Mortgage, and the Principal and Intereft thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever by Indoifemenr, in the following Words, or Words to the like Efied :

Tran*fer. * T Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage]] with all my Right ‘ and Title to the Principal thereby fecured, and all the Interefl now

*	due on the fame, unto	his	Executors,	Admini-

‘ ftrato'S, and AfTigns. Dated this	Day	of

( in rhe Year of our Lord

6 Wunefs, C. D.	‘	A. B*

Which faid Transfer (hall be produced and notified to the faid Clerk or Treafurer, who (hall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties and Sums of Monty therein transferred, for which the faid Clerk or Treafurer fhall be paid fuch Sum as the faid Truftees or any Five cr more of them fhall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings; and fuch Transfer fhall then entitle fuch Affignee, his, her or their Executors, Adminflrators, and Afiigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and fuch Affignee may in like Manner affign or transfer the fame again, and fo toties queties ; and it fhall not be in the Power of any Perfon or Pcrfons to whom the fame fhall be laft transferred to m ke void, releafe or difeharge the original Security, or any Money thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Perfons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer fhall be made as aforefaid, fhali, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums thereby fecured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Ad granted, and on the laid Turnpikes and Toll Houfes in equal Degree one with another, and fhall have no Preference in refped of the Priority of advancing their Money, or the Dates of the Securities.

OM Mort-^ XLiV. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees or any Five caikdTn^end or more of them fhall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Morrgages now ftanding out that were made by virtue of the faid former Ads* or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgiges in ftead and lieu thereof refped-ively, in Manner as herein-before is tiire&ed.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Roads, and fuch Pcrfons as fhall be employed by him or by the

faid

Gravel, firm Waite Grounds j

1219

48* GEORGII III. Cap.65.

faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to cur, dig, gather, take and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making or repairing of the faid Roads, out of or from any Common or Wafte Ground, River or Brook, without paying any Thing for the fame, fuch Surveyor or other Perfons tiding up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Bank where fuch Materials fhall be taken, Gr railing or fencing fuch Pits or Quarries fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paffengers and Cattle, and where there is not fufficient of any fuch Materials to be procured in any Walle Grounds, River or Brook, the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfons as aforefaid, may, by Order of the faid I ruftees, or ary Five or more of them, fearch for, cut, dig, gather, rake or carry away ail fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, upon, or out of, from and over the Lands of any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or any inch-fed Ground planted and fee apart as a Nurfery for Trees) paying or tendering Payment for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers relpe&ively out of theGrounds whereon orfiom whence the fame Hull be cut, gathered, taken or carried away, or upon, over or through which the fame or any other Materials fo cut, dug and gathered as aforefaid, flnall be conveyed, fuch Equivalent in Money as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall adjudge reafonable ; and in cafe of any Difference between the Truftees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Pirions appointed and employed as aforefaid, and the Owners or Occupiers of private Lands or any of them, concerning furh Payment and Damages as aforefaid, the Jufticts of the Peace at their next General Quarter Seffions, or the fecond General Qua: ter Scflions at the farthvft, to be holden for the County or Divifion where ihe Caufe of Complaint fhall arife, on Ten Days Notice tuereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, fhall hear, fettle and determine the Matter of fuch Payment and Ddmages; and the Judgement or Order of the laidjuftices therein fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties.

XLVI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena£Ld, That it fhall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Perfon or Perfons, under the Authority of this Adt, to dig, gather, take, and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the faid Roads, out of or from any ircloied Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for fuch Occupier at his or her ufuai Place of Refidence, to appear before the laid Truftees or any Five or more cf them, or any T wo or more Juftices of the Peace a&ing for the County or Place wherein fuch Premifes fhall lie, to fhew Caufe why fuch Materials fhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds ; and in cafe fuch Occupier lhall attend puriuant to fuch Notice, the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fuch Jufbces, lhall, (if they think proper) authorize fuch Surveyor or other Pcrion < r Perfons to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials at fuch Time or Times as to fuch Truftees or to fuch Juftices lhall feem proper; and if fuch Occupier (hail negledt or rcful'e to appear by himlelf or herfclf, or his or her Agent, the faid Truftees or fuch Jufticts fhall and may make fuch Order therein as they (ball think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if luch Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

making Si*is-faction to he Owneis of tlif Ground*

Notice to be given to the

Lands before Materials are taken for repairing Roads.

XLVII. And

1220	48°GEORGII	III. Cap. 65.

tlTi'^aiav	XL VII. And be it further enabled, That if any Peifon or Peifons fliali

M '	take away any Materials which have been digged or gathered in any Lands,

01	th7Sar-1Cr ' ^*c^s5 Wades or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpofe of making vey-jr.	or amending the Lid Roads, or fhall dig, get, or take away any Materials

out of any Pitpi Quarry which fhall have been made for the Purpofe of getting Materials fot the laid Roads, before the Surveyor or other Workmen lhall have difconcinued. working therein for the Space of Twenty-one Days, except the Owner or Occupier of any privace Ground, and Perfons authorized by fuc-h Owner or Owners to get Materials therein for his own private Ufe only and not for Sale, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Truflees or noj jjites, kc.

XLVI1I. And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truft es or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Pci Tons as they fhall appoint from Time to Time, to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the faid Roads, and to turn any Water-cot rfr, S'tikior Drains running along, into, or out of the faid Roads to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or make deeper any Warercourfes or Ditches adjoining thereto, and make the fame as deep and large as he or they fhall think necefiary, in cafe the Owners or Oicupiers of the Premifes fhall negledt to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen or deepen fuch Watercourfes or Ditches, or remove fuch other Annoyances in fuch Manner as any Five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall require for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, under the Hand or Hands of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors; and by and with the Confcnt of Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the refpedtive County or Place, acting in their Petty Sefiions, fignified under their Hands and Seals, and not other wife, to cut down any Timber Trees; and that it fhall and may be lawful fur fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, at the proper Seafon of the Year to lop any Timber Trees, and to lop or top any other Trees, and cut down any Shrubs or Bulhes growing in the faid Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, and to cut down or reduce all fuch Hedges to the Height of Four Feet; and to take, carry away, and fell the Wood fo cut, and apply the Money arifing therefrom in repair of -the Road whereon or near whereunto the fame flood, in cale the Owners or Occupiers fliali negledt to lep or top, cut down and remove fuch Trees, Shrubs, or Bufhes, or reduce fuch Hedges in fuch Manner as the Lid Truflees or any Five or more of them fhall require, for the Space cf Twenty-one Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe, to be left at the capital or Manfion Houfe belonging to the Land on which the fame fhall f>and, or where the Occupier or Tenant fhall refide, under the Hands of Five or more of the faid Truflees; the Charges whereof to be fettled by the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, fhall be reimburfed by fuch Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in fuch Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied; and if after Removal of any of the faid Annoyance?, any Perfon fnall again offend in the like Kind, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch fublequent Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings;

For p-cvent-Jng Annoy*

XLIX. And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon fhall, without fufficient Caufe, leave any Waggon, Cart, or ocher Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Parc of the laid Roads, without any Horfe or other 6	Be	aft

1221

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 65.

Beall of Draught yoked thereto or to draw the fame, or fhali knowingly or wilfully lay any Sort of Timber or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Kubbifh, or other Matter or Thing wha fuever, in any Part of the laid Hoads or on the Sides thereof; or if any Pe fun or Perfons fhall draw or cauft to be drawn uj>on any Part of the faiu Roads any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, other wife than upon Wheel Carriages, or (ball fuller any Part of any Tree or Fitceoi Timber which fhall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage* to drag or trail upon any Part of the feid Roa is to the Prejudice thereof j or if any P.rfon or Perioi.s fhall f] ghrei, firige, feald or drel's any Ball, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or other Cattle, in cr upon any Part of the faid Roads, or hew or I w any P.ece of Stone, Wood or Timber, or bind, make or repair (ex- < pt in Caies of Accident) the Wheel of any Carriage j or (except in Caies 01 Accident) (hoe, bleed or farry any Horfeor other Beall in or upon any Pa>t of .he Li Ro ds, every Per (on fo offending in any of the Cafes afortfaid, fhall tor eve.) fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Five Pounds.

L. And whereas divers Pei Tons owning, renting or occupying Lands, abutting upon the Roads intended co be repined by this Ad, do f equcntly in ploughing luch their Lands turn their Ploughs upon the laid Roads, and thereby break up and very much damage the lame; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perlons whensoever owning, occupying or renting any Lands abutting upon any P-rc of the faid Roads directed robe repaired by this Adt, fhall either by hin felf or his, her or their Servant or Servants, direftly or indirectly, after the pafiing of this Ad:, plough or caule his or their Ploughs co be turned in or upon any Part of the laid Roads fo intended to be repaired, every Owner or Occupier of fuch Lands, or his, her or their Servant or Servants fhall for every fuch Offence foifeit and pay to the faid Truffees any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and difpoled of in fuch Manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures are by virtue of this Act direded to be recovered, levied and dilpol'ed of.

LI. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall affaulc, interrupt, hinder or d.lturb, or caufe, promote or encourage to be faffiultea or interrupted, hindeied or diffurbed, any or either of the Collectors of the Toils in the Execution of this Act, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons by them or either of them, or by the laid Truffees or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, chggmg, taking or carrying off any Furze, Heath, Sand, Gravel, Stones or other Materials for the altering, widening or repairing the Roads by this Act intended to be repaired, or in topping, lopping, cutting down cr carrying off any Tree Top, Lop or Overhangings, Ditches, Drains or Watcreourics as aforeh ;d, or doing any other Act in or for the repairing, widening or altering, varying, turning, fhonening or amending the Lid Roads, by virtue of the Powers of this Act given, or any of them, every luch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

LII. And be it further enadl- d and declared, That if it fhall app ar to the faid Truffees or any Five or more of them, that any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Rents, Profits, or Sum or Sums of Monry, iffuing cut of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, [Lee. & Per. |	14	G	which

penalty on Pe-Ions t ,nn ing Plough.

Penaltv on

o>ft. tiding Surveyors, ’ &c. and the CclldoiJ, &c.

Land* chargeable to the Roads to continue fo.

1222	4^ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 65.

which now are or hereafter (hall be liable or chargeable towards the

repairing or amending the laid Roads, or any Part thereof, by this A6t dirt dt-a to be repaired, fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Rents, Profits, Sum or Sums of Money iffuing as aforefaid, (hail remain liable and cnargeable, and the PoffdTors or Occupiers of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are hereby required and directed to pay fuch Rents and Profits to luch Perfon and Pei Tons as the Lid Trufteesor any Five or more of them, (hall appoint to receive the Tolls and Duties granted by this Ad, and upon Default of Payment it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Trultees or any Five	or more of them, by

Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the	fame by Diftrefs and

Sale of the Goods of fuch Perfon or Perfcns as lhall neglect cr refule to make luch Payment as aforefaid, together with the Ckfts and Charges cf fuch Diftrefs and Sale* and fuch Rents, Profits, Sum or Sums of Money, when recovered and received, lhall be applied from Time <o 'J m- t r and towards amending the faid Roads, and to no other Ule, Intent or Purpole whatfoever.

fh f°n8iicto	And be it further enaded, That where any particular Part or

ti <	Yw.-ys	Farts cr the laid Roads, or any Riidges, Diains or	Sewers, lying in and

toconti..u	1..	upon the laid Roads hereby intended to be repaired,	have been accuftom-

to fii-ought so be repaired and maintained by any particular Pe.fon or inf ns. Body Politic or Corporate, by Reafon of the tenure of any L.'-rds1, Tenements ( r Hereditaments, or by the Lid Counties of Salop c r Stnj'ord, or any D vifion, Ward or Townlhip therein, or othetwife how-loever, all and evny kci) Part or Parts of the laid Roads, Bridges, D-ains o: Siwvr- , fo lying in and upon the faid Roads, (hall from Time to 1 me be maintained anci kept in Repair by fuch Perlon or Perfons, B> y l'olmc o- Corporate, and in luch M inner as the fame were refpedively maintained and kept in Repair, before the palling of this A6L

LIV. And be it further enafted, That every Sum of Money or low. '-e 1 Rf com pence to be agreed for or aflk fled as af refaid, (hall be paid out of tendered*50^	10	arife	by viitueof this Aft to the Parties or Pvtfons reipett-

ei‘ ue ' ivdy entitled to the lame, or to their Agents, after deducing fuch Pro-po: ion of Expences fis aforefaid (if any be) ; and upon Payment thereof into the B i k of England in the Manner by this A 61 ditedlcd as the Cafe may be, it fhall be lawful for the laid Trufteesor any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents to enter upon and take P; ffeflion of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, and to lay out and make, widen, diveit, or turn fuch Ro; d or Roads in and upon, through and ovrr fuch Lai,ds or Hereditaments, and to do all and every A6t, Matter anti Thing with relation to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, as the faid Trdlees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit •, and the faid Tiuftees or any Five or more of them lhall caufe fuch Parts of the laid Road or R ads as (hall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any private Giounds co be ditched, or otherwife fenced from the adjoining Lands pur- Lands; and all Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be made a Part or m depS^of	Parts of the	faid Roads	by virtue of this Ad, (hall be	for	ever thereafter

th? Koad, and	a common	Highway,	and lhall be kept in Rejair	as Inch, and from

keffch Rfpair	thenceforth	all Parties	and Perfons whomfoever (hall	be	divefted cf ail

Old Roads to	P'ght ar.d	Title to fuch Lands and Hereditaments ; and	alter any fuch

beLld. new Road lhall becompleated, the Lands conftitut-ng the former Road,'

nnlefs

1223

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 65.

unlefs leading over fome Moor or Wade Ground, or to fome Village, Town or Place to which fuch new Road doth not lead, fhall be Veiled in and may be iold and conveyed by the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them in Manner herein-before mentioned ; but this A£t (hall not extend to the taking down any Dwelling Houle or other Building?, or to rake in any Land that is a Garden or Orchard adjoining to any Dwelling Houfe, or any Park, Paddock, Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Paic thereof, without the Conlent of the Owner or Proprietor theieof.

LV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That all Peifons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, fhall remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the laid Counties of Salop or Stafford, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the hid Truftee?, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of theS atute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the refpe&ive Patifhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the H ghways of every fuch Pardh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for luch Stature Work as aforefiid, (hall be by him, her, or them paid to the hid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to lummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Pariih or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Pl?ce to be exprefiev; in fuch Summonsfwiihin Ten Days after the fervingof fuch Summons) of the Names of the I'cveral Perfbns who within fuch Par.fh or Piace are by Law fubjedt and Fable to-do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, uiltinguifbing the Nature of the Work to be done, wherher with Teams or Draught, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the rcfpe&ive Sums to be fo p ud, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Redactions as is or may be d:re£ted by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of luch Lift-; the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint and order Inch and fo many of the Perlons who fhall appear to be iubject ami Jnble to Statute Woikas atorefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices fhall think rea tunable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harvcft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfoorder and direct the Pcrfons who by luch Lilts fhall appear to be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Sta u e Work as aforelaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Jufii.es fhall ihink proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch T une or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall diredt; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame flidl and m3y be recovered by Diftrefs and Fa e of he Goods and Chattels of the relpe&ive Perfons liable to the Pay men: thereT, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized 01 uircCtco to be recoveied; and each and every Per ion who fhall neeletfc or 8	refufe

Sulldinrs or Garde suit to be injured.

Perfon<charge-able to S atute W01 k to continue fo.

Juitices to

Diiieien.es touching Statute Work.

1224

48° G EORGII III. Cap. 65,

refufe to do fuch Statute Work as afoTefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left tor him, her, or them, at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for tha* Purpofe by any Surveyor of the laid Truftees, fhall, for every D y of his or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Libourers, Team or Trams, Draught or Draughts, Horie or Horfes, Beatt or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjeft and liable ro luch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Pei fon or Per-f ns mav be fuWje&or liable to by any Law or Stature in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfori* who fhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to woik on the fud Roads, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors totne laid Truftees, fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Pcrfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perlon lending fuch Lab mier, Team, or Draught, fhall be fubjedt and liable to the refpeftire Foifritures and Payments aforefaid as it fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads j all which Forfeitures ih .il be pa'd to the Trealurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the laid Pariihes or Places, fhall refuse or wilfully n< gU-ft t 1 give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly or wi!-fu !y give in falfeor imperfedf Lift?, every fuch Surveyor or Surveyors (o ofFr. ding fhall for every luth Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceed* ing Forty Shillings,

who Jh'lfhe LVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared and ena&ed, Teamhoiders. That every Pcifon or Perlons who fhall renr, hire or occupy any Lands,

T enements, or Hereditaments, of the Y urly Value of Fif y Pounds, ihali be deemed and taken as a Teamholder, and fhall to a»;d perform iutfi "VVo^kin and towards ihe repairing the Highways of me Lid lrv.-r 1 Paiifhes, Hamlets and Places in which they relpeftively .*jvr, or hold <r occupy luch Linds, Tenements or Haeuiumcnt, or Pci ion* keeping Teams are obliged to do.

Trufteesmay LVII. And he it fuither ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to Statute'vfo-? anc* *or c*;e fa>d T'-uftees to compound and ag ee with any P.rfun or Pnfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the faid Roads, or any Part thereof, and alfo wuh the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any cf the Pariihes or P.aces in which the Lid Roads fhall lie and be ficuate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year, or Othcrwife, as the laid T.uftees (hall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Roads, which Com-pofition Money fhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parilh, or by the Perfcn orPerlbns fo compounding, to the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid Truftees in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of May in each and every Year, or ocherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parilh or Place fiiail not be permitted to compound for that Year.

compourid° LVIII. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That krih Tra>cl* *he &id Truftees or any Five or more of them may and are hereby

authorized

1225

48* GEORGII III. Cap.6$.

authorized from Time to Time, as they fhall fee convert rent, to compound or agree by the Year, or other wile, wih any Perl'on or Peifons ufing to travel through the Turnpike or Turnpikes ercdied or to be erected on the fa'id Roads, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Monty in lieu of the Tolls by this Aft dire&ed to be paid for thePaffage of any Cattle or Carriages whatfcever, which they the faid Truftees or any F ve < r more of them Ihill agree upon, which faid Money fhall be inftantlv pnd to the faid Truftees, or any hive or more of them, and fhall be applied in repairing the faid Roads in reipeCt whereof fuch Compofition fhall be made.

LIX. And be it furrher ena&ed, That the faid Truftees or any Five Truthes «rre* or more of them may and they arc hereby empowered from Time to Time canrrattjV to contra# ard agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the making, repair-	the

ing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the faid Roads or any Part or Parts thereof, or for the erecting of any Building to be made, or doing any other Woik to be performed in the Execution of this A#, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into purfuant to anyOrder made at any Meeting by the faid T uftees or any Five or more of them, fhall be binding to all Parties who fhall fign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Admin ftrarors j and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cofts recovered againft the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of fuch Contrails or Agreements.

LX. And be it further enaded. That all Penalties, Forfeitures and p«naltW ani* Fineshereby inflicted or authorized tobefmpofed(if the Manner of levy ing and how'to^re-lec vering thereof is not herein otherwife directed fhall, upon Proof of the covered and"1 Offences re!pe#ively before any One Juftice of the Peace for the refpeou applied* tive Divifion or Place (as the Cafe may be) or any One Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender fhall be and rtfide, either by the Conftfiion of the Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnels or Wjtueftes, be levied by Dittrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant under the Hancl and Seal of fuch. Juftice (which Warrant luch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant for thole Purpofes); and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diibrefk and Sale, are recovered and deducted, fhall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of fuch-Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties',

Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid and reeovered (if not otherwife directed to be applied by this Ad) fhall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Trcafurers of the faid Truftees, and applied in the Repairs of the faid Roads; and in cafe fufficient Diftrels fhall not be round, or fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines fhall not be forthwith paid, it (haft be lawful for any Onejuftice of the Peace as aforefaid, and he is here-bv authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Sea), to caufe fuchOffender orOffenders tobe committed tothe-Common GgtJoriioufe cf Correction of the County orPlace, the e o remain, without Bail or M-inprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months', unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all rcaiouableCharge?,

IbaJI be iooner. paid and fatisfkd,

LXI. And he it further ena&ed. That if any High Conftabte, P#ty ConiUbW.&c. Conftablr, Headborough, Tvthing Man, or other Perfon whatfoever duly oi^rTof of author zed fv that Pm pole, fhall wiltuliv, knowingly, or contemptuoufly TiuSe* ll? [Loc.\S Per.]	14	H—/	jiegk#

1226

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

negV£t or refufe to obey and execute any Summons or other Precept in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more ol the faidTruftces for putting this Ad in Execution, every fuch High Con-ftable, Petty Con liable* Headborough, Ty thing Man, or other Perfon fo authorized, offending in the Premiles,Oral] for each or every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum notekceed:ng Forty Shillings, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Paid Truftees, or to their Trea u er or Treafurers, to be applied for and towards the amending and repairing the Roads in this Aft mentioned, to be levied on fuch Per-fon or Periods in the fame Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are Truftees may in and by this Aft direfted to be levied ; and the laid Truff esor any Five ffie»d Cun' 0r more ^hem’inay and are hereby empowered to direft the Trcafurer 1	*	for the Time being to reimburse fuchConftable or other Officer or Officers

for his or their Lofs of Time, Trouble, or other neceffary Expencts in the due Execution of his or their Duty in purluance of this Aft, fuch Sum or Sums qf Money as fuch Tiuftees (hall think fit, out of fuch ^Tolls or Duties as fhall be collected by virtue of this Aft.

LX1I. And for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviftion of Offenders againft this Aft, be it further tnafted. That all and every the Juftice or Julti esof the Peace btdore whom any Perfon or Perfons lliall be con-vifted of any Offence againft this Aft fiiall and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words (as the Cafe lhall happen) or in any Form of Words to the fame Effeft:

the	P	ay	of

in the	Year	of	His	Majefty’s Reign, A. B. is

wuaviuiiyn. < convj£eci before	of	His	Majefty’s

* Juftices of thev Peace for the-County of	\_fpecfylng the

« Offence, ‘time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as t the Cafe fhall be~\. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year ( aforelaid.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any IJpcaVr^thc Perfon lhall think himl'eif or herfelf aggrieved by any Tmng done Quarter Scf- jn. purfuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of lions.	Relief hath been already appointed, fuch Perfon may appeal to

the Juftices cf the Peace at the General Quarter Selfions of the Peace to be held for the Divifion or Place wherein the Caufe of Complaint lhall arife, and within Three Calendar Months after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving or Notice of caufing to be given Ten Days Notice at leaft in Writing of his or their t0bS ^ntem‘on to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof to the Clerk or n* Trealurer to the laid Truftees, and within Three Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace with Two Jiifficiaic Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide by the Order of, and pay fuch Colls as lhall be awarded by the faid Juftices at fuch QumerSellions ; ami the laid Juftices at fuch Selfions, upon due Proof ift luch Notice being, giyen as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Re-gnizar.ee, lhall hear and finally determine the Caufe and Matters of fuch Appeal in a fummary , Way, and may award fuch Colls to the Parties appealing or aprrai :d again! as they the laid Juftices fhall think proper ; and the Le^raim tion or luch Quarter Selfions lhall be final, binding, and cofidulive, to ail Intents and Purpofes.

LXIV. And

-4.8° GEORGII III. Cap.65.	1227

LlClV. And be it further enacted, Th.1t ho Order made touching br Pro&MirfgS concerning any of the Matters in this Ad contained, or any Proceedings q°Xedfor to he had touching the Convidion or Convictions of any Offender or ‘ want ot Foraf* OffVndeis againft: this Ad, fliall be quaffed for want of Form, or be &c° removed cr removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs wha«foever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjlery and that where any Diftrefs fliall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by this Ad, the Diftrefs itfelf fliall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Pa-ty or Parties making the fame be deemed aTrefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of anyDefed or Want of Form in the Summons,

Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto ; her fliall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which lhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfadion for the fpecial Damage (if any) in an Adion upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ihall recover in any Adion for fuch Irregularity as aforefaid, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party diftraining before fuch Adion brought.

LXV. And be it further enaded. That all Orders and Proceedings of Proceeding^ the laid Truftees, at their fcveral Meetings, fliall be entered in a Book ;n Books, or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered and figned by a competent Number of the Truftees (as the Cafe (hall require) or by their Clerk by their Order, fhall be deemed to be Originals, and which faid Book or Books and alfo the Book or Books to be kept for regiftering the aforefaid Mortgages, fhall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

LXVI. And be it further enadted, That no Adtion or Suit fhall be Limitation of commenced or brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done AeUon8* in puifuance of this Act until after Seven Days Notice fliall be .given to the Clerk or Treafurer to the faid Truftees, nor after a fufficient Satisfadlion, cr Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed; ar.d eveiy fuch Action cr Suit fhall be laid, brought and tried in the County or Place where the Caufe of Adtion Ihall arile, and not ellewhere; and the D fendant or Defendants in every fuch Adtion or Suit may, at General Ifluei his or thr;r Eiedtion, plead fpecially or the General IiTue, and give this Act and the Ipecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was dene in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act, and i.’ffie lame fhall appear to be lo done, or that fuch Adtion or Suit was brought before Seven Days Notice thereof (hall be given as aforefaid, or afftr fufficient S.ti Ldtion made or tendered as aforefaid, or ihall be brought after ti e Time limited for bringing the fime as aforefaid or in any other County than as aforefaid, then the Jury ihali find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be rionfuited, or difeoritinue his, her, or their Adtion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants Ihall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement Ihall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants ftnll recover Treble Cofts, and Ihall have fuch Remedy for Recovery of the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Cofts in any ocher Cafes of Law.

LXVII. And

il2&

Public Act.

Term and Continuance.

48°GEORGII III. Cap.65.

LXVII. And be it further enacted. That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and othets, without bei/ig fpeciaJly pleaded.

LXVII1. And be it further enacted. That this Act (ball commence and t-ke place on the laid Second Monday next after the piling thereof, and (hall be in Force and hate Continuance for ard during the Tcm of Twency-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majelly. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****** ********* Jt**************************************

Cap.66.

An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Pafiage at Shalldon, and from the faid Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon.	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS an A<5t was pa (Ted in the Firth Year of His prefent

Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Aft for repairing and widening 5 G. 3. < the Roads leading from Keyberry Bridge to the Pajfage at Shalldon, and from the faid Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County cf Devon: And whereas an Ad: was pafTed in the Twenty-feventh Year of Hi1- faid Majefty’s Reign, intiruled, An Aft to enlarge the Terms n g. $ and Powers of the faid Aft faffed in the Fifth Tear of His prefent Majefty* s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Paffage at Shalldon, and from the jaid Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon . And whereas the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the laid Ads have proceedrd to carry the fame into execution, and have for that Purpnfe borrowed feveral confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls theieby refpettively granted, which Monies are ftill due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Roads be tffedually amended, widened, improv’d, and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term granted by the faid A&s is lurcher continued, and fome \Loc. Ss* iV.]	14^	v	of

1*3+	48' GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

of the Powers and Provifions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged : And whereas the Roads leading from Keyberry Bridge aforefaid acrofa Wilber Down, being Parts of the laid Turnpike Road, arc very hilly and capable of confiderable Improvement, as well as the Road leading from Vor-Crofs to Torquay, in the Parifh of T’ormoham, and for that Purpofe ic is neceffary that fuch Roads, as well as f me other Parts of the Road belonging to the faid Turnpike, Ihould be widened, diverted, and turned, but the fame cannot effectually be done wuhout the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pi* ale Your M j< fty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Loids Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament aff.mbied, «.nd by the A6is Further -Authority of the fame. That the faid Ads and all and every the Powers continued. and Authorities, Provifoes, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Ciaufes, Matters, and Things whatfoever therein rtfpedively contained (except fuch as are hereby varied, alcered, or repealed, and except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Dudes) (hall be and continue in full Force and Effed for and curing the Term hcrein-aftcr mentioned, and that all the Ciaufes, Puwers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein (except as aforef i ) and in this Aft contained, (hall immediately on the puffing of <his Ad extend to and be executed as well for the Intents and Purpofes of the faid recited Ads as for making, amending, widening, turning, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the laid diverted, widen d, new and additional Roads he ein-betore mentioned and delcrit-ed, and other the Purpt. les or this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes *s if the faid Additional or new Roads had been originally included in and made P rc of the Roads compriled in the laid rec ted Ads, and as if the lame Ciaufes, Powers, Pr vifions. Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enaded in the B dy of this Ad, and that all tue Tolls granted by the faid recited Ads fhal), after defraying the Exprnces of collecting the fame and r< pairing the Toll-ho> f s and Gates upon the la id Roaus, be and are hereby declared to be fubjed and liable in the Fr.lt Place to the Payment of all Expences of obtaining and palling this Ad, and in tiie next Place to the Payment of all Sums of Mu ey and the I. tereft thereof now due and owing by virtue or on theCrec.it of the laid rcci.ee! Ads or either of them, or of the Tolls thereby granted, and from and after the difeharging and fatisfying the fame, for defraying the Exp. nces of widening and diverting the faid Roads and making the laid new Roads herein-before mentioned, and purchafing the Lands and Grounds which (hall be neceffary for widening, diverting, and making the lame refpedively.

.	II. And be it further enaded. That the faid Road fhall from and

Exttntolrthe after the paffing of this Ad extend to the South Edit or Gable End of Road*. a certain Dwelling Houfe, belonging to Mary Bickford at Torquay aforefaid, lately purchafed by her of Nicholas Hanna/ord, inftead of the Pier or Harbour of Torquay aforefaid, and that the Road from the laid Houle home to the faid Pier or Harbour (hall no longer be fubjed to and not form a Part of the faid Turnpike, and that from ar.d after the paffing of this Ad, the faid Turnpike Road fhall extend only to the Rivulet or

Stream

I23S

4-8° G E O R G11 III. Gap. 66.

Stream of Water at Ringmore, in the Parifli of Saint Nicholas, infteid of the PafTage at Shall den, and that the Road from the faid Rivulet or Stream of Water home to the faid PafTage at Shalldon, fliall no longer be fubjeCt to and form a Part of the laid 1 u npike.

III.	And be it further enafled, That Sir Henry Carew and Sir John Trufteesc Louis Baronets, Walter Palk, Walter Palk Carew, Thomas Caret*), George

Cary, John Cary, Latvrer.cc Vaughan Palk Henry Lyne Ttripler Robert Hilton Angwtn, John Rowe Bennett, William Brown, Thomas Langford Brown, Thomas Abraham, Robert Palk, and Tho as Ley, inquires,

Robert Bradford, George Baker, Roger Mallock, William Kitjon, Robert Pa k Welland, Edward Addicolt Kitfon, John Lo.n> Kitfon, Thomas Wbid-lorne, Aaron Neck, and Walter Kitfon the younger, Cl rks, Roger Mallock th: younger, Thomas Kitfon the younger, John Moyfey Bartlett,

Richard Milford Tozer, Nicholas Baker, Jo on Ley, George Whtdborne, Robert Waring Langworthy, Henry Manning the younger, George Manning,

William Rowe Mark Bait, John Adams Bartlett, James Pelcquin Cojferac,

Elias Bl.ickailer the younger, Thomas Luckem Rowe, Thomas Rowe, William Bickford, John Cowell, William Mich el more, Thomas Stabb, John Collins, William Rowe, William Cartwright,	Woodley the younger, T&;-

77/«« Coda,or, John Sowden, John Mudge the younger, William Bartlett,

John Perriman, Edward Aaams, Nicholas Mudge the younger, William BickJ rd Bo'-ttett, and Jam s Bartlett, (hall be and they are hereby added to a no joined with the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited A£h or cither of them; and the Truftees herein norrinaed and the laid Truftres heretofore appointed as af relaid and their Succtfiors, being qualified according to the Directions of the faid ft ft-recitcd ACt, are hereby authorized and empowered to add in the Execution thereof and of this ACt, as fully and effeCtuallv to all In enrs and Purpofes as if the? had been appointed by the laid recited A<51$ or cither of them.

IV, And be it further enaded. That from and after the Ninth Day of Repealing November ntx: after the palling of this AO, the feveral T Is gran ed by l^'ranfag the 1-id recited Acts or either of them (hail be and the lame are hereby others, declared to be repealed, and that fuch Sums of Money as the laid Truftees (hall from Time to Time appoint not exceeding the following

Tolls, (hall be demanded, received, and taken in lieu of the Tolls and Sums of Money granted and made payable by the faid recited Adds or either of them, before any Carriage or Cattle whatfoever (hall be permitted to pafs through any Gate or Turnpike ereCted or to be erected or continued by virtue of the faid Aids or either of them or of this Aid,

(that is to fay,)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaife Marine, Tolls.

Car, Calafh, Chair, Caravan, Hcarfc or Litter, (except Waggons,

Carts, Tumbrils or Drays) drawn by Six or more Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

And dra n by Four or more Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, not exceeding he Sum of Or.e Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, not exceeding the Sum of Nine-pence:

And

4

1236

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

And drawn by One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage ufing Wheels with Fellies Nine Inches Droad at the lead, and drawn bv Eight or more Horfes or other Beads of Draught, not exceeding the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage drawn by Five, Six, or Seven Horfes or other Beads or Draught, not exceeding the Sum of Three Shillings :

For the fame drawn by Three or Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught, not exceeding the Sum oi Two Snillings:

For the fame drawn by Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling :

For the fame drawn by One Hone or other Bead of Draughr, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence :

For every fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage ufing Wheels with Fellies lefs than Sx Inches broad, not exceeding One Half of the feveral Tolls herein-before mentioned, in Addition to fuch Tolls:

For every H rfe, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or other B ad of Burthen, laden or unladen and notdrawng, tire Sum of One Penny:

For rvf*rv Drove ot Oxm, Co vs, or Neat Cattle, not exceeding the Sum ot One S .iilina and Thrre-p-nce per Score, and f»# in proportion for any greater or ie's Number:

And fo; e>ery Drove of Calvts. Swine, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, not exceeding the Sum oi Ten-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or Jefs Number.

onSnnaVs!* V. And be it further enabled, That it dial! be lawful for the faid Truf-on on ajs. tee§ at any Meeting to be hoi Jen in purfuance of Notice, to be givon on all the Turnpike Gates ereded or to be ereded or continued by virtue of this Ad, Fourteen Days at lead before fuch Meeting, to authorize the Toll-gatherers or Collectors at each of the laid Gates on each and eveiy Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Nighr, in each and every Year for and during fo long Time as the faid Troft.es (hall « rder and dited at fu;h Meeting but no longer) or otheiwife to demand and take at each of fuch Gates Double the Tolls which fhall for the Time being be ordered and authorized by ihe faid Truftees to be colleded at the fame Gate on any other Day under and by virtue of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, or either of them, but fo that futh Double Toll (hall not be demanded or received from any Perfon going to or returning from his, her, or their Parifh Chuich, or to or fiom any Church or Chapel or other Place of Religious Worfhip.

Difcharging VI. And be it fu'ther enaded, That from and after the paffing cf iror^hfcare this.Ad the Road from Torcrofs, in the Lid Parifh of Tormoham, towards and Manage- Torabbey, and from t hence to the upper Corner of a Field called Torr tain Road^" Garden, in the fame Pariih, (hall be dikominued and ltfc out of the laid Turnpike, and be no longer fubjed to or be included within the Terms

and

i2 37

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

and Provifions of the Paid recited A£h or either of them, or of this Act, and that from and immediately after the palling of this Ad, the Road from Torcrofs aforefaid acrols Torbill and from thence to the South Eaft or Gable End of the faid Dwellmg-houfe belonging to Mary Bickford afoiefaid, fhall be comprifed within and form a Part of the Roads belonging to the faid Turnpike Roads, anti be lubjeft to all the Powers, Regulations, and Provifions thereof.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suir, or Toil Collect-Litigation fhall arife, touching or in any wife relating to the Tolls granted 0l!n0t in" by the faid recited Acts or either of them, thePerfon or Perfons appointed vvTtndS! to colled the lame, or any other Perfon or Perfons acting by or under the Authority of the laid Truftee , fhall not (by reai'on of his being appointed

to collect the laid Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the faid Trustees) be incompetent to give Evidence in any luch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation.

VIII.	And, forafmuch as divers Parts of the faid Roads are narrow, and power for much lhaded with Hedges, Trees and Bulhes growing in fuch Hedges,

or on the Sides of the laid Roads \ oe ic therefore enacted, That the laid Removal of Truftces (hall and they are hereby required by themlelves, or their Clerk Trees, &c. and Treafurer or Surveyor, to order and direct the Occupiers and Owners Road?s 1 * of the Linds and Grounds adjoining the faid Roads or any Part thereof, to cut down, remove, and carry away from Time to Time after the pairing of this Act, at leaft Once in every Year, ail the Trees, Woods, and Bulhes, Limbs of Trees, and other Growth which fhall grow or be within the Diftance ot Fifteen Feet from the Centre of fuch Roads or any Part thereof, and in c.ife fuch Owners or Occupiers fhall negleCt or fail fo to do by the Space of Ten Days afeer any fuch Notice, then the faid Truftee3 are hereby fully authorized and required to order the fame to be done at the Expence of the Perfon fo neglecting or refufing, and to fell and difpofc of fuen Trees and other Wood for defraying the Expences of fuch Removal.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Truflees fhall and may at Power to let any Time or Times (on Ten Days Notice in Writing figned by any Five tllcTol!i,>&c* or more of them, or by their Clerk and Treafurer for the Time being,

and afhxed on ail the Turnpike Gates ereCted on the faid Roads) leafe or let to farm by the Year or other wife for any Term not exceeding Three Years, all or any of the faid Toils, and all or any of the Turnpike and Toll-houfes for collecting the fame, to any Perfon or Perfons for the largeft Sum that fhall be offered or bid therefore, or for any larger Sum ’•which they may (if they fhall not be fattsfied with the higheft Sum fo offered or bid) offer the fame for to the higheft Bidder, and fo in Succef-fion to the other Bidders and other Perfons prefent, until fome Perfon or Perfons (hall accept thereof at the fame or lome fucceeding Meeting as is ulual and cuftomarv in other Cales of Sales or letting of Eftates in rhe Neighbourhood, taking fuch Security as to them fhall fetim Sufficient for the Payment thereof; and that fuch Leafes, Agreements, or Contracts fhall be in Writing and be ftgned by the faid Truftces or by their Clerk * [Loc, & Per*"]	£*14	L	or

1238	GEORGII	III. Cap. 66,

or Treafurcr for the Time being, for and on their Account, and by the Leffee or Leffees, who in Default of Payment of the Rent or Money therein referved or agreed to be paid, {hall or may be proceeded againft for the Recovery thereof in Manner bv the faid F'irft recited Ad direded for proceeding againft Colledors and Receivers of Tolls receiving Money and not paying the fame, as is thereby required, and in cafe any Default lhall be made, that then it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees (if they fhall think fit) to declare fuch Leafe or Agreement void, and it is hereby declared that the fame {hall thereupon be void accordingly to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever (fave and except only with regard to the Recovery of the Arrears then remaining due on fuch Leafes or Contracts), and that for fuch Purpofe only the fame fhall remain and continue in force until Payment and Difcharge thereof, and all Cofts and Charges relating to the Recovery thereof.

Actions to be X. And be it further enaded, That the Signature of every fuch Leafe, the flameof Contrad, or Agreement in Manner before ftated, fhall be fufficient and th: Cieik or effedual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and that all Proceedings in Preaiurei, Law and Equity for Recovery of the Tolls, Penalties, or other Sums of Money which fhall become payable by virtue of this Ad or of the faid former Ads, or either of them, or for any other Purpofes whatfoever, fhall and may be commenced, fued, prolecuted, and defended in the Names of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being, and that no fuch Adion or Suit fhall abate or be diftontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Clerk or Treafurer, or by his or their Ad or Ads, without the Confent of the laid Truftees, but fuch Clerk or Treafurer for the Time being refpedively fhall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Defendants, in fuch Adion or Suit, as the Cafe fhall be, and be reim-burfed and paid out of the Money to arife by virtue of the faid reciced Ads or either of them or of this Ad, all fuch Cofts, Damages, and Ex-pences as by the Event of fuch Proceedings he or they fhall refpedively fuftain or be charged with, by reafon of his or their being fuch Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Deiendants.

Fixing a	XI.	And	be	it	further	enaded,	That	all	Ads,	Matters,	and	Things

u,c°Tiuitees. authorized or required by the faid recited Ads or either of them, or by this Ad, to be done and executed by the faid Truftees in carrying the fame into Execution, fhall and may be done and executed by any Five or more of them prefent at any Meeting, being the Majority of fuch of them as lhall be then prefent, and the fame when lo done fhall be as good, valid, .and effedual, and fhall have the fame Force and Efted, as if fuch Ads, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Five Truftees.

Toil* vetted in XII. And be it farther enaded. That the feveral Tolls by the faid tfaeTruitecs. recitcd Ads or either of them authorized tq be taken fhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the Truftees for carrying the faid recited Ads and this Ad into Execution, and the fame and every Part thereof fhall be colleded, recovered, levied, paid, applied, afiigned, varied, and difpofed *9	of

1239

48° GEORGII III. Cap.66.

of in fuch and the fame Manner, and by fuch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Remedies for Non-payment or Evafion thereof, and with fuch Powers, Provifions, and Reftri&iona as are contained in the faid recited Afts or either of them, with refpeft to the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, but fubjefl neverthelefs to this Aft and the Provifions and Regulations herein contained.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall haul or caufe Frnxlty on to be hauled or drawn upon any Part or Parts of the faid Roads any Tree

or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or Stones, or other dead Goods what- ic. ontheiaM foever, otherwifc than upon Wheel Carriages, or (hall fuffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which (hall be conveyed by any upon watt! Carriage to drag upon any Part of the faid Roads to the Prejudice thereuf, Carr'as<'-every fuch Perfon (hail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the fame Manner as herein-afcer mentioned.

XIV.	And whereas the Exemptions from the Payment of Toll by the Repealing faid recited Ads granted or either of them have been found prejudicial to rxVmpus:;* the faid Roads; be it therefore enafled. That from and after the palling of and P this Ad the fame (hall be and are hereby declared to be repealed.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Toll (ball be demanded or taken for any Carriages or Cattle employed in carrying of Materials for repairing Highways, or of Implements of Hulbandry, or of Lime, Dung,

Mould, Soil, or Compoft for Manure only (Litne and Limeftone for Sale excepted) Culm ufed for burning Lime for Manure, or of Hay not fold and not tor Sale, or of Corn in the Straw not fold and not for Sale, or of Wood not fold and not for Sale, nor for Horles or Carriages returning empty after having delivered any fuch Articles, nor for Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pafture, or in order to be (hoed in any of the Parifhes through which the faid Roads or any Part thereof (hall pafs, or carrying any Perfon employed in driving fuch Cattle going or returning for fuch Purpofes; nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Reftor, Vicar, or Curate, or Perfon or Perfons going to or returning from his, her, or their own Parilh Church or other Place of Divine Wor-(hip on Sundays, or on any other Days on which Divine Worlhip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall die or be buried in any Parilh, Townlhip, or Place wherein the faid Roads do or (hall lie, or from any fuch Ref tor. Vicar, or Curate when going to or returning from any other of his or their Parochial Duty; or from any Perfon going to or returning from the Eleftion of Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the County of Devon ■, nor lhall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Carriages of whatfoever Defcription employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprefies, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poll Matter General, or in returning back therefrom; nor for the Horfes of any Soldiers palling who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Carts, Carriages, or Waggons attending them, or laden with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furniihed by or for

any

12 4-0

Jntereft of the Money b;4'. ros.

Clerk to ad jour..'Meet

Statute

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 66.

■any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place of Exerci^, Inlpe£tion, or Review, provided that fuch Perlon rs in the Uniform of his Corp', and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations appointed for luch Corps at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption ; or tor Horfes, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants fcnc by legal Paflls^ or from Perfons palling to or from one Part to another of the Lands belonging to or occupied by h;m or them in any of the Parilhes wherein the faid Roads lie, nor for his or their Horfes, Servants, Carriages, or Cattle ufed or employed in the fame Way j and if any, Perfon lhall claim and take the Benefit o'f any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in all Cafes the Proof of Exemption lhall lie upon the Perfon claiming the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Truftees lhall and

to may at any Time nr Times hereafter, at the Requcft of the Creditors of the faid Turnpike, or the IVLjor Part of them-in Value, at any Meeting to be held in purluance of (his Ad, Twenty D.ys public No;ice for that Purpofe being affixed on the faid Turnpike Gates, order the Intereft of the .Money already due on die Credit of the Tolls gran:ed by the faid recited Acts or either of them, ro be raifed and advanced to any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum it they lhall think tic fo to do.

!- XVII. And be it further enadted, That the faid Truftees or any

' Fi\e or more of them, or their Clerk arid Treafuier, in Default of the Attendance df a (ufficient Number of Truftees, lhall and may from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to appoinc or adjourn any Meeting or Meetings of the Lid Truftees to be holden •at Sbaildon or Torquay as well as Newton Abbotty any Thing in the faid recited Ads or cither of them contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XVIII. And be it further enaded. That all Perfons who by Law are or lhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or lhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the laid Roads or any Part thereof, fhall ftVIl remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it lhall be lawful for any Two of more Jultices of the Peace for the faid County and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made co them by the faid Yrultees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion offhe Statute Work lhall every Year he done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of lire refpedive Parifhes or Places in .which the fame do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received hy the Surveyoror Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as aGompofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, hr them paid to the faid Truftees, or to their Treafurer or Trea-

furers,j

1241

4S*GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

filters; and in ordrr thereunto it fhall be lawful fjn fuch Juflices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lilts before fuch Juftices at iome Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Per to ns who within fuch Parifii or Place are by Law fubjed and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or co the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or ctherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid, which L;lt of Names lhall be made in fuch Manner, and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effed for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of fuch Lills the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforelaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Woik as aforefaid upon the faid Roads as the faid Juftices lhall think tealonable, and the lame fhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Hay-time or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Juftice^, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall from Time to Time order, dired, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and dired the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Scatute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices lhall thir.k proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as the laid Juftices fhall dired, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fnall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale cf the Goods and Chattels of the relpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid Ads authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who lhall negled or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Wriring given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beaft or Beaft.% to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Peifons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effed for Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draughc to work on the faid Roads, fhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perfon who fhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjed and liable to the relpedive Forfeitures and Payments as aforefaid as if he had regleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures lhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Roads, and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the High-[Lcc, Per.]	14 M	ways

1242

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 66.

ways for any of the Lid Paufhes or Places fhall refufe or wilfully negle# to give in fuch Lifts as afore faid, or Hull knowingly and wilfully give in Life and imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

c!m!«nutiun XIX. And be lC further enabled, That if any Money fhall be paid, or it amounting agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, toiooi.	or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of

the lard recited Arfls or this Acl for the Purpofcs thereof, which fhall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Ad niuiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cefluique Trull, or to any Perfon whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in rtr:& or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Dilability or Incapacity wharfoever, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pane the Truftees for executing the faid A£ls and this A£t, to the Intern that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Dire&ion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perlons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Dilcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid affc&ing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Land.;, Tenements, or Hereditaments ftanding fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and verted, under the like Diredion and Approbation cf the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lends, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intercfts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid flood fettled or limited, or luch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be cxifting undetermined, and capable of taking effe&j and in the mean Time, and until luch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall by Order of the faid Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court co be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confoiidaied or Reduced Bank Annuities, fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the Lid Court, to the Perfon or Perfon3 who would for the Time being have been entitled to the

Rents

1243

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Rents and Profits of the Lid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of t' e laid recited Adis and this Aft, in cafe luch Purchalc or Settlement were made.

XX.	Provided always, and be it furcher enaded, That if any Money fo Application of agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- ^ctnh^loa nients, pu chafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes afuref.iid, ami belong- ,0ol. ami ex-ing to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability ceeding »ol-or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred

Pounds* and (hall exceed or be equal to the Sum cf Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Pci ions for the Time bring entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or uled, or cf his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commictees, in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-Ipcdivc Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General or the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hercin-before directed, or othei wife the fame fh.dl be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truflees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons m king fuch Option, and approved of by Five cf the Truftecs for executing the faid recited Ads and this Ad (<uch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the PLnds of the nominating and approving Par ies) in order that fuch P incipal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dircdion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXI.	Provided a!fo, and be it further enaded. That where fuch Money Application fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, fhall be lefs whers the than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied ^anxoh ^ to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have

been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftecs fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and Lr the Ufe and Benefit of luch Perfon or Peifons fo entitled rtfpediveiy.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Per- Incite ofnot Tons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the ”ftiJIJfout Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed

by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfadion of the faid Truftees, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then and itv every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to *	drder

1244*

4-Ba G E 0 RGII 111.	6o.

clrder the faid Sum or Sums of Monty, fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paul into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to h,s Account to the Credit of the Parties interest'd in the faid Lands. Tenements or Hereditaments £deferibing tbm] fubjr&to the Order, Controul, and Difpolition of the iaid Court of Chancery; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfor.s making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the faid Court fhail feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diflribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpective Eftate or Eftates, Title or Interert of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim therein.to, and to make fuch other Order in the Premires as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cartiier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhail pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

“Where any XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where any Retouching Qtlc^l°n fhaU arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money Money to be to be paid into the Bank of England in the Nime and with the Privity rSnPoflff* £^e Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purluance of fion mail be this Aft, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, entitled. ox 0f any Ertate, Right, or Interert in ary Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Acts and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Interert of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhail have been in Poffeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of fuih Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhail be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary fhail be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the laid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhail be jpaid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhail be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Poffeffion was a wrongful Politffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was cr were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Interert therein.

The Court cf XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where by r.^rVeaf ”ay rea,on	any Hifabilicy cr Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or

able Exutnces Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to wbep-i^r be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Ads and this

1245

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 66,

Aft, the Purchafe Money of the fame (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of the fa id recited Afts and this A:t, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the laid Afts and this Aft, or l'o much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the laid Truftees out of the Monies to be received by virtue ot the faid Afts and this Aft, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court lhall direft.

XXV.	And be it further enafted,That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Finer, Recovery and

hereby or by the faid recited Afts or either of them infl.fted, or autho-	on

rized to be impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not '3	*’

herein or thereby otherwife direfted) lhall upon Proof of the Offence refpeftively before any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place

wherein the fame lhall be committed, or wherein the Offenders lhall be or refide, either by the Confeffion of the Party offending or by the Oath of one or mere credible Witnefs or Witneffes, be levied by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warranc under the Hand and Seal of luch Juftice, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant, and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are deducted, lhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the Money arifing by fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, if not otherwife direfted to be applied by the faid recited Afts or either of them, or of this Aft, lhall from Time to Time be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truftees and applied for the Purpofes of the laid Roads; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs lhall not be found, and fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines lhall not be forthwith paid, it lhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace, 2nd he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufcfuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reafonable Charge^ lhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all the Cofts, Charges, and For paying Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing of this $etl^^"tcc‘ Aft, lhall be paid and difeharged by the faid Truftees for carrying the ls faid recited Afts and this Aft into Execution, out of any Money which

hath arifen by virtue of the faid recited Afts, or out of the fiift Money which lhall arife by virtue thereof and of this Aft, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft lhall be deemed and Pub,iCAct. taken to be a Public Aft, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

[Aw. fcf PerJ]	14	N

XXVin. And

9

1246

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 66.

T 'hu of the	XXVIII. And be it further enabled. That the Term granted and cor.

A^*	tinued	by	the	faid	recited	Ads or either of them, (hall upon the pafling

hereof ceafe and determine, and that the faid recited Adc, iubjed to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained, and alio this Ad, (hall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scfiion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG1I ffl. REGIS.

/

Cap- 67.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two feveral Afts of His late and' prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Sbrewfbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chefler, and leveral other Roads therein mentioned, fo far as refpefts The Chefter DifriEt of the faid Roads.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Aft was p2ffed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majelty King George the Second, intituled. An Adi for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewfbury through Ellefmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the Coun.y ^Denbigh : And v,htreas a certain other Aft was paffed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituTd. An Adi for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the fatdfirjl mentioned Aft, and for repairing and widening the Road from Wrexham to Chefter, and from thence to Peafordd y Waen, in the Parifb' of WhitfOrd, and alfa the Road from Broughton to M Ui, in the C unty of Flint; and it wa3 thereby enafted, that the Roads in the laid laft-inenriuned Aft comprized fhould be divided into feveral Diftnfts or Divifions, and that the feveral Roads herein deferibed (hould be called Ellefmere Difhidl or Divifion of the faid Roads; and that the Road lrom Wr.xbam th;ough Pulford, and a Lane c A ltd Wrexham Lane to Dee Bridge in the City of1 Chefter, and from the North End of the faid Lane called Wrexham Lane, [fLcc. & Per.'}	14	0	within

*5 G a*

29 G. i.

1250

»«G-3.c

48° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 67,

within the Liberties of the faid C;ty, over Saltney Marjb, through Bretton 11 the Town of Ncrlbop, fhould be called The Chef ter Dftrift or Divifion of the laid Roads;. and that certain ether Roads therein al'o delcribed fhould be refpedively called The Flint and Mold Dftrifts or Divifions of the laid Roads: And whereas an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Aft p ffed in the Twenty-ninth Tear r.f the Reign cf King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewfbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chefter, and alfofrom Brough con to Mold, in the County cf Flint, and fiveral other Roads therein mentioned ; and for making and repairing a Roadfrom the j,'aid Wrexham end Chefter Road to the Wrexham 47i</Ruthin Road in thefaid County of Denbigh, which Road when made, and the feveral Branches therefrom, it was enabled, fhould be deemed and taken to be Part of The Chejler Tift rift or Divifion of the Roads in Reciting that the faid A d comprized: And whereas the Truftees appointed by the ernic Chtf feveral before-mentioned Ads for amending, widening,, and keeping in ter D i’ridt. Repair The Ghfter Diflrift of the Roads therein comprized, nave proceeded reedelTi?* t0 Put ^arne Ads i'lt0 Execution fo far as refpeds the fame Diftrid, Execution of and have borrowed confiderable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the re*-cT,Sl Tolls arifing upon the fame Diftrid which fbil remain due*, and by reafon re.uc * cts.	great Length of the Road within the lame Diftrid, and the Expence

of procuring Materials proper for the Repair thereof, and ether Circum-ilances, the faid feveral Sums and the Interefl thereof cannot be paid off, nor can the faid Diftrid cf Roads be effedually amended, improved and kept in Repair, unlefs the Teim granted by the faid feveral Acts be further continued, and fomeof thePower.iandProvilions therein contained be altered and enlarged fo far as refpeds the faid Chejler Diflrift of the faid Roads, and unlefs the Tolls granted by the faid Ad within the faid Chejler Diflrift-■- of the faid Roads beincreafed: And whereas ic is expedient that The Chejler Diflrift of the Roads comprized in the laid feveral Ads fhould be leparaced from the other Diffrid.s of the fame Roads: But the feveral Purpofcs aforefaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament * may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Former Acts prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the fmther cooti- faid recited Ads, pafled in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his reiafe’s ro^The ^ate Majefty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-eighth Year of chefter Dif- His prelent Majefty’s Reign, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, tl,ct*	Privileges,	Provifions, and Claufes therein contained, fo far as the fame

relate to The Chejler Diflrift of the faid Roads (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except fuch as are hereinafter varied or repealed) fubjed to the Provifions, Alterations and Amendments herein-after contained, lhall be and continue in full Force for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner and as effedually, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if the faid levcral recited Ads of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, and of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefent Ad; and that this Ad and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, fhall be and are hereby made fubjed and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing within the faid Chefter Diflrift of the faid 6	Roads

c^.y

SKili

1251

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Roads upon the Credit or on Account of the faid fcveral recited Acts or either of them, and that fball behcieai'tcr borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, together with the Lite red thereupon due and to become due refpeftively.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the Mayor and Aldermen of the AjfdHonai City of Cb'ftr.r for the Time being, the Dean and Prebendaries of the The cheUer Cathedral Church of C'brift and the Blefjed Virgin Mary in Cbejier for the District. Time being, Samuel Alderfey, Edward Atherton, William Atherton, the Honourable Richard Grofvenor commonly called Vifcount Belgrave, Sir Richard Brooke Barone:, Thomas Brooke, Henry Brooke, Charles Treiawney Rrereton,	B treton„ John Buck'ey, George Bowen the younger,

Roger Barnfion the younger* John BoydtlL Richard Barker, Francis Edge Barker, James Bern elt, Samuel Benne t, John Delves Broughton, Samuel Brcaahurjt, Sam tit I Brittain of Upton, Thomas Bradford, Thomas Brown,

Stapleton Cotton, Ly?ich Cotton, Lyn h Cotton, the Honourable John Crewe,

Charles Cbolmonde.ey, Robert Foulkes Currie Doctor of Phyfic, William Currie the younger, Philip Davies Cocke, Ellis Cur life, John Colgreave,

Samuel Cooper, Charles Cottingham, Edward Davenport, Walter Davenpo't, ycZw Drake, John Eger ton, Charles Eger ton, Thomas Eger ton, Richard Edwards, Richard Edwards of Wrexham, Gwen Ellis of Eyton, William Edwards Banker, Kenrtck Eyton of Eyton, JohnEdgworth, ThomasEdgworth,

Thomas Edwards, Philip Fletcher, Thomas Fletcher,	Fletcher, Lloyd Flet-

cher,Leonard Fcfrooke, Thomas Fofbrooke, Thomas Fiuitt the younger,

Fielden, Robert hidden, John Bajkervyle Glegg, John Bafkervyle Glegg of Nefton, Harry Grey, the Honourable Thomas Grofvenor, the Honourable Robert Grofvenor, John Goulborne, Thomas Griffiths of Holt-dreer, Thomas Hamer, Walden Har.mer, John Hignett, Philip Humberjlon, Henry Hejkelb the younger, Peter Heron,	Stewart Hughes, William Haygarth, John

Haygartb the younger, Hugh Robert Hughes, John Sorton Hughes, Thomas Hughes,	77/7/	or	Chedcr,	Samuel Plumphreys, William Hancock, Townf-

end Ince, Bell Ince, William Foffey Jenkins, David Francis Jones the younger,

Edward Jcnes cf Wepre, Arthur Jones, Valentine Jones, Thomas Jones of „ Btrfharr, Roger JackJon the younger, George Jackfon, the Honourable Thomas Kenyon, George Kenyon, James Kelfall, James Kirk, George Kirk,

Edward Lloyd Lloyd of Pen y Llan, Kenrick Lloyd, Llewellyn Lloyd, Samuel Leach ot Broughton, John Larden Doctor of Pnyfic, Eger ton Leigh the: younger, John Lyon, Jofcph Lyon, William Lloyd, Richard Lloyd the younger,

Stanley Mafey, Chailes Stanley Maffey, James Stanley Mo fey, Henry Stanley Mafey, the Honourable Edward i\lafy, S.r Thomas Mofiyn Baronet,	Moulforty George Moulfon, Jams Matnwaring the younger, Thomas.

Spwjtow Moulfon, Charles Morrall the younger, Hugh Maxwell, John Matthews, William Newell, Wil iam Nicholls, John Oliver, G orge Or red,

James Okell, Peter Patten, Francis /• ichard Price, Wdliam Prefcott, Richard Pulejlon, Henry Potts, John Pryce, Charles P yfer, Philp Pany, Charles Potts the younger, Richard Gerrard Perryn, Domvide Poole, Wdliam Richards,

Griffith Rowlands, John Swarbrick Rogers, Wiliam Rigby, John Rigby, yo7;s Rowland, Edward Rowland the younger. Sir Thomas Stanley M> fey Stanley Baronet,Sir JobnThomas Stanley VsMQixt.,Thom sSteverfinJVilhamSkelkorne,

Wiliam Lewis Salufrury Treiawney, Hamlin Trelawmy, Edward Verables Town fend, John T roughton, William Makepeace Thackr y D ctur of LJ hylic,

Richard Twifs, Edward Vernon the younger, Wdliam Henry Worthington,

JoJhua Walker, William Wynn of Pickhill, Gea.rge Wubrabam the younger,

,,.4	>	Edward

1252

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Edward Or,-,money Wrench the younger, Ti-owas Ward, Robert W'lUnmt, Richard Willett, Gwyllym Saint John Wardle, Edward Lloyd Gwyllym Wardie; William Lloyd Gwyllym War die,	Lloyd Gwyllym War die,	Edwin Win-

die, Alfred Wardle, Timothy Whitby, Edward Wynne, Thomas Watkin Toudc> Edward Toude, Efquires, George Bonner, William Cotton, James Cotton, Charles Crewe, William Wickham Drake, Thomas Davies, Philip Eger ton, Rowland Eger ton, Thomas Edwards, Rowland Hill, Peter Leigh, Richard Majfte, Charles Mytton, Richard Perryn, Mafcie Taylor, James Tomkinfon the younger, Robert Twifs, Maurice Wynne Do&or of Laws, Peploe William Ward, and	Clerks,	and	their	Succeffors,	to	be	hereafter

elected and chofen under the Direction and in the Manner appoinred by the faid Ad of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, (hall, from and after the palling of this prefenc Ad, be added to and joined wirh the Truftees appointed orelettcd by or in puifuance cf the faid former Ad or Ads, or either of them ; and the faid Truftees hereby appointed, and their Succeffors, together with the Truftees appointed or eleded by or in purfuance of the faid former Ad or Ads, are hereby conftituted and appointed Truftees for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the feveral Roads comprized within the faid Cbefter Djtrifl or Divifion of the Roads in the faid leveral recited Ads mentioned, and alfo for putting into Execution the Lid feveral recited Ads and this Ad, and the feveral Powers and Authorities therein and herein contained or referred to, fo far as the lame relate to The Cbefter Diftridl of the faid Roads*

Meetings on III. And be it further enaded, That if after any Adjournment of th? £meigenueft feid Truftees, it fhall upon any Emergency be thoughc neeeflary that an earlier Day of Meeting fhouid be appointed than the Day to which rhe laft Meeting of the faid Truftees fhall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by an Order in Writing figned by f ive or more of the faid Truftees, although not affembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner in the faid recited Ad drreded, and of the Time and Place which fhall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (fuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice)-, and all Proceedings of the Truftees at fuch Meeting lhall be as valid as they would have been in-cafethe Truftees had met in purfuance of any Adjournment: Prcvided-always, that no further or other Bufioefs lliall be entered upon or taken into Confideration at any fuch Meeting, fo to be call d upon an Emergency as aforefaid, than luch as lhall have been fignified and particularly kt forth in the Order or Notice for calling fuch Meeting.

Repealing IV. And whereas the feveral Tolls granted by the faid feveral recked *nd'ierint?ne -Ads	Twenty-ninth	Year	of	the	lleign	of His late Majefty King

new ones. George the Second, and the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His pre-fent Majefty, within The Chejler Di/lritl of the faid Roads, are infufficienc for the Purpofe of paying the Annual Intereft of the feveral Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the faid Afts within the lame DiftriQ:, and for repairing, widening and amending the Roads comprized therein; be it therefore further enaded, That all and fingular the faid ltveral Tolls* lliall, from and after the Third Monday next after the palling of this Aft,-ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and thac in lieu thereof the refpeciive Tells following lliall be demanded* taken, colle&ed

and

1251

48* GEORGII III. Cap.by.

and paid at each and every of the fever il and refpeftive Toll Git?*, Toll B&rs a id Turnnjkes, w ich have be, n < r lb ill He pi iced, fet op, md rm ted in or upon The Chejter Dijlr.ft of the faid Roads, or in or upon the Side of Sides thereof, or acro.'s any Lane or Wav leading ou: of the fame under and by virtue of the faid leveral recited Ads and tnis Ad, any or cith r of them*, (that is to fay),

For every Horfe, Marc, Gelding, Mole or other Bead, drawing any Toll*. Coach, Ba ouche, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaife, Corru.1-, Caravan,

Ch«ir, CaLfh, or other fuch Carriage, Hcarle or Litter, the Sum of Six-perCc:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Carr, Wain, Tumbril, or other fuch like Carriage, not laden ■yvith Coal or Cannel only, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, not laden with foal, Cannel or Lime only, and whether laden with other Goods,

Warrs and Merchandizes, or unladen and not drawing, the Sum ofTwo*-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or Neat Cattle (Calves excepted) the Sum or One Shilling ard Three-pence per Score j and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For every Dr.-V'* of Calves, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Scorr ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

F r evciy Dr ve of Hogs or Swine, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score *, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number :

For every Hor’e, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bbaft, drawing any W-.gn, Curt, Wan, Tumbril or other fuch like Carriage, lad. n with Coal or Camel only, and drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead only, the Sum of Five-p nee :

For evciy Hoifr, Marc, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, Tumbril or other fuch like Carriage, laden with Coal or Canr.el only, drawn by more than One Horfe, Mare, Gelding,

Mule or r ther Bead, and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a lefs Breadth ar the Bottom or Sole thereof than Six Inches, the Sum of Three-pcnre Halfpenny :

For every li.rfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, Wain, Tumbril or other fuch like Carriage, laden w ih Co 1 or Cannel only, and drawn by more than One Horfe, Mare,

Gelding, Mule or ocher Bead, and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof < f the Breadth of Six Inches at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Three-rence:

For eveiy H rie, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, laden with Coal, Cannel, Grit, Stone, or Lime only, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny :

Which faid feveral and refpeftive Tolls by this Aft authorized to be TclU verted in taken fhafl be and the fame are herebv refpretively veded in the faid Truf- the TruiUe*. tees for putting the faid feveral recited Afts and this Aft in Execution, and the fame and every Part thereof lhall be coilcfted, recovered, levied, paid, applied, varied, reduced, affigned and difpofed of, in fuch and the lame Manner and by fuch and the lame Wavs and Means, and with fuch Remedies tor fecuring and enf rcing he due Payment thereof, and with fuch Pen Lis for the Non-payment r Ev.<fion oi the fame, and with fuch [Loc. & iV/.]	14	P	Powers,

1254

General

Exemptions.

48s GEORG 11 III. Cap. 67.

Powers^ Provifions, Regulations, and Exemptions as are contained in the faid feverai Ads with refped to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, except fo far as the fame Provifionfc, Regulations, Remedies, Penalties, and Exemptions are by this prefent Ad varied and uttered, and with fuch additional Powers, Provifions, Regulations, and Exemptions as are herein-after contained.

V. And be it further enaded, That none oF the Tolls granted by this, Ad (hall be demanded or taken at any Gate within the Limits of the faid

Cbejler Di/lrift of Roads, for any Horfe, Cattle or Beaft, employed only in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with any Dung, Soil or Compolt of any Kind, or Lime or other Manure to be ufed for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor fliall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages or Horfes, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day any Stones, Brick, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the laid Roads, or any of the Roads in theTownlhips or Parilhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, Parfnips and Carrots not fold or difpofed of but palling to be laid up or placed in the Cuthoufes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggon, "Wain, Cart, Carriage or Horfe employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying 01 conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbandry, or any Thing employed in the .Management of any Farm or Lands; nor for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture or Watering Places, or g- mg to or returning from being fhoed or farried; nor from any Perfoh guing to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Ch.ipel or other Place cf Relic ious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Au h >rity to be celebrated ; or attending the Funeral pf any Ferfon who [ball die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes ; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any Tick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifierial Duty, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor f .r any Herb s. Cattle or Carriages of whatfoever De'cription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprtftes under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmaftcr General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding fuch Mails or Express, or in returning back from conveyrng the fame; nor fur any Horfes, Carrs or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage.; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhtd by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided that luch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpeitive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided by fuch Corps refpedtively, at the Time of claiming fueft Exempiions as aforefaid ; nor for any Horfes, Carts or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fenc by legal PafTes ; nor for any Horfe, Cattle or Beaft drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Calafh, Chair, or Pafiengcr on Horleback going to or returning from any Ele&ion of a •	Knight

4^ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 67.	1255.

Knight or Knights of the Shire to fervein Parliament for the faid County of Chejler, or for the City ofCbejler, or for the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, or the Boroughs of Denbigh and Flint, on the Day or Plays of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after luchEleeiion (hall begin or be concluded; and if any Pcrfon (hall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, /very fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety (hall be applied for the Purpofes of the laid Acts and this Acl.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That as often as any Fur ..pnoint-Colledpr of the faid Tolls, or other Officer, fiiall die, or milbchave him^ jjjjjcjonafty!'* (elf or herfelf, or become incapable of performing his or her Duty, it fhall be lawful for any Five or more of the faid Truftees, though not affcmbled at a public Meeting in puri'uance of this Ad, by any Writing under their Hands to difplace fuch Colledors and other Officers fo mifbehaving or becoming incapable of performing their Duty, and appoint others in their Stead, and alfo in the Stead of fuch of them as fhall fo die; and all fuch Colledors and other Officers fo appointed fhall have the fame Authority to act in the Execution of their reipedive Offices as tbe Perlon or Per-fons whom they (hall fo fucceed was or were veiled with, until the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall, at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Ad, appoint a Colledor or other Officer as aforefaid.

VII And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Liti- electors of gation (had .iriie touching or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls, or the Tolu compe-Rccove v tli r of, the Pcrfon or Pcrions appointed to colled the ftme, or tentyV tacllc** any o htr P.-rion or Fe lons ading by or under the Authority of the laid Truftees, (hull not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute,

Suit, or Li:igJr'on. by rcafon of his, her cr their being appointed to colled fuch lolls, or by rcafon of his, her or their ading under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

VIII.	And be it further ensded, That it Hull be lawful for the faid Truftees may Truftees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, at their compotmd t«r General Annual Meeting to compound, tor any Term not exceeding One '°'s*

Year ac anv one l ime, with any Perf n or Perlons for any Carriages,

Holies, Beaits or Cattle travelling on the faid Road, for all or any of the laid Tolls ro be paid in refped orfuth Carriages, Horfts, Bealls or Cattle, and fuch Comp .fiuon Money fhall be paid in Advance Quarterly or other-

w.fe as the laid Truftees lhaii think fit; and in Default thereof, the Com-pofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Pcrfons making Default fiiall be void, and all Inch Cumpofition Monies fiiall be applied in fuch Manner as the Tolls in refped whereof luch Cumpofition is ordered to be made are direded to be appiicd.

IX.	Provided always, and he it further enaded, That nothing in this Truftees not Ad fhall extend to authorize the faid Truftees or any other Perfon or Per- to take down fons to take down anv Dwelling Houle cr other Building, or to take in JJJ t"keS?#' any Ground which for One Year immediately preceding the palling of any Garden, this Ad was made, planted, or fee apart as a, Yard, Garden, Orchard, *o£lf*?lan

480 GEORGII in. Cap.6?.

Park, Paddock, Planted Walk, or Avenue to a t-Ioufe, without the Confent ot the Owners or Propri-1 rs thereof refpe&ivHy, other than and except a SnVthy and Garden in Mai ford )nthv County ot Denbigh, in the Occupation of Thomas Zachary and John Donnes, or one of them ; another Garden in Marford aforcf.id, in the (Decup tion of Matthew Roberts j another Garden in Marford aforefaid, in the OcCnpati' n of William Roberts^, a Garden in the Townlhin or Burton m the faid County of Denbigh, in the Occupation of Thomas Finchiit: Provided a If >, that if any of the before-mentioned Premifes, or the Parishes or Townships wherein they are fuuate, or the Per Tons in whofe PoffcHion they aie ftated to be, lhail hap-j en to be mifnamed or improperly defer bed, it lhail not prevent or retard the making the rcfpe&ivc Hoads through or over any fuch Piemifes, but the fame may be taken and ufed for the Purpr.fesof this Aft, in fuch and the fame Manner as if the fame was or were more properly named or defetibed.

juftices to X. And be it ena&ed^ That it (ball and mav be lawful to and for Differences	T wo or mo^e Juftices of ihe Peace for the faid County Pjtatine ot ChrHer9

teuching the	or for the faid City of Chejler, or the f-veral Counties « f Denbigh and Flint,

statuteDa:y. ancj ^ey are >jertt)y empowered and required, upon Applcanon made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clcik or Surveyor, by 'heir Older yearly to adjudge anddetermine whaiP.rt or Proportion of the S atuteWork (hail 1 very Year be done upon the faid Roads by tne I habitants of the ref-peftive Parilhes cr Places wrhin the refptcVive J /riCdidions of fuch Juftices in which the faid Roads do lie, and .mo w ut Proportion ot the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway5 of eve y fuch Parilh o: Place, in lieu of or as a Conrpcfidori for fu h Satute Work as aforefiid, lhail be by him, her or them p .id to the laid Truftees or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it lhail anti may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time* to fumrm n the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for eve'y fuch Parilh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, ac fome Place to be eyprdT-d in luch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summon*) of the Names of the fevera! Perfons who within fuch Pirilh or Place are by Law lubjedl and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment o! any Money in lieu of or as a Corrpofttion for luch Statute Woik, diftm-guilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwile, and alfo the Amount of the refpe&ive Sums to be paid*, which Lifts of Names fhall be ma^e in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftridlions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and E(Fe& for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts tire faid Juftices (hall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who lhail opp-ar to be fubje£t and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the laid Juftices lhail think rcafonable, and the fame fha’l be done on fuch Davs and at fuch Times (not being Haytime or Harveftj and in'fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Truftees or iheir Surveyor or Surveyors (hall from Tune to Time order, dirtift, and appoint; and the faid Juftices lhail and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch L ft-, Hull appear to be (ub-jtft and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Comp fi-t on for Srarute Work as aforefaid, to pay luch Proportion thereof as the (aid Juftices lhail think proper, t > the faid i ruheca or their Trcafur,r,

2	at

125?

4-8° GEORG II III. Cap. 67.

at fuch Time or Tin es as they the laid Juftices fhall direct; and in Default ©tPayment ht-rcof, the fame Hull and maybe recovered 4>y Diftrefs and Sale of thecG >ods and CKa ids of the relpedtivc- Perfons li »ble to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the Did ftveral recited A&s authoriz d o. dirc&ed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who ihal! nndeft or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or !ert for him, her, or them, at his, her or their laft or ui'ual Place or Place i of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees, fhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bcaft or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pa ns, Penalties and Forfeitures as l'uch Perfon or Perfons may be iubjeft or liable to by any Daw or Statute in Force and Effcd for the Repair of the public H ghways ; and if any Perfon who (hall come to work as a Labourer, or fhall be fent with any Team or Draught to work on the laid Roads, fhall be found idle < r negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Trufleei, luch Surveyor is f.tiet y cn pow. icd to remove and turn off tile Perfon who fhhll be found idle or negi gent as atorelaid; and in that Cafe every fuch P rfon fhall bd •fubjrct aid liable to the rtfpedive forfeitures and Payments aforefad as if he had rcgltCcd or refuied to come, or Itnh Team or D aught had not been lent to work on any Part of the laid Hoads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid’to the 1 realurer to the laid Truftees, and applied tow.rds the aincncing of the fa:d Ro. ds •, and in cale the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways.tor any of the faid Parches or Places fhall refufe or wdfu’ly negket to give in luch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall kcowinglyob willingly give in faltc u jmperfedl Lifts, every fuch Surveyor f; offending, fhall lor eve y luch Offence forfeit anu p y any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling*.

XT. And be it further enacted. That if any Horfe or Horfes, Ms or I AfieSj, Cattle or Swine, fhall be found wandering or depalluring upon or f on the Sides of any Part of the laid Read, the Owner or Owners of luch Horfe cr -Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall refpeftively forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be recovered in luch Manner as the other Penalties are by the faid (everal recited Acts directed to be recovered and levied; and the Surveyor and Surveyors cf the faid Roads, and all and every other Perfon cr Perfcns, is and are hereby authorized to caufe all fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or bwine, as fhall be found wandering or depafturing upon the faid Road or on the Sides thereof to be impounded, until the Complaint ag iinft the Owner or Owners theriof can be heard before feme one of His Majefty’s Juftices cf the Peace adting for the County, City or Place wherein luch Offence (hall happen to be committed, or until the Owner cr Owrcrs of fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall pay the faid Penally, without having fuch Complaint heard before fuch Juftice of the Peace; tnd in cafe fuck Complaint (hail b„e heard before luch Juftice of the Peace, and fuch Juftice fhall corvvft fuch Owner or Owners, and order fuch Penalty or Penalties to be paid, then fuch Hotle or Horfes, A Is or Affes, Cattle or Swine, fhall remain impounded until the Penalty oi Penalties fhall be paid, over and abovrf [Loc. & Per.J	14 ^	the

ferine: or d-pafturing in the Highway*

*258	48'GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

the ufual Fee to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound where fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Afies, Cattle or Swine, (hall be lo impounded ; and if any Proprietor or Keeper of any fuch Pound {hall releafe any fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Afies, Cattle or Swine, which (hall be fo impounded asaforefaid, without the Conlentof fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfonor Perfons fo impounding, or until fuch Penalty or Penalties (hall be paid, every fuch Proprietor or Keeper (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall difturb or moleft the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons leading or driving fuch Horfe or Horfes, Afs or Afies, Cattle or Swine to Pound as aforeffid, he or they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Sail-lings, which faid feveral Penalties before-mentioned (hall be applied towards the repairing of the faid Roads, and to or for no other Purpofe whatfoever.

For fccuring IK, And whereas Offences may be committed againfi this Ad by Per-OrtentUii.	unknown	to	the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed ro

put this Ad into Execution •, be it therefore er.a&edj That it (ha.ll be lawful for any of the faid Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers respectively, and luch other Perfon or Perfons as he or they lb-all call to h s or their Affiftance, without any other Warrant or Authority than thi- Act, to feize and detain any unknown Perfon or Perfons who Ihall commit any fuch Offence or Offences, and take him, her or them, before any Juftice of the Peace for the County* City or Place, or ne:r to the Place where the Offence or Offences fhall be committed ; and fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed. immediately to the hearing and deierminingcf the Complaint; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders by the Juftice before whom he, (he or they fhall be taken, it (hall be lawful for the faid Juftice to commit him, her or them to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the fane County, City or R ding or Diftfid, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Drfys, unlefs he, (he or they fhall fooner pay the refpedive Penal lies by him her or them incurred for fuch Offence or Offence?, together with the Coffs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

Application XI]I. Ana be it further enaCled, That if any Money (hill be agreed or t 'on Koncy*' &wardcd to be paid for any Mefifuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tcr.e-wi>cn	meets or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or tifcd by virtue of the Powers

exceeding	cf the faj(j ,eciced Acts and this ACt, for the Purpofes thereof, which

/hall belong to any Corpo aticn, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as in the laid feveral recited Ads particularly mentioned, fuch Money (hall in cafe the fame /hail amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in rhe Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hit; Account ex parte the Truffees for executing the faid Ads and this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Morey (hall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order nude upon a Petition to be irefcrre.1 in a luminary Way, by the Pei ion or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenement*

1259

48® GEORGII Iir. Cap. 67.

ments, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land-Tax, or towards theDifcharge of any Debtor Debts, or luch other Incumbr .nces, or Part thereof, as the laid Court (hali authorize to be paid, afr'e&ins the fame Mtff'i iges, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affc&ing other Melluages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tenements or Here** ditaments (landing fettled therewith to the lame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the Paid Court, in the Purchafe of other Mefiliages, Cottages, Gardens,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which (had be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Mefiuages, Cottages, Gardens, Lands, Tene-ments and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, tiken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch ot them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking f ffc£l ; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the Lid Monev (hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upori *Api-plication thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Pu ch .fe of Three Pounds per Centum Confoiidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean Time and until the laid Bank Anuu tics (ball be ordered by the laid Cou.t to be !old for the Purpofes aforelaidr the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confo-1 id a ted or Reduced Bank Annuities (ball from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfon or Perlons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents, Iflk.es and Prt fics of the Land4,

Tenements, and Heredita-v.mts fo hereby cr by the faid recited A&s directed to be purenakd, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made,

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Money where left fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Mefiuages, Cottages, Gardens, aid^iweding I^nds, Tenements nr Hereditaments, purchafed, taken or Ufed for the Pur- *o 1. pofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Liability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than theSumofTwo hund'ed Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in any fuch Cafe the lame Iliall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perlons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hrreditarm n:s fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Commerce or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fign fied in Writing under their rt pedlive Hands, be paid inro the Bank, in the Name and with he P: ivity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-btf ;re directed, or ocherwife the famefh.ill be paid at the like Op-ion, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making luch Option, and approved of bv Five or more' of the faid Truftees (fuch Nominati n and Approbation to h.~ fign fi. d in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing the o*», may be applied in Manner herein-bctoie tlirtfled, fo far as the Cafe he applicable, without obtaining or being required to ubta.n the Due&ion or Approbation of the Couit ol ChuiiCcry-

2.V, Prcvidtd

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, Thac where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as laft before mentioned (hall be le.s than Twenty Pounds, then and >n all luch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments lo purthafed, taken or uled for thePurpofes of the faid i'everal recited Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, Ihall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and . for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perions fo entitled relpec-tively.

In cafe of not	XVI. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to

TUUs^&c!-- whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Pgrchale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be pu-chafed by virtue of the faid ieveral recited Ads and this Ad. (hall refufe to accept the fame, or fliall not be able to make a good 1 itle to the Piemiies, to the Satisfaction of the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more of the n, or in cafe fueh Peifon or Perions to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefiud cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons emiiied tp fuch Lands, Tenements 01 Hereditaments, be not known or dilcovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Lid Sum or Sums fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ofthe Court of Chancer-, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the Ltd Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \def,r:bmg :hem] fubjtd to the Order, Controul and Difpofition of the (aid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery on the Application of any Perlon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Pait thereof, by Motion or Petition, fliall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the (aid Court fliall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribu-t;on thereof, or Payment of theDividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eft ate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making chim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the laid Court (hall Lem juft and reafonable; and the Cafliier and Cjfliicrs of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and lpecifying for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as (hall pay any .Suin or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where any Qutftion fliall arife touching the Title of any Perlon to anv Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be pur-chafed in purfuance of the faid feveral recited Ads and this Ad, or to any Ba.nk Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Div^ends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perlon or Perions who (hall 8	have

Refpetfmg

dilpu’.ed

•Titles.

1260

Application where lefs than ao U

1261

48" GEO RGII III. Cap. 67.

have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Per Con or Perfons, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Per Ion or Perfons, (hall be deemtd and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, i'ene-menrs or Hereditaments, according to loch Pofleffion, until the contrary (hall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the Paid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purclufcd with fuch Money, and alio the Capital of fuch BankAnnuities, {hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlcfs it fball be made appear re ti e Lid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleffion and that lone other Perlon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fume Ellate or Intereft therein.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be ic further enadled, That where by reafon The court nf of any DiLbiftv or Incapacity cf the Pt-rfun or Perfons, or Corporation o^fenSSS-^ entitled ro any Land', Tenements or Hereditamer.tr, to be purchafed able Uxpe.Kes under the Authority of the faid feveral recited Adis andthis Act, the Purchafe thebfSecsJf Money f >r the fame fliall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery,

a d to be applied in the Purchafe of oth. r Lands, Tenements or Here-Citamen'Sj to be fettled to the like Ufcs in puifuafce of the faid recited Acts and this Adi, it fliall and may be lawful ro and for the Lid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Adis and this Adi, or fo much of iuch txpences as the Court fliall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faidTruf-ters out of the Monies to be received by vi:tue of the faid Adis and this Adi, who fliall from Time to Time pay luch Sums of Money for fuch Pu 1 poles as the faid Court fliall diredl.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That all the Cofls, Charges, and Ex. Experts of peaces incident to and attending the obtaining and pafling this Adi fliall im- the Act.

n e iattly after the pafling thereof be paid and aifeharged by the Truftees for putting the faid recited Acts and chis Adt in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arifen by virtue of the faid leveral recited Adis or out of the firll iMonies which fliall arife by virtue thereof and of this Adi upon the Lid Chefter DiftriEl of the faid Roads or out of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof refpeflivdy, and in preference to all other Paymencs whatfoever, in the Proportions following; (that is to fay) one equal Half Part thereof by and ouc of the Tolls ariflngon that Part of thy faid Chefter Dftricl which lies between Wrexham Lane, within the Liberties of the City of Chefter and Northop aforefaid, and the Remainder thereof bv and out of the Tolls ariflng on the Road from Wrexham to Chefter, and the new Road oi Communication authorized to be made by the faid herein-before recited Ail of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefenc Majefty.

XX.	And be it further enadled. That this Adi fliall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Adi, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by all Judges, Juftices and others without being fpecially pleaded.

XXI.	And be it further enadled, That the Term granted by the faid Term of the feveral recite d Adis (hall upon the pafling hereof ceafc and determine; and Ac:>

(s’ Per14 R	that

1252

48° GEORGII III. Cap.6j.

that the faid A£ls (fuhject to the Alterations herein-before mentioneo’) and this A£l, (hal! from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stflion of parliament.

LONDON: Printed by Geor.ce Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.



ANNO GLUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 68.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Adts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swifijden, and from Frant to Pojfmgisoorth Great Wood-, and for amending a certain Piece of Road, communicating with the faid Roads.	[27th	May	1808.J

WHEREAS an A3 was palled in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majrfty King George the Third, intituled. An 7 G'3’ c* Aft for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kern, to Swiftfden, in the Parifto of Etchincham a"d from Franc to FofTingworth Greac Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackooys, in the County c/'Suffex : And whereas an Ad was p<,ff d n G the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majclly, intituled. An 11 ‘ 3 C At1 to continue, amend, and render more effectual an Aft paffed in the Seventh Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from fun-bridge Wells in the County c/’Kent, to Swiftfden, in the Parifh of Eg Bingham, and from Frant to Poflingworth Great Wood, adjoinin’; to .he Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackboys, in the County of Suficx : And whereas the Truftces appointed in or by virtue or the faid Tveal Adts have proceeded to put ihe fame in Execution, and have borrowed feverat confiderable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Toils thereby granted, which Money ftill remains due and owing and cannot be paid off, n r can the laid Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept n Repr.ir, unlel's the Term of the faid A£t; is lurcher continued, ihe Tolls [Loc. & Per.~\	14	S	thereby

1266

Said Acts fu fhei continu «d.

Yruftees.

4S* GE 0 R G11 III. Cap. 68.

thereby granted increafed, and fome of the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged : And whereas the Road leading from Pound Hill in the Town and Parifb of Mayfield, in the County of SuJJex, to the Pond at the Eafl End of Elet thing Street, in the fame Parith, contan ing in Length about Eighty Rods, and wnlch is leading towards the Town of Wadhuji, in the laid County of Sujfex, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and it would be a great Benefit and Advantage to the Publick, if the lame Roid was put under the Care and Management of the faid Truftees, and made Parc of the Lid Roads by the Paid recited Ads dire&cd to be amended and kept in Repair, and the Provifions of the fame Ads extended to :he faid Road he'ein-before deferibed, fubjecc to the Regulations and Reflections herein after mentioned; may it therefore pleale Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; ar.d be it enacted by the King's molt Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lor is Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this prefent Parliament aflemolcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Direction*, Penalties, Forfcituies, ClaufcS, Matters, and Things therein contained (except fuch Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfo except fuch Claufes, Matters, and Things as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed) fiiall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpofe of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the feveral Roads com-prifed in the faid recited A&s ; and alfo the new or additional Road hereinbefore particularly deferibed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Powers, Authorities, Provifions Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things (except as aforefaid) were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and as if the faid new or additional Road had originally been Part of the Roads included in the faid recited Acts, bur fubject neverthelefs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which fhall commence and take Effect from the pafling of this Act; and that this Act and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted (hall be and are hereby declared to be fubject and liable as well to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the faid recited Acts, or of the Tolls thereby granted, as alfo to the Payment of all Monies which fhill or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the fame Acts or this Act, and of all Inttrell due and togrow due for the fame Monies refpectively.

II.	And be it further enacted, That Sir John Macpherfon Baronet, Sir George Buggen Baronet, the Honourable George Henry Neville, the Honourable John Neville, the Honourable	Neville,	the Right Honour-

able Charles Abbot, Jeffery Aujlen, Edward Aujlen, the Reverend George Maximilian Betbune, Alexander Beatfon Efquire, Samuel Raker of Heath-field, Samuel Baker of Mayfield, Thomas Bridger, Edward Bridger of the Green, Edzvard Bridger of Pages, John Pomfret Blackman, John Baker of Wadhurft, Thomas Bull, William Boorman, John Hicks Barman, the Reverend Henry Bijhop, William Baker, Benjamin Bufs, William Baldock, William Beale, Thomas Babington, the Reverend Sackville Bale, John Baker of Heathfield, J>hn Baker of Frant, the Reverend Stileman Bojlock, Robert Cornwell, Nicholas Cornwell, Edward Sawyer Cha field, John Colle ns, George-Court hope Elquire, George Cturthope the younger Enquire,	Carrington

Elquirc, William Confiable Efquire, the Reverend Richard Crawley, Edward 4	Cranjlon

1267

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 68.

Cravfhn Efqrire, William Canfield, Duncan Jcbn Cameron FXoffuis,Thomas Day Elquire, William Durrani ft tonics D Ives, Jofeph Delves, Richard Delves,

Robert Dr.fbwood Efquire, Drone s Dollman Elquire, the Reverend William Delves, John Apjley Dalrymple Efquire, Thomas Butler Egles Efquire, John Ellman Efquire, John F> y, John Fry the younger, EdwardFifher, G, G. Falconer Efquire, William Fenner, George Fey, Henry Fry, John Fuller Efquire,

Robert Fry Efquire, JohnTraylon Fuller Efquire, Robert Fry of Erridge,

William Gilbert, Richard Hollifi E quire, Thomas Wider, Thomas Hammond,

Thomas Huntley, Edward Hujfey Efquire, Robert Hawes Efquire, James Harbroe Efquire, John Humphrey, Richard Jones E'qhe, Gibeon Jarvis,

Jeffery, the Reverend John Kirby, John Kirby the younger,

Richard King, Edward Kinc, Charles Lamb Efquire, the Reverend Edward Rudffone Langdalc, John Lloyd Efquire, John Micklethwait Efquire, William Mar chant, Benjamin Maynard, John Edward Maynard, Francis Moreland Efquire, Thomas Mogg, John Moon, John Moon the younger,

William Miles, John Newbery Efquiie, John Newbeiy the younger Efquire, Jo/eph Newington, Joel Newington, Horace Newington, George Newington, Samuel Newington, Charles Newington, JeJJe Newington, William Noakes, John Noakes, henry Noakes, Henry Noakes the younger,

George Noakes, Robert Olive, James Philcox, James Philcox the younger,

John Philcox, John Paine, William Pack bam, Richard Packham, Henry Playjled, Henry Piaffed the younger, Samuel Playjled, Alfred Piaffed,

Thomas Prickett, Charles Prickett, Charles Edward P gou Efquire, Edward Peck ham, Richard Pit lock, John Prince, John Pullen, Baden Powell Efquire, Thomas Smith Pannuel Efquire, Henry Pigcu E quire, Thomas Paige, John Rofe, John Rochrffer, John Rolerts Efquire, John Shelley Sidney Efquire, Nicholas Stone, the Reverend William Salmon, Jacob Shepherd, William Standen, John Springett, Edmund Springett, Jofeph Strickland, the Reverend Thomas Stephens, Doccor in Divinity, Robert Skinner,

John Smith, John Stone, Jafper Sprange, Thomas Stone Efquire, William Stone Efquire, Thomas Stone the younger Efquire, John Baker Stapley9 Thomas Step ley, Thomas Sawyer, Richard Owen Stone, James Tompfett,

James Tompfett the younger, Thomas Tooth, Samuel Tompfett, John Thomp-fett of Ticehurft, John Tbompf tt of Wadhurft, John Tompfett the younger of Wadhurft, John Tompfett of Mayfield, Ifaac Tompfett, James Tempjett of Ticehurft, Thomas UJherwood, William Wingfield Efquire, Thomas Wigb-ton, William Wolffenholm Efquiie, William Wickens, Samuel Wickens, John Woodward Efquiie, John Waghorne, and John Sands Young, (being qualified according to the Directions of the faid frft-rccited Ad) lhall be and are hereby added to and joined with the furviving and remaining Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited Acts, and {hall in all Refpeds whatloever have the like Power and Authority for carrying the fame Ads and this Ad into Execution, as if they had been originally appointed Truftees in or by virtue of the faid recited Ads or cither of them.

III.	And be it further enaded. That if after any Adjournment of the Meeting* faid Truftees for executing the faid recited Ads and this Ad, it (hall upon any Emergency be thought neceflary that an earlier Day of Meeting fhould be appointed than the D«y to which the Meetings of the faid Truftees lhali have been adjourned, the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by an Order in Writing figned by Three or more of the faid Truftees, although not alTembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, (hall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner in the faid

recited

1268

Power to enter Lands to repair the new Road.

Declaring the new Road to be a Part of the Mayfield Diftriet of Road.

Retraining the T uftees from d viat-ing beyond « certain Limit,

48* GKORGII HE 'i'Cap. 68.

recited' A;& directed, and of tlic Jimc and Place which fhall he mentioned in the Order of the laid Trull es (furh Time not being le's than Leo Days after fuch Notice); and all Proceedings of ihe Trullees at fucii Meeting fhall be as valid, as they would have been in cafe the-Truflces had me: in purfuance, of any Adjournmeni: Provided always, that no further or other Bufinefs (hall be entered upon or taken into Conlidcration ac any luch Meeting fo 10 be called uuon an Emergency as atoreUid, than luch as (hall have been fignified and particulaily let forth in the Order or.. Notice for calling fuch Meeting.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Truftets, or any Seven or more of them, or for fuch Pcrions as they or any Seven or more of them (hall employ for that Pu pole, and they are herebv fully authorized to enter into and upon the Land' and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons lying on both Sides or either Side of the f id Road leading from Pound Hill in the Town and Parilh of Ma field, in the faid County of Sujfex, to the Pond at the Eali End of Fletcbing Street, in the fame Parifh, for the Purpofe of amending, widening, and co uple ing the faid Road (which Road fhall be of the B eadth of Tb rty Feei) doing as little D image as may be in the Execution of the P< \y r- to rhem the faid Truftees hereby granted, and making reafimblr Si isfa£trpn ro the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Perfon? mtetelled in the L inds, 'IWie-ments, and Hereditaments lo to be entered, for all Damages wh*. h lhall; be fuftained by executing the fame Powers*, arid in ca e any Difference fhall arbe between the fa d Truflces and fuch Owners or Proprietors and Perfons interefled as afofefaid, concerning - he Quantum of the Faid Damages that then it (hall be lawful for tnc juttiecs of the P a e, or the major Part of them affembled, at the next. Gerier. I Quaiter Seffj ins of the1 Peace for .he faid C >umy of Sujfex, or at the Second General Quarter S f-fions of the Peace, thereto fettle, adjudge, and deter in hie wha R( corn-pence fhall be made to luch Owners or Prop ierbrs and Pcrfojiff 1 ntrrcfled, which Determination fhall be final and conclude: Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall authorize or empower the faid Truftecs, or any Perfon or Perlons acting by or under their Authority, to take, ufe, injure, or damage for the Purpofe; of the faid Road, or any of the Pur-pofes a'orefaid, any Houfe or other Building, or any Land: or Ground let apart or ufed as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a Hiule, without the Confenc in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners thereof.

V.	And be it further enafled. That the faid new or additional Road hercin-before particularly deferibed*, fhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to form Part of the Mayfield Diflrift of Road, or the Road leading from Sleecbes Crofs to Poffingwortb Great Wood, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofcs as if the fame had originally formed Part of fuch Diftrid of Road.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe any Deviation or Diverfion of the faid new Road, or any Part thereof, fhall at any Time be made, the faid Truflces in making fuch Diverfion fhall not deviate more than One Hundred Yards of Three Feet .each from the Line of the prefenc Road, without the Confent in'Writing of the Perfon or Perfons, Body

Politick,

1269

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, through wliofe Linda or Grounds foch Deviation (hall be made.

VII.	And whereas the Tolls granted by rhe laid recited Afis have been found infufikient for amending and keeping the fsid Roads in good Repair, and for executing the feveral other Purpofes of the faid Afts; be it therefore further enafted, That, from and after the Fourth Monday next after the pafling of thin Act, the Tolls payable in and by the faid recited Afts, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable) and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls fhall be demanded and taken before any Hovfe, Mare, Gekling, Mule, Afs, Bead, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatfoever, fhall be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike, Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Side Gate, erefted or to be erefted by virtue of the laid recited Afts or this Aft, upon and acrcfs the faid Roads, or any Lane or Way leading into the fame (except the Gate called the Tunbridge Wells Gate,) that is to lay):

Ftr every Coach, Chaiiot, Landau, Berlin, Chaife, Curricle, Calalh, Barouche, Phaeton, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horfes, Mares, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence , and drawn by three Horfes, Mares, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four.pence ; and drawn by Two Horfes, Mares, or other Beads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horfe, Mare, or other Beall of Draught only, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or Pair of Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ninc-ptuce; and drawn by-Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Alts, or Two Pair of Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three or more Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Adis, or Pair of Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight.pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or ieis-Number than a Score:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in. proportion for every greater or left Number than a Score :

For every Carriage laden with Coals, Chalk, Lime, Hop-Poles, Heath, Fern, or Litter, palling through any ot the faid Gates or Turnpikes (except the faid Gate called The Tunbridge Wells Gate) between the Tenth Day of OStcber and the Fifth Day of April, Double the Tolls herein-before granted ami impofed upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other fuch Carriages:

And for every Carriage chiefly laden with Timber, Stones, Tiles, Bricks, Iron, or Guns, pafling through any of the laid Gates or Turnpikes (except as before is excepied) between the Tenth Day of Qblober and the Fdtb Day of April, Treble the faid Tolls herein-before granted and made payable for Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other fuch Carriages.

VI1L And be it further enafted. That Double the refpeftive Tolls or Duties above granted and made payable (hall be demanded and taken on

[Lee. (A Per.)	14	T	every

For repealing former Toils and graning new Toll*.

New Toll*.

Double Toll* on Sundays.

1270

48°GEORGII III. Cap.68.

every Sunday during the Continuance of this Ad, except at the faid Gate called The Tunbridge Wells Gale.

Half Tolls at IX. And be it further enaded. That One Moiety or Half Part only of Weiis'cSe ^e refpedive Tolls or Duties by this Ad granted and m ide payable fhall alfo be demanded and taken at (he faid Gate, called The Tunbridge Wells JcTVefin Gal0, during the Continuance of this Ad: All which faid refpedive e ru '■"s‘ Tolls or Duties herein-befere granted lhall be and are hereby declared to be veiled in the Truftees for executing the faid recited Ads and this Ad ; and the fame and every Parc thereof fhall be colleded, recovered, paid, applied, and difpofed of in fuch Manner, and by fuch and the fame Ways and Means, and with fuch Remedies and Powers for recovering, levying, varying, afligning, transferring, and leafing the fame, as is and are mentioned and given in, and by the faid recited Ads or either of them, with relpcd. to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable.

Collegers of X. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any D.fpute, Suit, or Li-tf°t Wi™Pe*	arife,	touching	or	in anywife relating to the faid Tolls or

nefl'es. the Recovery thereof, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall not be incoirpetenc to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by reafun of his, her, or their being appointed to col'ect fuch Tolls, or bv reafon ot his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

Repealing XI. And whereas by the faid recited Acts, Dung, Mould, Compoft, cm?tior.sX" anc* other Materials ufed in amending and manuring of Land, Hop-Poles grown and ufed in the levcral and refpedive Panfhes in whtch the faid Roads lie, and Heath, Fern, and Litter grown on the Lands of the ref: ec-tive Owners thereof, are declared to be exempt from the Tolls or Duties by the fame Acts granted and made payable : And whereas it is expedient that fuch Exemptions (hould be repealed and done away ; be it therefore further enacted, That the laid Exemptions fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed.

Half Toll to XII. Provided always, and be it farther enaded, That One Half only be taken f r 0f the refpedive Tolls by this Ad granted and made payable for Wag-u ig, &c, g0ns> Wains, Carts, or other fuch Carriages, fhall be demanded and taken for any Carriage laden with Dung, Mould, or Compoft, (Chalk, Marl, and Lime excepted) to be ufed in amending and manuring of Land, which fhall pafs through any of the Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, ereded or to be ereded by virtue of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, from any Farm or Lands, within either of the Parifhes in which the faid Roads do lie, to any other Farm or Lands within the fame Pari(h j any .Thing hertin-before contained to the .contrary notwithftanding.

Exemptions	XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall

fr«m Toll*.	charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by

this Ad, 'for any Horfe or other Beaft drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, ; hich fhall be going unladen for, or fhall be then ufedr only in .conveying or returning unladen or e.mpty, after having been employed only in conveying Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for the Re-any pubiick Road or Highway in any Parifh or Place in which

L	the

1271

4-8° GvE ORGIE IIL' Cap. 68.

the Lid Roads or either of them do or doth lie, or for any Hurle or other Beaft not drawing, which Hull be going unladen for, or (hall be then ufed only in carrying or returning unladen after having been employed only.in carrying any fuch Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, for the Purpofes aforefaid, or for any CVriage, Horfe, or Cattle, going for the Purpofes of or returning from ploughing, tilling, or lowing any Land or Ground, or which fball be ufed or employed only in the Carriage of, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having been employed only in carrying or drawing any Hay unfold and not for Sale, Straw, or Com in the Straw, or. any undried Hops for the Purpole of being dried or cured, or for any Carriage or Cattle going or pafiing with a; y Plough, Harrow, or any fuch Implement of Hulbandry, or for any Horfes going to be or returning from being fhoed or tarried, or for any Cattle going to or returning form Water or Pafture; nor (hall any Toil be demanded or taken for any Perfon going to or returning front his proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlhiip, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried in any of the fa:d Parifhes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any lick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on anv other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Defcriprion, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprrftes under the Authority of His Majetly’s P. ft Mufter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefics, o' in returning back from conveying the lame, or for any Horfc^, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers or Volunteers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriages, attending them laden with (heir Arms or Baggage, or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furmfhed by or for any Perfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife ; provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions as aforefaid, or fi r any Horfes, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of 'Vagrants fent by legal Paffes, or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafti, Chaifey or 1 thtr Carriage, or the Horfes or C-atde drawing them, or any Perfon on Horleback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the Counties of Kent or SuJJex on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded-, and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall in any fraudulent or collufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit cf any of the Exemptions by this Aft granted (no: being entitled to the fame) every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, which fhall be applied to the Purpofes of the Lid recited Acts and this Aft.

XIV.	And whereas by the faid firft-recited Aft, it is enacted that if any Perfon fhall have paid the Toils by that Aft granted for the pafiing of any Carriage or Cattle of any Sort or Species through any Gate or Turnpike, cr any Side Gate erected bv virtue of the fame Aft, the fame ," - ■	%	Perfon

KepeaVn? the Chufc in the Firlt A<3, which declares that Per)cns padine more than Once in

*372	48* GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

S^fTSi?' ^er^orl uPon producing a Note or Ticket denoting fuch Payment, fhouid On* Toll.U be permitted to pafs through the fam€ Gate or Turnpike with the fame Carriage and Cattle, Toll free at any Time or Times during the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night, which faid Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the faid Tolls were thereby required to give gratis upon the Payment of fuch Tolls : And whereas it is neceflary that the fame fliould be repealed ; be it therefore further enafted. That fo much of fuch A6t fliall, from and afeer the palling of this A& be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void.

preferibing XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the puffing of ether Rtgula- this Act, all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall pafs the fame Day, SKS** to be computed as aforefaid, through any of the Gaces, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, created or to be cre&cd by the faid recited Acts or this Act, a Third Time with any Carriage or Cattle of any Sort or Species, then fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be liable and compellable again to pay the Toll or Duty by this Ad imposed on fuch Carriage or Cattle, and to-receive another Note or Ticket, (which the Collector and Colle&ors is and are hereby required to deliver as aforefaid) which (hall entitle him, her, or them to return through the fame Gate, with the fame Carriage or Cattle upon the fame Day, once more Toll-free, and fo toties quoties tor every Third Time any Peifon or Perfons fliall pafs the fame Day through the fame Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate, with the faid Carriage or Cattle.

Repealing certain Powers as to treating of Gates, &c. and fubfliiut-ing other Powers inttead

XVL And whereas by the laid recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Hi. faid prtfent Majefty, it is enacted, That Three Gates or Turnpikes and no more (hould be erected acrofs or upon the Road leading from a certain Place called Slteihes Crofs in the Parilh of Front, to Pof-ftngywortb Great Wood aforefaid, One of which Gates or Turnpikes fhould be erected at or near Sleecbes Crofs aforefaid ; and that Three fuch Gates or Tumpires and no more (hould be ereded acrofs or upon the faid Road leading from Sleccbes Crofs to Swiftfden aforefaid. One of which Gates or Turnpikes (hould be ereded at or near Sleccbes Crofs aforefaid; and that no Gate or Turnpike (hould be eroded upon or acrofs the faid Road leading from Sleccbes Crofs aforefaid to Tunbridge Wells i and alfo that no Crofs Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike lliould be ereded nearer to Pojfingr •worth Great Wood aforefaid, than a certain Place called Butchers Crofs in the faid Parilh of Mayfield: And whereas fuch Claufe hath been found, very inconvenient and detrimental to the faid Roads; be it therefore enaded, That the lame fliall, from and after the palling this Ad, be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Tiuftees, or any Seven or more of them, to ered, or caufe to be ereded, any Number of Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, and acrofs fuch Part and Parts as well of the faid Turnpike Road leading from Sleccbes Crofs in the Parilh of Front, to Pojfingwortb Great Wood, and from Sleccbes Crofs to Swftdcn, as the faid Truftees fball think proper, with proper Toll Houfrs to the fame; and to take away, alter, and vary the Places of fuch Gates or Turnpikes from Time to Time, as often as they (hall fee Occafion, and to caufe to be demanded and taken at each and every of the Gates or Turnpikes fo to be ereded, for Carriages, Cattle, and other Things pafling through the fame, the full Tolls, hereby granted and authorized to be taken; and alfo to ered, or caufe to be 3	ereded.

*273

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 68.

frefted, anv Gate or Gates, Turnpike cr Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of ?t- * faid Roads, or either of them, or upon, in, or acrofs any Lane or Way, Lanes or Ways, leading into the fame, with fuitabie Toll Houfes thereto, and there to caufe to be demanded arid taken fuch Tolls as are by this A61 made payable at any other Gate or Turnpike ere&ed or to be treated by virtue of the (aid recited. Ads and this A£b; any Thing in the faid recited Ads or this Ad contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That no more than Limiting the Four Tolls m the whole, including the Toll at Sleeches Crofs Gate* (hail JoiisTo be be demanded or taken from any Perfon for • ..-nee pairing and repafling the t?ken in one fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night D-‘y* to Twelve of the Cluck in the fucceeding Night with the fame Carriages, Horfes, Ca tie, or Beads, through all the Gates, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, ereded or to be eroded by virtue of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, on the faid Road leading from Sleeches Crofs in the Purifh of Frant> to Pofftngworth Great Wood; nor (hall any more than Thiee I'".Is in the w hole (including the Toll at Sleeches Crofs Gate) oe r. ken or demanded from any Perfon or Ptrfons for once parting and repafling the fame Day with the fame Carriages, Horfes, Cattle, or Be.ifbs, through ail the G tes, Turnpikes, or Side Gates, ereded or to be ereded oa the faid Road leading from Speeches Crofs to Swififdtn; but that all and every Perfon and 1'erlohs ha> ing pa’d luch Four lolls on the laid Road ieading from Sleeches Crofs to Pcjfixgwnnb Great Wood, arid Three Tolls on me laid Road leading from Skeches. Crofs to S'C'ififdm, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Ticket?, d*nuting ■ kiclr Payment (which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis')

(hall be permit ed to pafs and return the fame Day with the Lin Carriages, Horles, Cattle, or Beads, Toll-free through ail other the Gate?,

Turnpikes* or S;-de.jGate>, which fhall be then (banding on the Road on which fuch Payment fhall bem.de; nor (hall mote than One Toll be taken or demanded for once puffing and recalling within the Pjri(h of Wa .burft only on the faid Road leading from Sleeches Crofs to Swift/- ’ den; nor (hail more than One Toll be taken or demanded for once parting and repafling within che Parilh of Ticfbujt only on the faid Road leading from Sleeches Crofs to Staiftfdsn •, any,"icing in the faid recited Acts or this A.t contained to the. contrary notwithflanding: Provided alfo. and it is the Intent and Meaning cf-thisAcr, that every Pcrion who (hall pay Toil far any Carriages, Horfes CAttic, or Beafts, at any Gate,

Turnpike, or Side*Gats, erected or to be erected on in® aforefaid Road lead rg front Found Hill in the Town andPJriflLof May fields to the Pond at t!ie E .h E:,c cf FUtcking Street \n the lame Parifh, fhfll upon his or her p-oduc :g a Note or 1 ickety denoting juch Payment (which the Collector of the Tolls, is hereby required to- deliver gratis on Payment of the Toil) be emit led to pgfs with the fame Carriages, Hqi&s*1‘Cattle, cr Beads, Toll-tree through anv Gates or Turnpikes which fhall be th-n (bunding on the.;

Roads comprized in the faid reeded,-Acts or ehher of rhem, within the.-Difta ce ot One Mile and an Half from the. Gate or Turnpike at which fuch P.ninert fnali be made; and that every Pcrion who fhall ply Toll f r a> y Carriages, Horfes, Cattle, or Beilis, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the laid Roads comprized in the faid recited Acts within the Diftance of One Mile and an Half from the faid Pond,

[Lot, & Per.2	]4 U	(hail

1274

To!' Gates and Materials

Truftecs. “

Powers to compound with Inhabi-

riflies fer Payment of Toll.

Powers »fo

will. Content of Creditor a.

Truftees may iue and be iued in the Name of their Clerk,

48' GEORGll III. Cap. 68.

fhall alfo upon his or her producing fuch Note orTi*ket as aforefaid (which the faid Collector is hereby allb required to deliver gratis on Pay-i merit of the T >!l) be entitled to pafs with the fame Carnages, HorfcSj Cattle, or Beads Tull-free through any Gate or Turnpike which lhall be then (landing between the Gate or Turnpike, at which fuch lafLmentioned Payment fhall be made, an! the faid Pond i any Thing in the laid recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary no:wichftanding*

XVT1L And be it further enacted, That all and every Gates or Turnpikes and Toll H >ufes, which fhall he e-ecied in purfuance of this Acr* and th’- M rerials of which the lame fhall confift, and all Materials which dial | r vidrd by the fai l Truftees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors for re, airing the faid Roads refpeitivelv, fliail be and the fame are h'-reby veiled in the faid Truftees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and i mpowered to bt ng or caufe any Aition or Actions to be brought in t: e N me of their Trcafurer or Clerk, or to prefer and order and direct the preferring Indictments againfl any Pcrfon or Perfons who final] dig up, break or pull down. Heal, take or carry away, fpoil, injure, or ritftry, any G te. Turnpike, or Toll Houf, which lhall be erected b\ virtue or this Act, or. any Part thereof, or any of the Materials which fhall be provided for the repairing of the faid Roads.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and tor the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, trom Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, to compound and agree with any of the Inhabitants of any or either of the Parilhes or Townlhips through which the faid Roads, or either of them, do or doth lead, and with any of tht Poffeffors or Occupiers of Lards, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the fame Parifhes, for any Sum or Sums of Money lor or in lieu of Payment of any of the Tolls or Duties by this Act made pay. ble for Carriages, Hoifes, Cattle, or Beafts, fuch Compofition or Agreement to be made upon fuch Terms and in fuch Manner as the fa d Truftecs, or any Five or more of them, fliail in their Difcretion think proper.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful for the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, with the Confenc of the Kilon or Perlons who fhall be entitled to Two Thirds of the Money then advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls by the faid recited Adis and this Aft made payable, to lefien or fufpend the Payment of all or any of the Tolls herdn-before mentioned, for fuch Time or Times, and upon fucli Terms as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fliail think proper.

XXL And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the l ime being j and that no Aftion or Suit to be brought or commenced by theDirtftion of, or againfl the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Afts in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, fhall abate or be dilcontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Cleik or Clerks, ncr by the Aft of fuch Clerk or Clerks, without h Conlcnt of the faid Truftecs, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or 8	Clerks

1275

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 68.

Clerks for the Time b ing to the faid Truftees lhall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants (a9 the Calc may be) in every fuch A&ion or Suit.

XXII.	And be it further enabled. That all PerfonS who bv Law are or Forregulating lhall be liable to do Statute Woik, or are or (hall he cha yeable towards ^bour.016 repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, lhall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it lhall be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the respective County in which fuch Roads lhall lie (as the Cafe mav be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees or their Treafurer^ Clerk, or Surveyor, by their O der, yearly to adjudge and determine what Pa t or Proportion of the Statute Work lhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the rcfpective Pariff.es or Places in which the fame do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of every luch Parilh or Place in lieu of" or as a Compofit on for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, lhall be by him or them patd to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it lhall be lawful for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in L fts before fuch Juftices at f-me Place to be exprefied in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the Service of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Parilh or Place are by Law fubject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Pa menc of any Money in lieu of or as a Compolition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Wor<e to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or other-wife, and alfo the Amount of the refpectivc Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names lhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulati n* and Reftrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force for the Repairs of the Pubkck Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices lhall and may allot, app i .t, nnd order fuch and fo many of the Per.ons who lhall appear fubject and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the Lid Juftices lhall think reafonable, and the fame lhall be done at fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Playtime or, Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the laid Roads as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyor?, lhall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint •, and the faid Juftices lhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts lhall appear to be fubject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compolition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof, as they the fa d Juftices lhall think proper, to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuCh Time or Times as the Lid Juftices (hall diretft, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame lhall and may be recovered by DiftreL and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpe&ive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof: in like Manner as arty Penalty is by the laid recited A£ts authorized or direrftrd to be recovered •, and each and every Perfon who lhall neglect orrefuL to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left fur him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Piace or Places of Abode for that Purpole, by any Surveyor to the laid Truftees, lhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught

1276

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

Draught or Draughts', Horf* or HorlVs, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or rtirm, be fu jecl and liable to luch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon r Pcrton may be fubjedl or liable to by any Law o Scan t - n Fort- or Effed for the Repair of the Publick Highways; a d ir an Perfon who (ball c«*me to work as a Labourer, or (lull be tent *ith any Team or Draught to work on the faid Roads, (hall be fou d idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftces, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difmifs the Perlon who (hall be found i'Jie **r negligent as afore aid ; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon fhffl be lubjed and liable to the relpcdive Forfeitures and Payments as afo < laid, ns if he had neglected or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had nor been fmt tow rk on any Part of the laid R * ds, ail which Fo»fei ures (hall be paid to the T'ealuier to the faid Trull e-, and appl e-- to^aids amending the faid Roads; and in ca'e the fai Sun rvor or Surveyors of the Highways for anv of the (aid Parilh s or P aces, fh.ill refuse or negled to give in fuch Lifts as afor.-faid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully give in falfe and impeded Lilts, every luch Surveyor lb offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum nut exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application of XXIII. And be it further enadea, That if any Money fhall be paid or Money113101 agre-^ or awarded to be paid for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, e\<ceding	or He.editaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of

a-o]'	the faid Ads or this Act, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to

any Bo y Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee jn Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hufband, Guardian, Committee, or other Tiuftee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot , Feme Covert, or other Cejluique Truft, or to any Perfon whole Lands, Tenements, or ^Hereditaments, are limited in ftrict or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difabtlitv or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money fhall in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftces for executing the faid Acts and this Act, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Lmd Tax, or Di (charge of any Debt or Debts, or luch other Incumbrances or Fart thereof as the ia.d Court fhall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Land-, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, I enements, or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufcs, Inten s, or Purpose*; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo appiied, then the fame fhftl be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the laid Court in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon the like Ufcs, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo purcoafed, taken, or ufed as atoiefaid, flood fettled or limited, or luch or them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement Ihall be exifting undeiermined and capable of taking Effctt; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe Ihall be

made.

1277

4*?° GEORGII III. Crfjfr.68.

made, the (aid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds par Centum Confolidated, or Three P ounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Piirpoles aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the (aid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities lhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the (kid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been ernided to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchafed, by virtue of the (aid Afts and this Aft in cafe fuch Settlement or Purchafe were made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacled. That if any

Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Where undn Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and 2°0' belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, or to any Corporation, under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and lhall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in ail fuch Cafes the fame (hall, ac the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (o purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe ot Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be pajd into the Bank of England^ in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Gourt of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direfted, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Seven of the Truftees for executing the faid Afts and this Aft (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be lignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parries) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the fame may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Appiicartenof Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned (hall be M°jn*y

lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be t>>efameiS applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time unJei *°h being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tene. ments, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, in fuch Manner as the (aid Trultees (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then fuch Money (hall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perlbns fo entitled refptftivcly.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons :nCafe of not to whom ary Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Pur- ™a*o‘>g cut chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by p^ronS°rif virtue of the faid Afts and this Aft, (hall refufc to accept the fame, and ^nnot be (hail not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfac- pu^hafe

\£oc. fcf Per.]	14	%	tion

*278

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

tion of the laid Truftecs, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch

Bank, (ohjetft

Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot b found, o°fthe<°'dcr or tbe Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereof Civaucery. ditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fball be lawful for the faid Truftecs, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England*, in the Name and With the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_defcribing them'] fubjed to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the laid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court lhall feem meer, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eftateor Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto; and to make fuch other Order in the / Premifes as to the laid Court lhall feem juft and reafonable ; and the Calhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who (hail receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpccifying for what and for whofe Ule the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fliall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England as aforefaid,

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where any Queftion fhall arife touching the Title of any Perfon, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuar.ee of this Ad for the Purchale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Fftate, Right or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid Ads and this Ad, or to any Bank Annuities, to be put chafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends, or Intereft of any luth Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have been in Pofieflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Pu-chafe, and all Peifons claiming under fuch Perfon or Pe fons, or under the Polfeflion of fuch Perlon or Perfons, lhall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PolfelTion, until the contrary lhall be lhewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, lhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unltfs it lhall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Polfeflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that foine other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to luch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fame Eftate or Intereft therein.

XXVIII.	Provided alfu, and be it further enaded, That where by reafon of any Incapacity crDifabiltty of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur* chafed under the Authority of the faid Acts and this Ad, the Purchale Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan* eery, and to be applied in the Purchale of other Lands, Tenements, ot

Hereditaments*

Where any Queftion 4h.ll arif; touching the rule to Money to be pa d the Per-lbn who fliall be in Poffcf-fion of the Land*. &c. at the Time of fuch Purchafe lhall be deemed e titled

Court of Cuancery may ordei* reafonable Expences of Furchifes to be paid by the TnifUcs.

1279

48° GEORGII III# Cap. 68.

Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the laid Ads and this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to T.me to be made in purfuance of the faid Ads and this Ad, or fo much of fuch Lx* pences as the faid Court fhall deem reafonable to be paid by the faid Truf-tees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Ads and this Act, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money tor fuch Purpofcs as the faid Court lhalldired.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That the Cods, Charges, and Ex- Fo.- paying pences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling this Ad, fhall 'fet££p^*< be paid and difeharged out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands

of the faid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Trcafurcrs, or out of the fi/ft Monies that (hall becolleded, borrowed, or received by virtue of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, or any or either of them, in preference to all other Payments whatfoever.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhall be deemed and Ded»rm$ taken to be a Publick Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That the Term granted and conti- Continuanc# nued by the faid recited Ads fhall upon the palling of this Ad ccafe and of Aa* determine} and that the faid Ads (fubjed to the Alterations and Additions herein-before contained) and this Ad fhall from thenceforth continue

and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.



.sd	ii;. a a >•**

.	.	.	,,	,	-	1.1	I '.,ji :vj cl .	'	i

„■ :	I	.■>■	X m . i ('-if! i , A .	• 1-i-i

!• r I .. •	j‘1	i'n	rj <v* •/.t Jiifcl'l	iy	’

!	-	.	:	ft	r	■ •<!	-	V S;; *•	■'•••

....	.....	^	\Ii I.J.. ...	*	iwl	■	.	'Cl! r. ,	1

t>ui <y®<w	i,r'!	im>'4	, ..ft

. i.r!	.!'.!j	■ii.'! .at . t»tp ,i«‘X

?r..;sr - c 1 -	;	^	'	"	’	Cl	-J	5	'1	J!	*i	*4	!	'	.XlAlC

'•	■	.	-T	...11..	.	.!.	01	■	:	.1

'	...	.	..	...	,	V	■ liiuufcA sdl i*1 HI •

:. i. d	' .0 :	I	.	,	-	••..	*	uiiftt 'it

i.il -1	......	li ,f -so.; r ,;ioI!:rj3d	llt-O-M

JO'	-	1	•-.	-	I	■ "I I .I'.l	!	■ ••	-	-

/ & -V	r	; 3

. .Mu..'..;	i..	 aw

—f.r;\ .i'	*	• rw* • ■ '. •

' '* t. ■..	■	■	i.	-	ji	.	....	i.t >i

:: ioo 3. :rc 13'. .con -jii Ihis .sjic.'1! 'll vd 'vis i >!.•	S ,R»t vs ■

>nr»:	;•	0	A

ho 1	V-«■ f *1 Trrfr ' : VI' t < i Y. v .



■ ’

.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEQRGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 69.

An Aft for removing Doubts as to the Application of - certain Surplus Monies paid for meafuring, fearching, and fealing Cloth, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork, under Two Afts of His prefent Majefty.	[27th May 1808.]

THEREAS an A3 was paffed in the Fifth' Tear of the Reign of His prefent-Majefty, intituled. An A cl for repealing feveral 5 G. 3 Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; and alfo fo much of fever al other Laws as prefcribes particular Standards of Width and Length offuch Woollen Cloths ; and for fubjlituting other • Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the Well Riding of the faid County; for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for prefervitlg the Credit of the faid Manufacture at the Foreign Market :

And whereas another A£t was pafled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad to amend an Ad made in- the laft 6 G. *• • Seflon of Parliament, intituled 6 An Ad for repealingfeveral Laws relating c to the Manufadure .of Woollen Cloth in the County of Y ork ; and alfo fo c much offever al other Laws as prefcribes particular. Standards of Width and e Length of fuch Woollen Cloths ; and for fubjlituting other Regulations of 6 the Cloth Trade, within the Weft Riding of the faid County ; for p*-e+

6 venting Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for prfervirg < the Credit of the faid Manufadure at the Foreign MarketAnd vv her n [Loc. (d. Per.~\	14 T	certain

1282	4^°	GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

certain Rates and Duties are by the faid Ads required to be paid for the meafuring, damping, and fealing of Cloth ; and by the Perfons concerned in the making thereof, the Sums of Money arifing from fuch Rates and Duties are paid to the Treafurer of the faid Weft Riding of the County of York for the Time being : And whereas fuch Sums of Money were by the faid recited Ads direded to be applied in the Payment of the Expences of obtaining the faid Ads, and alfo of certain Salaries to Officers Concerned in the Execution of the faid Ads, as the Juftices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Seffions yearly to be held next after Midfummer, ffiould dired and appoint: And whereas Parts of the Surplus Monies arifing from fuch Rates and Duties have been direded by the Juftices of the Peace at fuch General Quarter Seffions, to be applied in Payment of Expences which have been incurred in Applications that have been made to Parliament by the Truftees of the Mixed and White Cloth Halls in Leeds, and bn behalf of themfelves and others concerned in the weaving and making of Cloth, for the Protedion and Regulation of the faid Manufadure in the faid Weft Riding : And whereas important Queftions relating to the Interefts of the Perfons concerned in the weaving and making of Cloth in the faid Weft Riding, have lately come under the Confideration, and have at great length been inveftigated by Parliament: And whereas the Truftees of the faid Mixed and White Cloth Halls at Leeds, on behalf of themfelves and other Cloth Makers, have incurred great Expence in the profecuting and attending upon and affifting in the laid Inveftigation: And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Power of the Juftices to grant any of fuch Surplus Monies for the Payment of fuch Expences, and whether fuch Appropriations thereof have been heretofore fandioned by Law: And whereas it is juft and reafonable that a fufficient Part of fuch Surplus Monies fhould be applied for the Payment of fuch Expences which have been incurred, in any Inveftigation by Parliament, concerning the Intereft of the faid Truftees, and Perions concerned in the weaving and making of Cloth : And whereas it is expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be removed, and Provifion made for the Application of fuch Surplus Monies in future ; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Empowering prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it the Ju{licet	be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace affembled at the General

te/sefhorT Qjiarter Seffions of the Peace next after the palling of this Ad, and *0 apply Sur- thereafter at any fucceeding General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be plus Monies held next after Michaelmas, upon any Application tp be made for that for Payment pUrpofe by the laid Truftees of the Mixed and White Cloth Halls in Expcatxl.	Leeds refpedively, or any Perfon deputed on their behalf, to order and

’ *	dired that any Surplus or Part of any Surplus of any fuch Monies now

remaining and being, or which may hereafter from Time to Time come into the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid Weft Riding of the County of York, ffiall be applied inpayment of fuch fair and reafonable Cofts, Charges, and Expences which have lately arifen, and been incurred by the faid Truftees on behalf of themfelves and other Cloth Makers in the

___ faid Weft Riding of the County of York, by reafon of any iate Applications

to Parliament, or Inquiries and Inveftigations which have been carried on in Parliament, and alfo for the Expences of obtaining and paffing this Ad, and likewife for defraying the Expences of carrying on any Profecutions, to be previoufly approved of by His Majefty’s Attorney or Solicitor 7	General,

1283

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 6 9.

General, for the Protection of the Regulations relating to the weaving and making of Cloth in the faid Weft Riding, and the carrying the faid recited Afts and this Aft into Execution ; any Thing in the faid recited Afts contained to the contrary notuithftanding,

II.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be deemed and taken PublickAA. to be a Publick Aft, and lhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahxn, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808,

i

Iotj yj ii»



"S ’

i ■	: 1	5	■	y

'

■

■ \ ... 3 ■- ~:

■ .

'	'	■	■	\	'	"	i

.	•	i	•	■	•;



«0 1

















'













■

iv



<-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*&*********#*****&#*****#*****#*£***********#£**&****

Cap. 70.

An Act to alter and amend an Adi of the Thirty- firft Year of His late Majefty for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Price and Affize thereof; and to punilh Perfons who fhall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread fo far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread to be baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.	[27th	May	1808.J

WHEREAS the Provifions and Regulations contained in the Statute made in the Thirty-firffc Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, entituled, An Aft for the due making of Bread and to regulate the Price and Affize thereof, and to punijh Perfons who fhall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, fo far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread, and to the punifhing of Perfons whofe Bread fhall be found deficient in Weight, have been found defective; and it is expedient that other Provifions and Regulations fhould [Loc* & Per.~\	14	Z	£e



1286	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

be made in lieu thereof in refpeft to the weighing of Bread within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as hereafter is excepted, and the punifhing of Perfons refiding within thofe Limits whofe Bread (hall be found deficient in Weight: May it therefore pleafe Your Majesty, That it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the ta?ni* ^ he ^ame» That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of the faid Aft Weight of as relates to the weighing of Bread, and the punching of Pelfons whofe Bread upon Bread (hall be found deficient in Weight, fo far as the fame extends to the Average perfons refiding within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within ten ound‘ Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as hereafter is excepted, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and inftead thereof, be it enafted, and it is hereby enafted by the Authority aforefaid, that if any Perfon or Perfons refiding within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as aforefaid, who (hall make any Bread for Sale, or who fhall fend out, or expofe to or For Sale, any Bread, (hall at anv Time from and after the palling of this Aft, make, fend out, fell, or expofe to or for Sale, any Bread which (hall be deficient in Weight, according to the Afiize which (hall be fee, for any fuch Bread, from Time to Time to be fold at, in purfuance of any Aft or Afts then in Force for regulating the Price and Afiize of Bread, then it (hall be lawful for any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Jufticesof the Peace, within the Limits of their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, before whom any Information (hall be given upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefies of any fuch Deficiency in Weight ; and alfo for any Peace Officef or Officers authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices (and which Warrant any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, is and are hereby empowered to grant Upon receiving fuch Information upon Oath as aforefaid), at feafonable Tunes in the Day-time, to enter into any Houfe,Shop, Stall, Bakehoufe, Warehoufe, or Out houfe, of or belonging to any fuch Baker or Seller of Bread, againft whom*fuch Information (hall have been made as ^aforefaid, to (earth for, view, weigh, and try all fuch Bread as (hall be then and there found, and (hall have been baked within Twenty-four Hours next preceding the Time of the fame being fo weighed, and which Bread may be weighed by the Bufhel, or in any larger or fmaller Quantity, as may be Lund mod convenient : And if on the weighing of luch Bread any Deficiency (hall be found in its due Weight, on the Average of the whole Weight of all fuch Bread as (hall be then and there found, and which (hall have been baked within Twenty-four Hours as aforelaid, and which Deficiency (hall be proved before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the fame, then he or they fo offending in the Premifes, and being thereof convifted in Manner as by the faid Aft is direfted, (hall forteit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five 12	Shillings

48° GEORGtl III. Cap. 70.

Shillings, nor lefs than One Shilling for everv Ounce of Bn*ad which (hall be found deficient in Weight, on the Average of all fuch Bread as fhall have bern fo w ighed, and fo in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight lefs than an Ounce, as any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom any fuch Deficiency in Weight (hall be proved as aforelaid, fhall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted : And any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, within the Limits of their refpe&ive Jurifdiftions, may in fuch Cafe, where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Average as aforefaid, feizc all fuch Leaves as (hall be found deficient in their due Weight; and any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, may difpofe thereof as he or they in his or their Difcretion fhall think fit, except it (hall be proved to any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, by or on the Behalt of the Parties againft whom any fuch Information fhall be made, by the Oath, or Affirmation being a Quaker, of any one or more refpeCi-able Houfekeeper, that fuch Deficiency in Weight wholly arofe from fome unavoidable Accident in baking, orotherwife, or was occafioned by or through fome Contrivance or Confederacy.

II.	And be it further enafted. That every Baker and Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as aforefaid, fhall have fixed in fome convenient Place of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Afiize Weight of a Quartern Loaf and an Half Quartern Loaf; and that any Perfon or Perfons who may piir-chafe any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves of Bread of any fuch Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, (he, or they (hall think proper, require the fame to be weighed in his, her, or their Prefence; and if any fuch Loaf or Loaves fhall be found deficient in Weight, then the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame to be fo weighed (hall have the Deficiency made up with ocher Bread, or another Loaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be required.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That any Baker or Seller of Bread withinthe Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of th t Royal Exchange, except as aforefaid, vv*ho fhall negleft to fix fuch Beam and Scales in fome convenient Part of his or her Shop ; or to provide and keep for ufei proper Weights, or whofe Weights lhall be deficient in their due Weight, or who (hall refufe to weigh any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves purchafed in his, her, or their Shop, in the Prefence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, he, fhe, or they lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor lefs than Five Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magiftrates* Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender fhall be convicted, fhall think fit.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed that all and lingular the Claufes, Pro-vifions, and Directions contained in the faid recited ACt fo far as the fame

> '	are

1287

Dire&ing Sellers of Bread to have Scales in their Shops.

Infli&ing a Penalty in cafe of N*~ gleft.

Direffiog that the Powers in Aft of 31 Geo. IL

48 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 70.

arc not altered or repealed by this A ft, (hall refpeftively extend and re-late to this Aft, lo far as the fame are applicable to the PurpofeS thereof, and fliall be cxereifed for putting the fame in Execution, and enforcing the Provilions and Direftions thereof, in fuch and the fame Manner as if the fame Claufes were herein contained, and at large reenacted, and the Penalties by this Aft inflifted, fliall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties by the laid Aft inflifted* are direfted to be recovered and applied by the fame Aft, or by any fubfequent Aft for amending the fame.

No Journey- v. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Matter, Mif-bakevlc"10 tre^s» Journeyman, or ether Perfon refpeftively exercifing, or employed tuals after in the Trade or Calling of a Baker within the City of London, or within One o’clock Twelve Miles of the laid City, lhall on the Lord's Day, or on any part on the Lora’s thereof, make or bake any Houlehold or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes, Mafter°Batar any Sort or Kind, or fball, on any Part of the faid Day, excepting to deliver af- between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and One of ter Half-paft the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatfoever, fell or expofe One, on the t0 gale, or permit, or fuffer to be fold, or expofed to Sale, any Houfe-faid Day. hold or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or bake, or deliver, or permit or fufFer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart, or Viftuals, except as hereinafter is excepted, or in any other Manner exercife the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Bufinefs or Occupation thereof, fave and except fo far as may be neceffary in fetting and fuperintending the Sponge, to prepare the Bread, or Dough, for the following Day's baking: And every Perfon offending againft the foregoing Regulations, or any One, or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed, between the Hours aforefaid, otherwife than within the Bakehoufe or Shop, and being thereof convifted before any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence fliall be committed, within Six Days from the Commmifiion thereof, either upon the View of fuch Juftice, or on Confeffion by the Party, or Proof, by One or more Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, fliall for every fuch Offence, forfeit, pay, and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty, and Punifhment, hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay, for the firft Offence, the Penalty of Ten Shillings; for the fecond Offence, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third, and every fubfequent Offence refpeftively, the Penalty of Forty Shillings; and fhall moreover on every fuch Conviction, bear and pay the Colts and Expences of the Profecution, fuch Cofts and Expences to be affefled, fettled, and afeertained by the Juftice convifting, and the Amount thereof, together with fuch Part of the Penalty, as fuch Juftice lhall think proper, to be allowed to the Profecutor or Profecutors, for Lofs of Time in inftituting and following up the Profecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Profecutor or Profecutors, for his and their own Ufe and Benefit; and the Refidue of fuch Penalty to be paid to fueh Juftice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be tranfmitted by him to the Churchwardens, or

Overfeers

1288

(hall extend to this Act.

1289

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Overfeers of the Parifh or Pariflies where the Offence fhall oe committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in cafe the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Cofts and Expences, as aforefaid, be not paid within Fourteen Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, fuch Jullice (hall, and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the fame to be levied and railed, by Dif-trefs arid Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default or Infufficiency of fuch Diftrefs, commit the Offender or Offenders, to the Houfe of Correction, on a firfl Offence, for the Space of Seven Days, on a fecond Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a Third, or any fubiequent Offence, for the Space of One Month, unlefs the whole of the Penalty, Cods, and Expences be fooner paid and difcharged j Provided, neverthelefs, that it fhall be lawful for every Matter or Miftrefs Baker, redding within the Limits aforefaid, to deliver to his or her Cuftorriers on the Lord’s-Day any Bakings, until Half an Hour pad One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act contained.

VI.	Provided always and be it further enabled, That this Aft or any Thing herein contained, fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to any Baker or other Perfon refiding in, or carrying on the Trade or Bufinefs of a Baker, within the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, except fo far as refpects the exercifing the Trade of a Baker on the Lord’s Day as aforefaid, or in any ways to affed, leffen or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or of the Worfhipful Company of Bakers of the laid City, or of the Wardmote Inquefts of the faid City, or of the City or Liberties of IVejiminJler, or Borough of Southwark, or any Right or Cuftomof any Lord or Lords of any Leets, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place which may be exercifed or enjoyed by them or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye-Laws, Prefcriptions, Ufages, Cuftoms, Privileges, Grants, or Ads of Parliament; but that all fuch Rights and Privileges fhall be held, exercifed and enjoyed by the Parties refpedively intitled thereto, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame were held, exercifed, and enjoyed before the pafiing ot this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-withllanding. Regard being at all Times had to the Average Weight of Bread as before directed.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad for all Purpofes whatfoever, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

LONDON : Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's molt Excellent Majefty. 1808,

15^

Saving the Rights of the City of London, &c.

Public Ad;



,	.	IK	Oil	D

SI	-	1>	jr; >- ■ 1 ' ■ _. '.'ii

1.1,	’!	i! I-J	Vi	,! n .UO

-Y	:i>	!	.	H

7 ri	•]	/ • ■	’	ns i

,	il	- hn;

-	'	j	,	.m

‘ V -4w

.■-■I	'	•	’!	vn*.	i.7	s	j;	•

«* . '•» , . :

i

I.	1-	^ : ji, *!	'	-I.:

-	«	*»•>. I

........	-I/.'	? r>

{ sj.- i .iav.- - <‘;;4 Ui

VW •"« ■	'!	TV

*--t m	....	I	■!' Y t	.1 (

-on I	,	•	3	■	v,	*•'	.

L. ,	'	■	1	tO

!	»i , r \ ' I ■ in M- vr<|-.	»

<*	\	J	IS . n

I

. tf

4 %	.

„ ’V .	■	’	•>	•	Si-..

{ M	,	■	“	'	'

f*/ »'	.	r...	j	\(k

4.	'	f

O .. i U*rf> .. • ti

-	3^	■’	.	;l:	-	Ml V

TM . '	...	1

)c:-. '■	t-t	.	•-	;	.	r*.;.r; „ .i

■ ' N .iljjfow*	.	i	It	.30	I	il	■	. tl.ijiw

. ::x- 3-vj ■	.	o»j ■:! 1c>

...I j :	.	.“Ojoh,..	'.q.	1.3	]	i	1	’	O! a>3t;t

...	"...	'	w./vir

3	i.-	I	f

ANNO QtJADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG 11 III. REGIS.



Cap. 71.

An Adi for repealing an Adi, made in the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for extending the Provifions of Two former Acts, relating to the Ufe of Florfe Hides, in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, “An Act to extend the “ Provifions of Two Acts pafted in the Thirty-ninth and For- recited, tc tieth, and in the Forty-firft Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

“ relating to the Ufe of Horfe Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and pre-“ venting the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to,

“ and to alter and amend the fame, as to the Cities of London and Wejlmin-“ Jier, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, and all Places “ within Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the faid City of “ LondonAnd whereas it is expedient that the faid recited A& ftiould be altered and amended, and it would tend to the more eafy and effectual Execution of the Purpofes intended by the faid A£t, if the fame were repealed, and other Provifions made in lieu thereof: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enacted, and be it ena Vied by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of an<l repealed. June next, the laid recited Aft fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

[_Loc. Per.']	j	5	B	II. And

i294	4k0Georgii m. cap.it.

Perfonsflay- II. And beit further enabled. That this Aft, and all and every the Skins'^'*an^ Claufes, Powers, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures* Matters, London, &c. anc^ Things heiein contained, fhall extend, and be conflrued to extend, fubjea to	to all and every Butcher, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons,

thu Aft.	flaying, or employed in the flaying or felling, or employed in the felling

of any fuch Raw Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, as is and are hereinafter mentioned, within the Cities of London and bVeJhninJlery and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, or any of them, or at any Place or Places within the Diftance of Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the faid City of London,

Commiffi- III. And be it further enacted, That Evan Edwards, Paul Gihlett oners named. Qeorge Leyburn, John Lomas, Robert Salmon, Benjamin Stubbing, and yohn IVarmington, and their Succeffors, to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, together with Seven Perfons to be annually appointed as herein-after mentioned by the Matter, Wardens and Court of Aflittants for the Time being of the Worfhipful Company of Butchers of the City of London, Seven Perfons to be annually appointed as herein-after mentioned, by the Matter, Wardens and Court of Aflittants for the Time being of the Worfhipful Company of Curriers of the City of London, and Seven Perfons to be annually appointed as herein-after mentioned by the Matter, Wardens and Court of Aflittants for the Time being of the Worfhipful Company of Cordwainers of the City of London, fliall be Commiflioners for putting this Aft into Execution.

Botchers* IV. And be it further enafted, That within Fourteen Days after the Company pafling of this Aft, and fo annually on theFirft Monday in May in every annually fucceeding Year, the Matter, Wardens and Court of Aflittants of the faid Commiffion- Worfhipful Company of Butchers, (hall, and they are hereby authorized cjk.	and required to aflemble at the Hall belonging to their faid Company,

or other their ufual place of Meeting, when, and where the faid Matter, Wardens and Court of Aflittants then prefenr, or the major Part of them, fhall nominate and appoint Seven Perfons to be, and aft as Commiflioners for putting this Aft into Execution for the Year then next enfuing, in conjunftion with the Perfons herein-before named, and their Succeffors, and other the Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Companies of Curriers and Cordwainers as herein is mentioned.

For Appoint, mentof Com-m ffioncr* in Default of Butchers’ Company appointing.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the Matter, Wardens, and Court of Aflittants of the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, fhall at any Time or Times hereafter negleft or omit at the Times herein-before direfted for that Purpofe, to nominate and appoint the full Number of Commiflioners direfted to be appointed by them, for carrying this Aft into Execution, then, and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful, to and for the faid Commiflioners herein-before named, or their Succeffors, within Fourteen Days after fuch Neglect or Omiflion, to nominate and appoint fuch Commiflioners, and the Commiflioners fo to be nominated and appointed are hereby vetted with the fame Powers and Authorities for the then enfuing Year, and fhall be fubject and liable to the fame Rules and Reftrictions in all Refpefts, as they would have been vetted with, and fubjeft and liable to, if they had ii	been

1295

4&°GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

been duly nominated and appointed by the faid Matter. Wardens and Court of Attiftants, of the faid Worttiipful Company of Butchers.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That within Fourteen Days after the Curriers’ patting of this Aft, and fo annually on the Firtt Monday in May in Company every fucceeding Year, the Matter, Wardens and Court of Attiftanrs of *p™*nty l° the faid Worttiipful Company of Curriers, (hall, and they are hereby Commiffioti-authorized and required, to attemble at the Hall belonging to their eri. faid Company, or other their ufual Place of Meeting, when and where the faid Matter, Wardens and Court of Afiittants then prefent, or the major Part of them, (hall nominate and appoint Seven Per Tons to be and aft as Commifiioners, for putting this Aft into Execution for the Year then nex‘ enfuing, in conjunftion with the Perfons hereinbefore named, and their Succettors, and other the Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worttiipful Companies of Butchers and Cord-wainers as herein is mentioned.

VII.	Provided alwavs, and be it further enafted, That if the Matter,War- For Appnint-

dens and Court of Attiftants of the faid Worttiipful Company of Curriers, finon" fhall at any Time or Times hereafter neglect or omit at the Times herein-	of	°

in-before direfted for that Purpofe, to nominate and appoint the full Cuviers’ Number of Commifiioners direfted to be appointed by them for carrying Company ap-this Aft into Execution, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall and may Poimin£‘

be lawful, to and for the Matter, Wardens and Court of Afiittants of the faid Worttiipful Company of Cordwainers, within Fourteen Days after fuch Neglect or Omifiion, to nominate and appoint fuch Commif-fioners ; and the Connr.ifiioners fo to be nominated and appointed, are hereby vetted with the fame Powers and Authorities for the then enfuing Year, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules and Reftriftions in allRefpefts as they would have been vetted with, and fubjeft and liable to, if they had been duly nominated and appointed, by the faid Matter,

Wardens and Court of Attiftants of the laid Worttiipful Company of Curriers.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That within Fourteen Days after the Cordwain-pafiing of this Aft, and fo annually, on the Firtt Monday in May, in cr*’ Comps-every fucceeding Year, the Matter, Wardens and Court of Attiftants of |b,aann“alIy the faid Worttiipful Company of Cordwainers (hall, and they are hereby CotniS'n-authorized and required to attemble at the Hall belonging to their faid ers. Company, or other their ufual Place of Meeting, when and where the

faid Matter, Wardens and Court of Attiftants then prefent, or the major Part of them, fiiall nominate and appoint Seven Perfons to be and act as Commifiioners for putting this Aft into Execution for the Year then next enluing, in conjunction with the Perfons herein-before-named, and their Succettors, and other the Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worttiipful Companies of Butchers and Curriers as herein is mentioned.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if the Matter, ForAppoint-Wardens and Court of Afiittants of the faid Worttiipful Company of msntofCom-Cordwainers fliall, at any Time or Times hereafter, negleft or omit at the Times herein-before-direfted for that Purpole, to nominate and ap- Cordwainers* point the full Number of Commifiioners, direfted to be appointed by Company

them appointing.

I2g6

4.S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

them for carrying this Afl: into Execution, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Mailer, Wardens and Court of Afliftants of the faid Worfhipful Company of Curriers, within Fourteen Days after fuch Negleft or Omiffion, to nominate and appoint fuch Commiflioners, and the Commilhoners fo to be nominated and appointed, are hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities for the then enfuing Year, and fhall be.fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules and Rellrictions in all Refpects, as they would have been veiled with, and fubject and liable to, if they had been duly nominated and appointed by the faid Mailer, Wardens and Court of Allillants of the laid Worlhipful Company of Cordwainers.

^oiT/nevv*5"	And	be	^urt^er	enafted,	That	in cafe of the Death of any

CommTffion- or e*ther of the Seven Commiflioners herein-before named, or of ers in che their Refufal to aft, or of their Neglect to act for the Space of Twelve Room of Months together, unlefs prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable named'com- Accident, h fhall be lawful for the furviving or remaining of fuch miffioners herein-before named Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, who may die at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, to nominate and appoint or decline one other Perfon to be a Commiflloner in the Room or Stead of each toat'' fuch named Commiflloner dying, refufing, or neglecting to aft as aforefaid ; and every Perfon who lhall be fo nominated and appointed is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules and Rellriftions, in all Refpefts, as the Com-miflioner in vvhofe Room or Stead he fhall be fo nominated and appointed, was veiled with, and fubjeft and liable to.

If nsmed Commiflioners make default. Butchers Company may appoint.

Power to appoint new Commiflioners in the Room of any or the Company’s Com-miffioners dying.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, that if the Commiflioners herein-before named, or their Succeflors for the Time being, lhall at any Time or Times hereafter, upon the Death or Refufal to act of any fuch Commiflloner, negleft or omit to nominate and appoint one other Commiflloner for carrying this Aft into Execution, in the Koom of the Commiflloner fo dying or refufing to aft, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Mailer, Wardens and Court of Af-fiflants of the faid Worlhipful Company of Butchers for the Time being, to give Fourteen Days* Notice of fuch Negleft or Omiflion, to the furviving or remaining acting Commiflioners; and in cafe a new Commiflloner lhall not be appointed within that Time, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mailer, Wardens and Court of Allillants of the faid Worlhipful Company of Butchers, to nominate and appoint a Commiflloner in the Room or Stead of fuch Commiflloner fo dying, or refufing to aft, and the Commiflloner fo to be nominated and appointed is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities, and lhall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules and Rellriclions, in all Refpefts, as he would have been veiled with, and fubjeft and liable to, if he had been duly nominated and appointed by the furviving or remaining Commiflioners appointed by this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe of the Death of any or either of the Commiflioners to be appointed by either ot the laid Vvor-Ihipful Companies, or of their Reiulal to aft, it lhall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Commilhoners appointed by the Company, by which fuch Commiflloner fo dying, or declining to aft, lhall have oeen

appointed.

1297

4S0 GEORGII III. Cup. 71.

appointed, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holJen for that Purpofe, to nominate and appoint one other Perfon to be a Gommiffioner in the Room or Stead of each fuch Commiflioner dying, or refuting to aft as aforefaid ; and every Perfon who Ihall be fo nominated and appointed, is hereby vetted with the fame Powers and Authorities for the Remainder of the then current Year, and fliall be fubjeft and liable to the lame Rules and Reftriftions, in all Refpefts as the Com-miffioner in whofe Room or Stead he fliall be fo nominated and appointed was vetted with, and fubjeft and liable to.

XIII. And be it further enafted, That each and every of the Paid Corn* Commiffoo-miffioners herein-before named, and their Succeffors, and each and erscoukean every of the Commitlioners to be appointed by or for the faid refpeftive 0ath* Companies, ihall before he begins to execute his faid Office, take an

Oath duly and faithfully to execute the fame ; which Oath ihall be in the following Words:

u T A. B. do fwear, (or being one of the people called Quakers^ do Commiffion-“ _L affirm), that I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, execute er’s °a£h-61 the feveral Powers and Trulls repofed in me by virtue of an Aft of “ Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Ma-“ jelly King George the Third, intituled, {here fet out the Title of this “ Ad'}, and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to <£ any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever.	“ So help me GOD/*

Which Oath any Two or more of the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to adminifter to each other, and they the faid Commiffioners are hereby alfo required and empowered to enter and keep a Memorandum or Memorandums thereof, figned by them refpectively, among their Acts, Orders, and Prpceedings relative to the Execution of this Act.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That no Aft of the faid Commiffion- No Aft to be ers Ihall be, or be deemed to be, good, valid, or effeftual, unlefs the valid unleis fame be done at fome Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, ^(o^held and that all the Powers and Authorities, by this Aft granted to the |"sp^ruea^e faid Commiffioners, Ihall and may be exercifed, from Time to Time, of this Aft. by the major P..rt of them who fliall be pre 'ent at any Meeting to be

holden in purfuance of this Aft, the Number of Commiffioners prefent at every l'uch Meeting not being lefs than Five ; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Commiffioners prefent at fuch their feveral Meetings fliall have the fame Force and Effect as it the fame were made or done by all fuch Commiffioners for the Time being ; and at every Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, a Chairman fhall and may be appointed, and l'uch Chairman fliall, at the joint Meetings of the faid Commiffioners, be alternately chofen from the Trade cf Butchers and the Leather Trade; and when and as often as it Ihall happen that there fliall be an Equality of Votes at any Meet- . mg upon any Queflion, (including the Vote of the Chairman,) then n and in every fuch Cafe it Ihall and may be lawful to and for fuch catUngVow. Chairman to gi.ve a fecond Vote, which fliall be the decifive or calling Vote.

[Loc, & Per ]	15	C	XV.	And

12g8

Firll Meeting of Commif-fioners.

No Order, to be revoked, unlefs at a Meeting for the Purpofe.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

Commif-(ioners to appoint Of-

remove

allow them Salaries (except Trea-furer).

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflioners fhall meet together at the New London Tavern Cheapfide in the City of London, on the Third Monday after the pafling of this Ad, between the Hours of Three and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, and fball proceed to the Execution of this Ad; and fhall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfelves, and meet at the Place aforefaid, or at any other Place or Places which fuch Commif-fioners (hall think proper or convenient for putting this Ad into Execution; and if it fhall happen that there (hall not appear at any fuch Meeting a fufficient Number of Commiflioners to ad, and to adjourn, then and as often as the Cafe fhall happen, the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint the faid Commiflioners to meet on that Day Week, at the fame Place at which fuch lafl Meeting was appointed to have been held.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or other Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Commiflioners, holden in purfuance of this Act, fliall be revoked or altered at any fubfequent Meeting, unlefs at a Meeting holden for that exprefs Purpofe, nor unlefs Notice, fpecifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, figned by the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, be given to each of the faid Commiflioners, or left at their refpedive ufual Places of Abode, at lead Three Days before fuch fubfequent Meeting, nor unlefs a greater Number of Commiflioners fhall be prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting, than were prefent at the Meeting when fuch Order, Appointment, or Proceeding was had or made; and a Majority of the Commiflioners prefent at fuch fubfequent Meeting fhall decide in favour of fuch Revocation or Alteration.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall caufe to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of ail fuch Commiflioners as fhall be prefent at their feveral Meetings; and all Entries in fuch Book or Books, being figned by the Chairman of the next Meeting, and Clerk, or either of them, fhall be deemed Originals, and fhall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Caufes, Suits, and Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in purfuance of this Act.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Act, to appoint one or more Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks, and any other Officer or Officers, as they fhall find neceffary and convenient, and fhall or may take Security from all fuch Perfons for the due Execution of their refpective Offices; and alfo fhall and may, from time to time, remove all, or any of the faid Officers, or other Perfons, and appoint others in the Room of fuch of them as fhall be fo removed, or that fhall die j and the faid Commiflioners fhall and may, out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Act, pay fuch Salaries, and make fuch other Allowances to fuch Officers, and other Perfons, fo to be appointed, or who fhall be anyways employed in the Execution of

this

1299

48° GEORGII III. Cap.71.

this Act, (except the Treafurer or Treafurers,) as they the faid Commif-fioners Hiall think fit.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Commif-contained fhall prevent any one or more of the Perfons hereinbefore {j°n*rs 0™n*^ appointed, or by the faid refpeftive Companies to be appointed, as Treafurer?. Commiflioners, or their Succeirors, from being appointed Treafurer or Treafurers under this Act, if the Majority of the Commiflioners prefent at any Meeting, to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, fhall think proper, to appoint any, or either of fuch Commiflioners, to be Treafurers or Treafurer.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of June next, the Owner of every Hide or Skin that fhall have been wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly, cut, or gafhed in the flaying thereof, fhall, on the lnfpeftion thereof, in Manner by this Act direfted, forfeit and pay for every Hide or Skin fo cut or gafhed, the feveral and refpective Fines and Penalties following, that is to fay, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, and not lefs than Sixpence, for the Raw Hide or Skin of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk, or Calf, which fhall be fo wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly cut or gafhed in the flaying thereof; aSum not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, nor lefs than Sixpence, for the Hide or Skin of every Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, which fhall be fo wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly cut or gafhed in the flaying thereof; a Sum not exceeding One Shilling, nor lefs than Threepence, for the Skin of every Hog or Pig, which fhall be fo wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly cut or gafhed in the flaying thereof; and the Sum of One halfpenny for the Skin of every Sheep, or Lamb, which fhall be fo wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly cut or gafhed in the flaying thereof.

If any Butcher, &c. (hall after 25th June i8c8, wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly ga(h any Hide or Skin, he (hall pay

Penalties.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in Penalties this Aft contained, fhall extend, or be deemed, taken, or conftrued to foV"' extend, fo as to impofe any Fine or Penalty on any Perfon or Perfons unavoidable whomfoever, for, or on account of any Hide or Skin that may be Damage, cut or gafhed, in the flaying thereof, if it fhall appear to the Infpeftor or Infpeftors, that due Care and Attention had been employed in the flaying of fuch Hide or Skin ; and it fhall be the Duty of fuch Infpec-tors refpeftively to hear the Parties, and any Witnefies that may be produced, refpefting the Care and Attention employed in the flaying of fuch Hide or Skin, and to examine and decide whether the Cut or Cuts, Gafh or Gafhes therein, was or were wilfully made, or had been occafioned, by Carelefsnefs or Negligence on the Part of the Flayer cr Flayers thereof; and if fuch Infpeftor or Infpeftors fhall be of Opinion, that any Cut or Cuts, Gafh or Gafhes, in any Hide or Skin, fhall not have happened wilfully, or through Negligence or Carelefsnefs, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Owner of fuch Hide or Skin fhall not be fubjeft or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for or on account thereof, any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife, notwithflanding.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all Raw Hides and Skins of Ox- All Hides end en, Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Steers, or Stirks, Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Calf ilkins Calves, Hogs or Pigs, which fhall be flayed within any Parifh or	Ve

Place the Royal

i30° Exchange to be brought to Leaden-hall.

Sheep and Lamb Skins to one of the three Skin Markets.

Penalty for not bringing any Hides, &c. to be infpeded.

Places and Hours of lnfpedion to be appointed for Places beyond Five Miles from the Royal Exchange, within Three Months after the paf-fing this Ad-Butchers at any Place within Fifteen Miles, may bring Hides, &c. to Leadenhall or other Markets on givingNotice. Eight In-fpedors to be annually appointed for Leadenhall;

4.S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

Place not exceeding Five Miles from the Royal Exchange of the City of London, fhall be brought for the Purpofe of being infpefted, examined, (tamped, and marked in Manner by this Act directed, to the Market of Leadenhall in the City of London, on the ufual Market Days there; and all Raw Skins of Sheep, or Lambs, which (hall be flayed within any Parifn or Place, not exceeding Five Miles from the Royal Exchange of the fat'd City of London, (hall be brought for the Purpofe of being infpefted, examined, (tamped, and marked as aforefaid, either to the Sheep-Skin Market at Wood’s Clofe, or to the Sheep-Skin Market in the Borough of Southwark, or to the Sheep-Skin Market in the Parifh of Saint Botolph, /ildgate, commonly called the Whitechapel Market, or to fuch other Market or Markets, Place or Places, as (hall at any Time hereafter be named and appointed for that Purpofe, in and by any Act of Parliament that may be hereafter made.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That if the Owner of any fuch Raw Hide or Skin, as aforefaid, fhall negleft or omit to bring, or caufe to be brought, any fuch Raw Hide or Skin, or Raw Hides or Skins, to the proper Market or Markets, Place or Places, as aforefaid, in order that the fame may be infpefted, examined, (tamped, and marked as aforefaid, according to the Provifions of this Aft, then, and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Hide or Skin a Suin not exceeding Five Pounds norlefs than Twenty Shillings.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That proper Places and convenient Days and Hours for the Infpeftion of all fuch Raw Hides and Skins as aforefaid, as fhall be flayed at any Place beyond the (aid Diftance of Five Miles, and within the faid Diftance of Fifteen Miles from the Royal Exchange of the faid City of London, (hall, within Three Months after the pafling of this Aft, be chofen, appointed, and fixed, according to the Provifions of the faid Two Afts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and in the Forty-firft Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty ; but neverthelefs it (hall and may be lawful for any Butcher or other Perfon flaying any fuch Hides or Skins at any Place or Parifti beyond the faid Diftance of Five Miles, and within the faid Diftance of Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the faid City of London, to bring any fuch Raw Hides or Skins 2s aforefaid, to fuch relpective Markets as are hereinbefore mentioned, upon giving One Week’s Notice of fuch his Intention, to the Infpeftor or Inlpeftors of the Diftrift or } lace from which fuch Raw Hides or Skins iha.il be fo refpecbvely brought as aforefaid.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That cn the Firft Monday in June in every Year, or within Fifteen Days after, Eight Perfons, who ihall respectively be of good Character, (hall be annually elected by the faid Commif-floners as Inlpeftors, to examine, infpect, (tamp, and mark all Raw Hides and Skins brought to the Market at Leadenhall, Four of which Infpeftors (hall be annually elefted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Wor(hipful Company of Butchers, in conjunction with the Seven Commiflioners hereinbefore named, or their Succeffors, other Two of which Infpeftors (hall be annually elefted by the Seven Perrons to be appointed by or for the faid WorfliipfulComp iy of Curriers, and the remaining Two of which Infpeftors (hall be annually elefted by the

Seven

1301

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 71.

Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Cordwainers; and that Two other Perfons, who (Irall refpedlivelv be of Two for good Character, fhall be annually eledled as Infpedtors, to examine, in- ^'ood>iJ fpedl, ft amp, and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs, to be brought Clole ; to the aforefaid Market at Wood's Clofe, One of which laft mentioned Infpedtors fhall be annually elected by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, in conjundlion with the Seven Commiftioners hereinbefore named, or their Succeffors, and the other of which laft mentioned Infpedtors fhall be annually elected by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Curriers, and by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Cordwainers alternately; and that Two other Perfons, who fhall refpedlively be of good Charadter, fhall be annually eledted as Two for Infpedtors, to examine, infpedt, ftamp, and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep Southwark; and Lambs, to be brought to the aforefaid Market in the Borough of Southwark, One of which laft mentioned Infpedtors fhall be annually eledted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, in conjundtion with the Seven Commiftioners hereinbefore namedj, or their Succeffors, and the other of which laft mentioned Infpedtors fhall be annually elected by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Curriers; and that Two other Per- and Two for fons, who fhall refpedtively be of good Character, fhall be annually eledt- Whitechapel, ed as Infpedtors, to examine, infpedt, ftamp, and mark all Raw Skins of Sheep and Lambs to be brought to the aforefaid Market at Whitechapel;

One of which laft mentioned Infpedtors fhall be annually eledted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, in conjundtion with the Seven Commiftioners hereinbefore named, or their Succeffors, and the other of which laft mentioned Infpedtor fhall be annually eledted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Cordwainers.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if it fhall hereafter P°we*’ to be found, that the Number of Infpectors hereinbefore mentioned is not dumber of fufficient for the Execution of this Act, at fuch refpective Markets, or inf™etfors, any or eithef of them, or if it fhall be found neceffary that Infpectors fhould anefmake* be appointed for any other Market or Markets, Place or Places, that ReSuia‘ may be named and appointed as aforefaid for the Infpedtion, examining, ^trtend jftamping, and marking of any Hides or Skins, that then, and in fuch ance ‘

Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiftioners to eledt fuch Number of additional Infpectors for any or either of fuch Markets and Places as may be neceffary; fo as that One-half of the Number of fuch additional Infpedtors be eledted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, in conjundtion with the Seven Commiftioners hereinbefore named, and the other Half of fuch Infpectors be eledted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhip-ful Company of Curriers, and the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Cordwainers, in the fame Proportions as are hereinbefore diredted; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the laid Commif-fioners to make fuch Orders and Regulations for the Conduct of all the faid Infpectors, with refpect to their Attendance at fuch Markets and Places alternately, or otherwife, as to the faid Commiftioners fhall feem meet and

Pr°P[L. Per.}	ijO	XXVII. And

1302

Infpe&ors touke an Oath.

Infpeftor’s

Oa;h.

Fees to be paid for In ■ fpeftion.

Power for Commiffioners to rncreafe Inserters’ Fees.

Not evceed-

48a GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted,That each and every Perfon wholhal! be appointed an Infpector of Hides and Skins by virtue of this Act, Ihall, before he begins to execute his faid Office, take an Oath, duly and faithfully, to execute the fame; which Oath Ihall be in the following Words:

“ T A. B. do fwear, (or being one of the People called Quakers do fo-“	^	lemnly affirm), That I will faithfully and diligently execute the

“ Office of Infpector of Hides and Skins, according to the true Intent and “ Meaning of an Act of Parliament paffed in the Forty-eighth Year “ of the Reign of His Majefly King George the Third, intituled An “ Act, \here fit firth the Title of this Aftf\ without Favour or Affection, “ Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon whomfoever.

“ So help me GOD.’’

Which Oath Ihall and may be adminifteted by the Lord Mayor, or by one of the Aldermen of the City of London ; and every fuch Infpector Ihall, with due Care and Attention, and with all reafonable and proper Difpatch, infpefl, examine, ffamp, and mark, in Manner by this Act directed, all Raw Hides and Skins which {hall be brought to fuch Markets and Places for which he fhall be acting as fuch Infpector, for the Pur-pofe of being infpected, examined, ftamped, and marked as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch Infpector (hall be entitled to demand and take for theinfpecting, examining, (lamping, and marking of the feveral and refpective Sorts of Raw Hides and Skins infpected,examined, (lamped, and marked by him, in purfuance of this Act, the feveral and refpective Sums following, and no more, (that is to fay :) For the Hide of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer or Stirk, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, the Sum of One Halfpenny ; and for the Skin of every Calf, Hog or Pig, the Sum of One Farthing ; and for every Score of Sheep or Lambs’ Skins the Sum of Three-pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number than a Score.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if at any Time or Times hereafter the Fees by this Act directed to be demanded for the inlpecting, examining, flamping, and marking of any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins at the faid refpective Markets and Places (hall, by the'faid Commiffioners, be deemed infufficient to ccmpenfate the faid refpective Infpectors for the neceffary Trouble and Labour attending fuch lnfpec-tion, F.xamination, (lamping, and marking as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to increafe the fame to the feveral and refpetlive Sums following, and no more; that is to fay, for the Hide or Skin of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer or Stirk, Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, any Sum not exceeding One Penny ; tor the Skin of every Calf, Hog, or Pig, any Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny ; and tor the Skin oi every Sheep or Lamb, any Sum not exceeding One Farthing ; and all fuch increafed Fees fhall and may thenceforth be demanded, taken, received, and recovered in like Manner as the othet Fees can or may be demanded, taken, received, and recovered by this Act.

XXX. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.	1303

XXX'. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whom - Penalty for foever, other than fuch Infpeftor or Infpeftors, or fome Perfon or imitating^ Perfons authorized by him or them in that Behalf, (hall damp or mark 5j^£lor 5 any Raw Hide or Skin with any Stamp or Mark, denoting that fuch Hide or Skin has been infpefted and examined according to the Provifions and Direftions in this Aft contained, then and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That each and every fuch Infpector

of Raw Hides and Skins, appointed under this Act, for the faid Market AUeadance. at Leadenhall, fhall regularly attend at the faid Market, on the ufual Market Days there, from the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Morning, until the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, from the Twenty-Fifth Day of March to the Twenty-Ninth Day of September in every Year, both Days inclufive ; and from the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Morning, until the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, from the Thirtieth Day of September to the Twenty-Fourth Day of March, both Days inclufive; and each and every fuch Infpector appointed for any other Market or Place, fhall attend at fuch Market or Place refpectively, on the refpective Market Days, and on fuch other Days, and for and during fuch Hours as fhall, from Time to Time, be fixed and appointed for that Purpofe, by the faid Commiffiontrs affembled at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft; and all fuch Infpectors as aforefaid, fhall refpectively ufe all due Diligence and Difpatch in the Exercife of their faid Offices as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That each and every fuch Infpector Infpeftors to of Raw Hides and Skins, appointed under this Act, fhall provide Two Prov,de different and diflinct Stamps or Marks, one with the Letter S thereon, for mL'kmg0* the Purpole of being impreffed on Hides and Skins that are not da- Hides, &c. maged in the flaying thereof, and the other with the Letter D thereon,

for the Purpofe of being impreffed on damaged Hides or Skins; and

with the firft of fuch Stamps or Marks, fuch Infpector fhall ftamp or

mark on or near the Tail, every Raw Hide or Skin that is not wilfully,

carelefsly, or negligently damaged in the flaying thereof; and with the

latter of fuch Stamps or Marks, fuch Infpeftor fhall ftamp or mark on

one of the Fore-fhanks thereof every Raw Hide or Skin that is wilfully,

carelefsly, or negligently damaged in the flaying thereof; and if the

Owner of any fuch damaged Hide or Skin, or the Perfon or Perfons If Penalty or

employed by or acting under the Authority of fuch Owner or Owners, Fee be not

and bringing fuch Hide or Skin to be infpefted, examined, ftamped, and ^ao/may

marked, as aforefaid, fhall refufe or negleft to pay, or caufe to be paid, feize the

the Penalty by this Act impofedfor the wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly Hid" and

cutting or gafhing of any Raw Hide or Skin in the flaying thereof, for or Notice of^*

on account of fuch damaged Hide or Skin ; or if the Owner or other Per- Appcal

fon or Perfons employed, bv,or acting under the Authorityof fuch Owner, be given,

and bringing any Hide or Skin to be infpefted, examined, ftamped or

marked as aforefaid, fhall refufe or neglect to pay, or caufe to be paid,

the feveral Sums of Money herein allowed to be demanded and taken

for infpecting and examining, ftamping and marking Raw Hides or Skins,

for or on account of every Hide or Skin fo infpefted, examined, ftamped,

and marked, then and in every fuch Cafe :t fhall be lawful for the Infpector

or

f. 304.

400 GEORGi 1 III. Cap. 71.

or Ififpectars, who (hall infpeft, examine, (lamp, or mark any fucll* Hide or Skin, forthwith to feize and detain every luch Raw Hide or Skin as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Penalty, and fuch Fees refpeftively as afore-aid, or either of them, (hall not be paid within Forty Eight Hours after fuch Seizure and Detention as aforefaid, (fave and except the Owner of fuch Hide or Skin, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Hide or Skin, or Hides or Skins, (hall belong, or fome Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, (hall give Notice, of his, her, or their Intention to appeal to the Arbitrators to be appointed in purfuance of this Act,) it (hall be lawful for fuch Infpector or Infpectors to fell the faid Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or caufe the fame to be fold, and to retain the Penalty or Penalties by this Act impofed, and fuch Fees as aforefaid, and all reafonable Charges and Expences incurred in the (dicing, detaining and felling fuch Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, and the Overplus, (if any,) (hall be returned to the Owner of fuch Hide or Elides, Skin or Skins, or other Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins (hall have belonged as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That on the Firfl: Monday in June in every Year, or within Fifteen Days after, the faid Commiffioners hereinbefore appointed, (hall nominate and eleft Two Perfons, who (hall be refpeftively of good Character, to be and aft as Arbitrators in cafe of any Differences arifing at the faid Market of Leadenball upon the Infpeftion and Examination of any Hides or Skins which may be brought to fuch Market to be infpefted, examined, (lamped, and marked as aforefaid ; One of which faid Arbitrators (hall be annually nominated and elefted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worlhipful Company of Butchers in conjunftion with the Seven Com-miffioners hereinbefore named, or their Succeffors ; and the other of which faid Arbitrators (hall be annually nominated and elefted by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worlhipful Company of Curriers, in conjunftion with the SevenPerfons to be appointed by or for the fatdWorlhipful Company of Cordwainers; and each ofthe Arbitrators to be appointed by virtue of this Act, (hall, before he begins to execute his Office, take an Oath to do Juftice between all Parties, in all Differences which may be referred to them by virtue of this Act, which Oath (hall and may be adminiftered by the Lord Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and (hall be ill the following Words:

“ T A. B. do fwear, (or being one of the People called Quakers do “ -1 folemnly affirm) That I will faithfully and diligently execute “ the Duty of an Arbitrator, repofed in me by virtue of an Aft of Para “ liament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majefty “ King George the Third, intituled, [here infert the Title of this A£l j “ without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or « Perfons whomfoever.

“ So help me GOD.”

Hours of And the faid Arbitrators ffiall regularly attend at the faid Market of their Atten- Leadenball, on the ufual Market Day there, from the Hour of One da,M- of the Clock in the Afternoon, until the Clofe of the Market upon each Market Day, or upon fuch other Days, and for and during fuch

Hours

Arbitrators'

Oarh.

pointed to Leadenball.

Arbitrators ro cake an Oath.

r3°S

Appeal from the Determination of the Infpectore to fuch Arbitra-

48* GEORGII III. Cap.-ji.

Hours as fliall from Time to Time be fixed for that Purpofe, by the faid Commiffioners herein-before appointed, aflembled at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Act.

XXXIV.	And belt further ena&ed, That if the Owner or Owners of any Hide or Skin, which {hall be brought to the faid Tvlarket of LeadenbalU to be infpeCted, examined, ftamped and marked as aforefaid, or any Perfon or Perfons employed by fuch Owner or Owners, fliall think him-felf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch InfpeCtor or Infpectors, having marked any Hide or Skin with the Letter D as damaged, then and in fuch Cafe it fliall and may be lawful for fuch Owner or Owners, or other Perfon or Perfons, to appeal to the Arbitrators hereinbefore directed to be appointed, and thereupon fuch Arbitrators (hall infpeft the Hide or Skin in queflion, and hear the Parties and any Witnefs or Witneflcs that may have been produced before the InfpeCtors refpe&ing the Care and Attention employed in the flaying of fuch Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, which may have been fo marked by the faid Infpector or Infpect-ors, as damaged; and thereupon the faid Arbitrators (hall determine whether the Hide or Skin in difpute, ought to have been, marked as damaged, and whether the faid Infpector or Infpectors ought to have demanded or levied the whole or any and what Penalty or Forfeiture in refpect of fuch Hide or Skin; and the Decifion of fuch Arbitrators (hall be binding and conclufive on all the Parties interefted in fuch Difference or Difpute ; and the Party or Parties againfl whom fuch Decifion (hall be given, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings nor Iefs than Two Shillings and Sixpence for every fuch Hide or Skin, upon which an Appeal fliall fo have been made to the faid Arbitrators ; and all and every fuch Fine and Fines (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Commiffioners, for the Purpofes of this Act.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Diflre* Arbitra-rence of Opinion (hall at any Time or Times hereafter happen to arife ^lfrer m between the faid Arbitrators, herein-before directed to be appointed, in th«y are'to refpect of any Hide or Skin upon which any Appeal may have been callinathird made to them as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch Cafe, it (hall and Perfon. may be lawful to and for the faid Arbitrators, and they are hereby required, immediately upon fuch Difference of Opinion arifing, to nominate and appoint One other Perfon, to whom fuch Difference of Opinion between the faid Arbitrators (hall be referred, and fuch third Perfon

{hall thereupon infpeCt the Hide or Skin in queftion, and in conjunction with the faid Arbitrators (hall and may hear the Parties and their Witnef-fes, as is herein-before directed ; and the Decifion cf the faid Arbitrators, and other Perfon fo to be appointed as aforefaid;, or Two of them, thereon, {hall be as binding and conclufive on all the Parties interefted in the Difference which fhall have been fo referred, as the Decifion of the faid Two Arbitrators would have been, in cafe they had not differed in Opinion concerning the fame ; and the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Decifion fhall be given, {hall forfeit and pay fuch Sum as is hereinbefore mentioned in that behalf.

XXXVI.	Provided always and be it further enaCIed, That if at any Time Arbitrators hereafter the faid Commiffioners fhall think it neceflary for the more maybenp-

[Lec. Per,] .	15 E	juft

Arbitrators’ Decifion to be final.

Party againft whom luch Appeal (hall be determin-

ed t Fine.

pay *

>3°6	48”	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	71.

theShef0r	^xecut*on °f this Aft, that Arbitrators Ihould be appointed to at-

Skin Mar- ten^ at anY or e*ther of the faid Sheep Skin Markets at Wood's Clofe% lefts, if found at Southwark, or at Whitechapel, or at any other Market or Markets, heccfory. Place or Places, that may be named and appointed as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commit-fioners to elett fuch Number of Arbitrators for all or any or either of fuch Markets and Places as may, in the Judgment of the faid Commrf-fioners be necefiary, fo as that One Half of the Number of fuch Arbitrators be elected by the SevenPerfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, in conjun&ion with the Seven Commiffioners hereinbefore named ; and the other Half of fuch Arbitrators be elected by the Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Curriers; and Seven Perfons to be appointed by or for the faid Worfhipful Company of Cordwainers, in the fame Proportions as are herein-before directed; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to make fuch Orders and Regulations for the Conductof the faid Arbitrators, with refpect to their Attendance at fuch Markets and Places alternately or otherwife, and for the Regulation of their Conduct while there, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem meet and proper ; and from and after the Election or Appointment of any fuch Arbitrators, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners of any Sheep or Lamb Skin that fhall be brought to either of the faid Sheep Skin Markets, for which fuch Arbitrators may have been appointed, to be infpeCled, examined, damped, and marked as aforefaid, or any Perfon or Perfons employed by fuch Owner or Owners to appeal from the Decifion of any Infpe&or or Infpeclors, unto fuch Arbitrators that may fo have been appointed, and fuch Arbitrators fhall infpeft the Skin in queftion, and hear the Parties and their Witnelfes, and determine relative to the Matter of fuch Appeal, in the fame Manner as the Arbitrators herein-before directed to be appointed for the faid Market at Lea-denball are authorized and required to do ; and the faid Arbitrators that may be fo elected or appointed, fhall have the fame Power to nominate and appoint a Third Perfon to decide any Difference of Opinion that may arife between fuch Arbitrators, relative to any Skin upon which fuch Arbitrators may be called to decide, as is herein before given to the Arbitrators hereinbefore directed to be appointed for the faid Market at Leadenhall.

If Infpectors or Arbitrators fhali ethers to be appointed.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon not minated and elected an Infpector or an Arbitrator, in purfuance of the Directions of this Act, fhall die, refufc, neglect, or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, after any fuch annual Election, and before the enfuing annual Election of Infpectors or Arbitrators as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhail and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners by whom fuch Infpector or Arbitrator fo dying, re-fufing, neglecting, or becoming incapable to act, fhall have been appointed, to nominate and elect another Perfon to be an Infpector or an Arbitrator, in the room or ftead of fuch Infpector or Arbitrator fo dying, refufing, neglecting, or becoming incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, and fo from Time to Time as often as fuch Cafe fhall happen; and every Infpector or Arbitrator fo nominated and elected, fhall, after taking the Oath preferibed by this Act to be taken by Infpectors or Aroitrators, as the Cafe may happen to be, have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubject to fuch and the like Rules, Regulations.

i3°7

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

tions, and Penalties, and (hall go out of Office at the fame Time, as if he had been nominated and elected at fuch annual Election.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if the Com- JaDefeuIt of miffioners herein-before authorized and required by this Act to choofe and ^n^of fn-appoint any Infpector or Infpectors, Arbitrator or Arbitrators, (hall neglect Rectors or fo to do within the Time fpecified by this Act, or in cafe of the Death or Arbitrators Refufal to act, of any one or more of fuch Infpectors or Arbitrators fo appointed, fhall neglect to appoint another or others, in the Place of herein direct-any one or more of fuch Infpectors or Arbitrators fo dying or refuting to ed, other act, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for Commifiion-any Seven of the Commifiioners acting under this Act to give Notice to ers. majr aP' the Commifiioners fo neglecting to appoint fuch Infpector or Infpectors, t'oinc*

or Arbitrator or Arbitrators, as aforefaid, of fuch their Neglect; and at the Expiration of Seven Days afcer fuch Notice, if fuch Infpector or Infpectors, or Arbitrator or Arbitrators, fhall not in the mean Time have been appointed, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners fo giving fuch Notice to appoint fuch Infpector or Infpectors, or Arbitrator or Arbitrators, as aforefaid ; and every Infpector or Arbitrator fo nominated and elected, fhall after taking the Oath preferred by this Act to be taken, by Infpectors or Arbitrators as the Cafe may happen to be, have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubject to fuch and the like Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, and fhall go out of Office at the fame Time, as if he had been nomi- ’ nated and elected by the Commifiioners vvhofe Duty it was to have nominated and elected fuch Infpector or Arbitrator.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid feveral and refpective Infpeflors to Infpectors to be appointed as aforefaid for each of fuch Markets, fhall keep keep Ac-true and perfect Accounts of all Sums of Money received by them refpec- counls* tively, for Fines and Penalties levied under this Act, diflinguifhing in

fuch Accounts, the Names of the Perfons by or upon whom fuch Fines and Penalties have been paid or levied ; and for that Purpofe the faid Infpectors fhall keep Books, and enter the fame therein, which Books (hall, upon all Market Days be kept by the faid refpective Infpectors, at Offices or Places to be appointed by the faid Commifiioners for that Purpofe, in or near to each of fuch Markets and Places; and fuch Books fhall be open to public Infpection on every Market Day of fuch Markets refpeclively, during the Hours of Market, without Fee or Reward; and immediately after the Clofe of every fuch Market, fuch Books fhall be depofited and kept in fuch Place and Places, and with fuch Perfon and Perfons as the faid Commifiioners fhall appoint.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the Sums of Money Application relpectively received by the feveral Infpectors for Fees at each of fuch re- of Fees and fpective Markets and Places as aforefaid, fhall be weekly put together Fines* into one Sum; and the Sum ot Money received at each of fuch Markets for fuch Fees, together with the One Half Part.of all Fines and Penalties, to be received and levied at each of fuch Markets, by the Infpectors acting at the faid feveral Markets, for the wilfully, care-lefsly, or negligently damaging of any Raw Hide or Skin, in the flaying thereof, fhall be equally divided by and between the refpective Infpectors acting for the faid refpe&ive Markets and Places where the lame fhali have been received, and that the remaining

Half

1308

Fines to be applied in Payment of the Iixpences of carrying into Execuiion.

Commif-

fioners may diredl Re. wards to be

ieg Botchers for taking off

Hides, See. well.

Treafurer to keep an ■Account.

Sorplus of Monies re-ceived by

to be paid as follows : One-4tb to the Mailer

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7t.

Half Part of all fuch Fines and Penalties, to be received and levied at each of fuch Markets by the faid Infpeftors afting at, the faid Markets refpectively, together with the whole of all other Fines and Penalties levied under this Aft in refpect of any Matter or Thing arifing at either of fuch Markets and Places refpeftively, or received or levied from or upon any Perfon or Perfons bringing any Raw Hides or Skins to either of fuch Markets and Places refpeftively to be infpected, examined; ftamped, and marked under this Aft, fliall be weekly paid by the faid feveral Infpectors, or other Perfons receiving the fame, to the Treafurer or Treafurers to be appointed by the faid Commifiioners as aforefaid.

XLT. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That all fuch Sum and Sums of Money, as fliall be received by the Treafurer or Trea-furers herein directed to be appointed of and from the faid refpective Infpectors, or of and from any other Perfon or Perfons for Fines and Penalties under this Act, fliall, in the firft Place, be appropriated to defray the feveral Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into execution, and fubject thereto, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to apply any Sum not exceeding in the whole One Moiety of the Money which fliall remain in the Hands of the faid Treafurer or Treafurers, after defraying the Charges and Expences of carrying this Aft into Execution as aforefaid, in rewarding Workmen for taking off Hides and Skins well, and for that Purpofe to direft the faid Treafurer or Treafurers to pay to any Perfon or Perfons, who fliall be engaged as a Workman or Workmen, in the flaying of any	Oxen, Bulls, Cows, Heifers, Steers, Stirks, Horfes,

Mares, Geldings, Calves, Hogs, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum or Sums of Money, which the faid Commiflioners may think fit to award to any fuch Workman or Workmen, as a Reward or Rewards for the well flaying of any Cattle or Bead, in the flaying whereof any fuch Workman or Workmen may have been employed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Commiflioners, fliall, and he or they is, and are hereby required, upon the Thirty-firft Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Thirty-firft Day of December in every Year, or within Fifteen Days after each of fuch Times] to make out an Account in Writing, to be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, of all Sum and Sums of Money, which fliall or may have been received from fuch Infpector or Infpectors as aforefaid, or from any other Perfon or Perfons, on account of any Fines and Penalties by this Act impofed, and alfo an Account of ail Sum and Sums of Money, which lhall or may have been paid by any fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, for carrying this Act into execution, or as Rewards to any Workman or Workmen for the well flaying of any Cattle or Beaft as aforefaid; and the Balance of all fuch Monies as fliall remain in the Hands of any luch Treafurer or Treafurers at the End of the preceding Quarter of a Year, after the making fuch Payments as aforefaid, lhall be dif-pofed of in Manner following, that is to fay, one Fourth Part of fuch Balance fhall be paid to the Mafter of the Worlhipful Company of Butchers of the City .of London, one other Fourth Part of fuch

Balance

4b° GEORGII III. Cap. y r.

Balance (hall be paid to the Matter of the Worfhipful Company of Curriers of the faid City of London, one other Fourth Part of fuch Balance (hall be paid to the Matter of the Worfhipful Company of Cord-wainers of the faid City of London, and the remaining Fourth Part of fuch Balance fhall be paid to the Seven Commiffioners hereinbefore named, or to fome Perfon to be nominated and appointed by them to receive the fame; and the feveral Sums of Money which (hall be fo paid to the ref-pe&ive Matters of the faid feveral Companies as aforefaid, fhall be by them applied to and for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Companies ref-pectively, in fuch Manner as fhall be directed concerning the fame by the Matter, Wardens and Court of Aflittants of the faid feveral Companies refpectively, and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever j and the Sum of Money which fhall be fo paid to the Seven Commiffion-ers hereinbefore named, or to the Perfon to be nominated and appointed by them to receive the fame, fhall be by them or him, applied to and for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Trade of Butchers, not being Freemen of the faid Worfhipful Company of Butchers, in fuch Manner as fhall be directed concerning the fame by the Seven Commifikmers hereinbefore named, or their Succeffors, and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever.

XL1II. And be It further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, at any Time wilfully impede, hinder, or obftruct any fuch Infpector or Inspectors as aforefaid, in the due Difcharge of his or their Office, by any Hindrance, Moleftation, or Obttruction whatfoever, and fhall thereof be convicted before any Magittrate or Juttice of the Peace, then, and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefs than Ten Shillings, at the Difcretion of any fuch Juttice of the Peace or Magittrate.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall offer any Bribe, or other Fee or Reward to any fuch Infpector or Infpectors as aforefaid, or if any fuch Infpector fhall receive directly or indirectly, any Bribe or Fee for the Purpofe of inducing him to neglect or omit to infpect any Hide or Skin, or for ftamping or marking the fame with an S inftead of a D, or for fhewing any Favour or Affection in the Exercifeof his faid Office, then, and in every luch Cafe, the Perfon or Perfons fo offering, and the Infpector or Infpectors fo taking or accepting fuch Fee or Bribe, fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings ; and every Infpector fo offending fhall be forthwith difcharged from his faid Office, and be deemed incapable of ferving fuch Office again.

XLV. And be it further enafted. That every Salefman of Raw Hides or Skins, or other Perfon felling Raw Hides or Skins, fhall, in all Accounts of the Sale of Hides or Skins by him delivered or given to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Hides or Skins fhall belong, or for whom they fhall be fold, fpecify the Number and Amount of the Fines that fhall hare been impofed and paid in refpeft of any fuch Raw Hides or Skins $ and every fuch Salefman or other Perfon who fhall in any fuch Account neglett or [Loc. & Per.]	15 F	refufe

I3°9

of the Butchers Company,

One-4th to the Mailer cf the Currier* Company, One-4th to the Mailer of the Cord-wainers Company, One-4th 10 the 7 Commiffioners he rein-before named.

Application

thereof.

Perfons impeding In-fpedlors to be liable to a Penalty.

Tnfpeflors

taking, and Perlors offering Bribe* liable to a Penalty.

Salefman t« deliver an Account of Fines im-pofed.

1310

Workmen or Servants pafliing Hides, &c. J-able to

had to their Principal.

yelled to ul Difpatch, c may be difcharged.

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 71.

tefufe to fpecify the Number and Amount of fuch Fines, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Butcher, or other Perfon, who fhall pay anv Fine under this Ad, for, or in refped of any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly damaged in the flaying thereof, by his, her, or their Servant or Workman, fhall give Notice to fuch Servant, within Seven Days after the Payment of fuch Fine, of his or her Intention to recover the fame, and fhall proceed fo to do within Seven Days after fuch Notice, then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Servant or Workman, fhall return and reimburfe to the Butcher, or other Perfon or Perfons fo fined, for or in refped of the Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, fo wilfully, negligently, or carelefsly damaged by fuch Servant or Workman, in the flaying thereof, as aforefaid, one Moiety of fuch Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties; and in cafe of Non payment thereof, on Demand made by fuch Butcher or other Perfon or Perfons, from fuch Servant or other Workman, and Oath made by fuch Butcher, or other Perlon er Perfons, of the Payment made by him or her of fuch Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, and that the fame hath nor, or have not been repaid to him or her, by fuch Servant or Workman, although demanded, (fuch Oath to be made before any One of His Majefly’s Jultices of the Peace for the Countv, City or Place where fuch Workman or Servant fhall be or refide,) fuch Moiety of fuch Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, fhall and may be levied and recovered in fuch and the like Manner, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture can, or may be levied or recovered, by virtue of this Ad, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juflice.

XLVII. And be it further enaded, That when any Complaint fhall be made to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Commiflioners, by any Perfon or Perfons interefled,or dealing in any Raw Hides or Skins, of any Mifcondud or Negled of Duty of any Infpedor or Arbitrator, appointed under this Act, or of any Refufal or Neglect of any Inlpector to attend with all reafonable Diligence and Difpatch on any Perfon or Perfons offering any Raw Hide or Skin for Inipection as aforefaid, or of any Arbitrator, in not attending any Arbitration, and due Proof fhall be made thereof to the Satisfaction of fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, that then, and in fuch Cafe, it fhall be lawful for fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, and he or they is and are hereby required to call, or authorize the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, to call a Meeting of the Commiflioners, by whom fuch Infpedor or Arbitrator lhall have been appointed, within Seven Days after fuch Complaint fhall have been fo made to the faid Treafurer or Treafurers; and fuch Complaint fhall, at fuch Meeting of fuch Commiflioners, or at fome fucceeding Meeting, bn heard and determined; and if, upon invefligating fuch Complainr, it fhall appear to the CommiiTioners allembled at fuch Meeting, that fuch Infpector or Arbitrator has acted improperly, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Commiflioners to difcharge fuch Infpector, or Arbitrator, or to fine any fuch Infpector or Arbitrator, in any Sum not exceeding FivePounds nor lefs than Ten Shillings* and in cafe of the Difcharge of fuch Infpedor or Arbitrator, fuch Commiflioners fhall within Seven Days after he fhall be fo difcharged, proceed to the Appointment of another Infpedor or Arbitrator tofupply fuch Vacancy.

XLVIII. And

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 71.	ijrt

XLVIIT. And be !t Further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall within Five Miles of the Royal Exchange aforefaid, offer any Hide or Skin rilped Un" for Sale, or fhall fell the fame, not having been infpefted, examined, Hides, &c. (tamped, and marked as by this Aft direfted, or if any Perfon or Per- liable -o fons fhall purchafeany Hide or Skin other than and except at a public Mar- a Penalty, ket, which fhall not have been infpefted, examined, ftamped, and marked as by this Aft direfted, then, and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding!’wenty Shillings, nor lefs than Five Shillings; for the Hide or Skin of every Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, or Stirk, Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, any Sum nor exceeding Five Shillings, nor lefs than One Shilling; for the Skin of every Calf, flog, or Pig, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling, nor lefs than Sixpence, for every Sheep or Lamb’s Skin fo fold or offered for Sale, or fo purchafed as aforefaid.

XL1X. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfei- Penalties tures-by this Aft impofed, (the Manner of levying and recovering' whereof bow to be is not hereby otherwife direfted,) (hall be levied and recovered before recoverecI* any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, and fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before him or them fuch Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place which (hall be in fuch Summons or Warrant fpecified; and if on the Conviftion of the Offender or Offenders refpeftively, either on his, her, or their Confeflion, or on the Evidence of any one or more credible Witneffes or Witnefs upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is. and are hereby empowered toadminifter,) fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, the fame fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, bv Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and the Overplus, (if any,) raifed by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, dedufting the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of making fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained ; and for want of fufficient Diftrefs, or in cafe the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful to and Ibr juch Juftice or Juftices to commit every fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common GaoL or Houfe of Correction for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence (hall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month unlefs fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied ; and all fuch Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid, (if not otherwife direfted by this Aft to be applied,) (hall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Commiffioners, for the Purpoles of this Aft.

L. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for Appeal to any Perfon or Perfons fo convifted by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace Qua ter as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences agair.lt this Aft, to appeal Se&on* to the Juftices of the Peace affembled, at the next General Quarter Sefiions, or General Sefiions to be holden. for the County, City, or Place, where fuch Conviftion fiiall be made ; and fuch Juftices in fuch General

Quarter

13H	48° GEORGII III. Cafi.yi.

Quarter Seflions, or General Seflions, fhall hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal, and may either confirm or quafh and annul the faid Conviftion, and award fuch Cofts to either Party, as to them the faid Juftices (hall feem juft and reafonable j and the Decifion of the faid Juftice3 therein fhall be final, binding, and conclufive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in purfuance of this Act, fhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft* minjler or elfewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife noxwithftanding.

Juffices	LI. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and

In n Wi*	^0T an7	Ja^*ce or Juftices of the Peace, before whom any fuch Fines,

ncffef' U*	Penalties, or Forfeitures fhall befued for, tofummon before him or them

any Ferfon or Perfons who fhall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them. or otherwife, appear to be a neceffary Witnels as to the M tters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at aTime and Place to be fpecified in theSummon?; and, in cafe fuch Perfon fo fuinmoned, fhall not appear according to fuch Summons, then, upon due i roof of theService of luch Summons, fuch Perfon fo fummoned and not appearing in compliance therewith, fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ] en Founds, to be levied and recovered in fuch Manner, and by fuchWays and Means as is herein directed as to other Penalties ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices, and to be brought before him or them j and thereupon, whether fuch Perfon fhall appear upon Summons as aforeiaid, o: fhall be apprehended as aforeiaid, luch Juftice or Juftices fhall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath, as to the Matter of fuch Complaint or Information ; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhall refufe to be fworn or to anfwer, or to give Evidence therein, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Perfon Or Perfons fo refufing to be fworn, or to anfwer, or to give Evidence as aforefaid, to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, of the City, County, or Place in, or for which fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall then aft, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

Penalty on LII. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon Perfons gu - his, her, or their Examination, upon Oath before any Juftice or Juftices ty of Perjury. Qf the Peace, afting in Execution of this Act, fhall wilfully and corruptly, give falfe Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating fo this Act, every fuch Perfon, fo offending, and being duly con-vifted thereof, fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, fubjeft and liable to fuch Fains and Penalties as by any Law in Force and Effeft, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

Informations L1II. And be it further enacted, That every Information, for any Offence to be made committed againft this Act, fhall be laid before One or more Juftice v^ithin Seven or juftiCes of the Peace, for the ^ County, City, or Place where the Of-DayI* fence fhall have been committed, within Seven Days after the

faid

480 GEORGII III. .Cap. ?t.	*3>3

Taid Offence has been committed, and that othetwife fuch Information fhall be of none Effect.

LIV. And for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders againfl this Act, be it further enacted. That every Juflice of the Peace before whom any Perfon (hall be convided of any Offence againfl this Act, fhall and may caiife the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form following : that is to fay.

To wit. “ DE it remembered, that on the	Day	of	Form of

“ ^	in	the	Year	A.	B.	was upon Conviflion,

<c the Complaint of C. D. convicted before,	of	the Juf-

“ tices of the Peace for the

46 (here fpecify the Offence, and the Tifne and Place when and where “ committed) (as the Cafe (hall happen to be) contrary to the Provifions of <£ an Act paffed in the Forty*eighth Year of the Reign of His Ma-<6 jelly King George the Third, intituled, (here infert the Title of this t{ Act). Given under	Hand	and	Seal,	the	Day	and Year

“ above written.”

And fuch Conviction fhall be certified to the next General Quarter Conviction Seffions of the Peace, there to be filed amongfl the Records of the 10 be fiIed* County, City, or Place.

LV. Provided always,That no Adion or Suit fhall be commenced againfl: Plaintiffs not any Perfon or Perfons ading under or in purfuance of this Ad, until after lender of Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Perfon or Perfons againfl whom Amends be fuch Adion or Suit fhall be intended to be commenced ; nor fhall any made. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any Adion for any Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of fufficient Amends fhall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who fhall have committed, or caufed to be committed, every or any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceeding, before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Adion, if he, fhe, or they fhall fo think fit, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they fhall fee fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings or Order and Judgment fhall be made or given in or by fuch Court as in other Adions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That every Adion or Suit,' that fhall Limitation be brought or commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing of Addons.-done in purfuance of this Ad, fhall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed and not afterwards, and fhall be laid •and brought in the City or County where the Caufe of Adion fhall arife, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or General Suit may plead the General Iffue and give this Act and the Special lffue* Matter, in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad, and if it fhall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, than where the Caufe of Adion fhall have arifen, that then, and in fuch Cafe, the Jury [Loc. & Per.~\	i$G	fhall



Treble Cofts.

Public Aft.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their Action or A&ions, or if a Verdict fhall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall have and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts ofSuit in other Cafes by Law.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 72.

An Aft for veiling detached Parts of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs; and for fubftituting and fettling other Eftates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the faid Settled Eftates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame.

[27th May 1808.]

"IT THERE AS by Indenture bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of Indenture V/^/ December, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and ▼ ▼ made between the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, his Wife, of the one Part, and Samuel Eliot the elder of the Ifland of Antigua, in the Weft Indies, Efquire,

Lome Time fince deceafed, and Samuel Eliot the younger, then refioing at Exmouth, in the County of Devon, and now of Udlingion, in the County of Salop, Efquire, eldefl Son and Heir of the faid Samuel Eliot the eider, of the other Part; and by virtue of a Fine fur conuzance de droit come ceo9 &c. levied in purfuance thereof in or as of Michaelmas Term, One thou* fand feven hundred and ninety-two, the Hereditaments and PremifeS mentioned and defcribed in the Firft Schedule annexed to this prefent Att,

[Loc. & Per.^	15 H	were

131B	48*	GEOR	GII III. Cap. 72:

were fettled and limited, and do now ft and fettled and limited together with divers other Hereditaments and Premifes, fituate in the County of Kent, in the faid Indenture defcribed and therein mentioned to be together of the yearly value pf Two thoufand five hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, to the ufe of the faid Samuel Eliot the elder, and Samuel Eliot the younger, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, to commence immediately without Impeachment of Wade upon Truft, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to raife and pay into the proper Hands of the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, or as Ihe ftiould direft, one Annuity or yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds during the joint Lives of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer for the foie and feparate Ufe of the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, and after the Determination of the faid'Term of Ninety nine Years, and in the mean Time fubjed thereto to the. Ufe of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer during his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte, with Remainder to the faid Samuel Eliot the elder, and Samuel Eliot the younger, and their Heirs, during his Life, in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders; and from and after the Deceafe of the laid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, to the Ufe, Intent, and Purpofe, that the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer and her Afligns, (in cafe Ihe furvived the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer) ftiould have and receive during her Life, an Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of One thoufand Pounds, clear of all Taxes, to be iffuing and payable out of all the faid Premifes, by Quarterly Payments, with ufual Powers of Entry and Dif-trefs, and Perception of Rents and Profits in cafe of Non-payment thereof; and as to all the faid Hereditaments and Premifes from and after the Deceafe of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and fubjeft to the faid Annuity of One thoufand Pounds, and the Powers and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment thereof, to the Ufe of the firft and other Son and Sons of the Body of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer by the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, feverally and fucceffively according to Seniority, in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, his Heirs, and Alligns for ever ; and it was thereby provided, declared, and agreed, that it ftiould and might be lawful to and for the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, from Time to Time during his Life, to demife or leafe all or any Part or Parcel of the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, thereby granted and releafed to any Peifon or Perfons in Pofieffion and not in Reverfion for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the bell and moll improved yearly Rent, that could be got for the fame without taking any Fine or Fore-gift for the making or granting any futh Demife or Leafe, and under fuch other Reftri&ions as are therein contained : And it was thereby alfo provided and agreed that for the Purpofe of making any Pro-vifions for the Daughters, and younger Sons of the faid Thomas Lord L<r Defpencer, by the laid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, his Wife, it ftiould and might be lawful to and for the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, by any Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, and attefted by Three credible Witnefles to revoke and make void all and every or any the Ufe and Ufe.«, Eftat£ and Eftates, in and by the faid Indenture limited and declared of. and in the faid MelTua'ges, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Jfcemifes, or of and in any Part or Parcel thereof, other than and except the faid Ufes and Provifions for the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, and the Securities and Remedies for the faid Annual Sums, or Yearly Rent Charges of Two hundred Pounds and One thoufand Pounds, and by the

-* fame

1319

48uGEORGII III. Cap. 72.

fame Deed or Writing to be fo figned, fealed, and attefted as afbrcfaid, to declare, limit, or appoint any other Ufe or Ufes, Eftate or Eftates, of or in the fame Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes, for the Purpofe of making any Provifions for fuch Daughters and younger Sons of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer by the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer his Wife, as he the laid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer Ihould think fit; and Ihould by fuch Deed or Writing declare, limit, or appoint; fubjed never*, thelefs and without Prejudice to the faid Annual Sums, or Yearly Rent Charges of Two hundred Pounds and One thoufand Pounds, and the Securities and Remedies for the fame refpedively: And whereas the faid Samuel Eliot the elder departed this Life in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and five, leaving the faid Samuel Eliot the younger, him furvi-ving : And whereas the Hereditaments and Premifes mentioned and comprized in the Firft Schedule annexed to this prefent Aft, being Part and Parcel of the faid fettled Eftates, lie detached and at a confiderable Dif-tance from Mereworth Caftle, in the faid County of Kent, the Family Manfion-houfe and Refidence of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and from the Bulk of the faid fettled Eltates: And whereas the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer is feized to him and his Heirs, or is entitled to the Equity of Redemption of and in the Manor or Lordlhip of Mereworth, and of and in the faid capital MelTuage or Manfion-houfe of Mereworth Caftle, and the Appurtenances thereto belonging, and of and in divers Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lying contiguous thereto, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the faid fettled Eftates ; and which faid capital MelTuage or Manfion Houfe, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are mentioned and comprized in the Second Schedule annexed to this prefent Ad: And whereas the Whole of the Hereditaments and Premifes comprized in the Firlt and Second Schedules annexed to this prefent Ad, except the Two Farms in the faid Second Schedule, in the Occupation of Thomas Banfeld and John Ckeefeman, are fubjed to a Mortgage in Fee Simple for fecuring to Ewan Law El'quire the Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds and Intereft ; and the Lid 1 wo Farms are fubjed to a Mortgage in Fee Simple for fecuring to the Right Honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds and Intereft: And whereas the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, is defirous that the faid Manor and Caftle of Mereworth, and the Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying contiguous thereto, mentioned and comprized in. the Second Schedule annexed to this prefent Ad may be fubftituted and fettled in the Place and in lieu of the Hereditaments and Premifes men-. tioned and comprized in the faid Firft Schedule, annexed to this prefent Ad, and that the faid Hereditaments and Premifes mentioned and comprized in the faid Firft Schedule, may be veiled in him the 'faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, his Heirs and Afiigns, difcharged from the Ufes limited or declared thereof by the faid Indenture of Settlement; but fubjed to the faid Mortgage for Fifteen thoufand Pounds and Intereft And whereas the Hereditaments and Premifes propofed to be veiled in the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, his Heirs and Afiigns a9*afbrefaid, which are fpecified in the Firft Schedule annexed to this prefent Ad, are of theAnnual Value of One thoufand and twenty-two Pounds, TvvelveShillings and Three-pence; and the Manor and Caftle of Mereworth, and the Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are propofed to be fubftituted and fettled in lieu thereof, and are fpecified in the Second Schedule annexed to this prefent Ad, are of the Annual Value of Two thoufand two hundred and eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence .p . And whereas the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer on the Twenty-eighth

Day

1320

48* GEORGII III. Cap. “f 2.

Day of July in tiie Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one intermarried with the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer his Wife, then Elizabeth Eliot Spinfler, and hath IfTue by her, the Honourable Thomas Stapleton, his eldefl Son and Heir Apparent, and the Honourable William Stapleton, the Honourable Miles John Stapleton, and the Honourable Francis Jarvis Stapleton, his younger Sons; and the faid Thomas Stapleton, William Stapleton, Miles John Stapleton, and Francis Jarvis Stapleton, are all Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer hath not made or executed any Demife or Leafe of any Part of the Hereditaments and Premifes propofed to be veiled in him, his Heirs and Afligns, or by any Deed or Writing revoked or made void any of the Ufes or Ellates limited and declared by the faid Indenture of Settlement of and in the Hereditaments and Premifes therein comprized, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofe of making any Provifions for his Daughters and younger Sons, by the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, his Wife, purfuant to the Powers and Authorities to him given, and referved for that Purpofe by the faid Indenture of Settlement: And whereas it will be greatly beneficial to the faid Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer, and her IfTue by the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, that the faid Manor and Callle of Mereworth, and the faid Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, deferibed in the Second Schedule annexed to this Adi, fhould be fubllituted and fettled in lieu of the faid detached Parts of the faid fettled Eflates, which are deferibed in the Firfl Schedule to this Adi, and that the faid detached Parts of the faid fettled Eflates, fhould be veiled in the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, his Heirs and Afligns, freed and difeharged from the Ufes limited or declared thereof by the faid Indenture of Settlement, fubjecl to the faid Mortgage for Fifteen thoufand Pounds and lnterell; but by reafon of the Limitations contained in the faid Indenture of Settlement, and the Minority of the Infant Sons of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer and Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer his Wife, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid or Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majefty’s moll loyal and dutiful Subjects, the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer his Wife, for them-felves and for and on the Behalf of the faid Thomas Stapleton, William Stapleton, Miles John Stapleton, and Francis Jarvis Stapleton, their Infant Sons, molt humbly befeech Your Majefly that it maybe enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s mofl Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Tbe Premies prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Fiu^Sched'ile ^evera^ Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, men-fhiilhe retted tioned and deferibed in the Firfl Schedule annexed to this prefent Adi, in Lord Le being detached Parts of the faid Eflates fo fettled as aforefaid, with their and on r^'ecTfrom every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reverfion ti e Good tions and Reverflons, Remainder and Remainders, yearly, and other Rents, inden/ure'^ut fflues, and Profits thereof, and of every Part thereof, fhall from and

(nbject to the Msrrgage f>r

tor^hePre-6 piifes to be lettled in lieu \heieof*-

9	lnterell.

immediately after the pafling ot this Act be fettled upon and veiled in, and the fame are hereby from henceforth fettled upon and vefted in the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, his Heirs and Afligns, freed and difeharged and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againft all and every the Ufes, Trufts, Eflates, Powers, Provifoes, Conditions, and Limitations, in and by the faid recited Indenture of Settlement, limited, created, provided, exprefied and declared, or covenanted, or agreed to be limited, created, provided, exprefled, or declared of and concerning the fame, but fubjeft to the faid Mortgage for Fifteen thoufand Pounds and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7-2.

?32*

laterefl, in lieu of and in Exchange for the Manor, Caflle, Hereditaments, and Premifes hereimAter mentioned to be fettled and fublfituted in lieu thereof.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the Manor,

Cattle, Mefluages, Farms, Land.s, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned con i schedule and defcribtd in the Second Schedule, annexed to this prefent Act, with <i«a i be vcfted the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging ; and the xuitt fi^the Revetlion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other ftrpMeie*-Rents, llfues and Profits thereof, and of every Fart thereof, fliall, from ir.uea, and immediately after the palling of this Ad, be fettled upon, and veiled tare, &c. in, and the fame are hereby, from thenceforth veiled in, and fettled upon the faid Samuel Eliot, the younger, his Heirs and Afiigns, to the leve-ral Ufes, upon and for the feveral Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjeCt to the feveral Powers, Provifoes, Limitations., Agreements and Leclurations, limited, created, provided, exprefied, declared, or contained, ia anJ by the faid herein-before recited Indenture of Settie-m t of and acerriing the Hereditaments and Premifes therein comprized and killed, or fuch of them, as are Hill fubfilling and capable of Effect: our lubjed neverthelefs to the faid Two feveral Mortgages ii .en thouland Pounds and Two thoufand Pounds and Interell thereof l;efpedively.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacled by the Authority afore- lncaf=of

faid, That if ;t fliall happen that the Hereditaments and Premifes hereby refpectively veiled and jet tied in Exchange as aferefaid, or any of them, or m'k/to berC -any Par1 thereof : fpedlively, fhall at any Time e Times hereafter be vold* lav/fuiiy evi&ed, or taken away out oi the Poffellion of the Perfon or Per* fons, his, her, or their refpe&ive Heirs or Affigns, in or upon whom, or to whofe Ufe, the lame Hereditaments and Premifes are hereby refpeCt-ively fettled and limited by any Right or Title precedent to the palling of this ACl fo as the Exchange hereby intended cannot continue, that then and from thenceforth the faid Exchange hereby or intended to be hereby made as aforefaid, fhall be void and of no EffeCl, and then, and fron thenceforth it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Perion and Perfons, and hi3, her, or their Heirs and Alfign», out of whole Polled)on the Hereditaments and Premifes refpectively hereby intended to be exchanged as aferefaid fhall be lawfully evicted or taken away, from and immediately after fuch Eviction, Ejection, or taking away of the Poffellion of the laid Premifes as aforefaid, to enter into and upon his, her, or their former Hereditaments ai d Fr< mifes, fo hereby refpectively fettled and veiled in Exchange as aforefaid; and to have, hold, and enjoy the fame again as in his, her, and their firlt and former Eftate; any Thing in this ACl contained to ihe contrary thereof in anywife notwithllaiiding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted by the Authority afore- RPWfe from faid, That from and after the palling of this ACl, every Releafe and ^0(^8age to Difcharge of all o , / Part of the Hereditaments and Premifes com- Difchaxgc!,* prized in the Firll Schedule annexed to this ACl, of and from the faid Suin of Fifteen thoufand Pounds and Interell or any Part thereof fhall be adjudged, conllrued, deemed and taken to be an equal Releafe and Difcharge of the Hereditaments and Premifes comprized in the Second Schedule annexed to this prefent ACl of and from the fame.

{hoc. fc? iV.]



V. Saving

1322	48*	GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

general	V.	Saving	always	to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and

avin£. Succeffors, and to the faid Ewan Law and Charles Philip Lord Stourton in refpeft to their faid Mortgages, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their refpeftive Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminiftrators, other thanand except the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, and Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer his Wife, and the Firft and other Sons cf the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer and Elizabeth Lady Le Defpencer his Wife, and the feveral and refpeftive Heirs Male of the Body and refpeftive Bodies of fuch Son and Sons lawfully iffuing, and the right Heirs of the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand of, in, to, or out of, as well the Hereditaments and Premifes fettled upon, and veiled in the faid Samuel Eliot the younger and his Heirs, to the Ufes of the faid recited Settlement as aforefaid, as alfo the Hereditaments and Premifes veiled in the faid Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, his Heirs and Affigns, to the Ufe of him, his Heirs and Affigns for ever, as they, every, or any of them, had before the palling of this Aft, or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Evidence. VI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moll Excellent Majifty, and that a Copy thereof fo printed lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jultices, and others.

Vh t

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 72,

The First SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

\V:t ,	-	•	-	-	.loiii.IS

MARDEN and YALDING Pari flies."'

; - -	Brook Farm. Thomas Wollett, Tenant.		-		■ X ‘7-
		r ’ -	Qu		Annual Values.
• j		d	-of Laud.		
Homellead	: ! -	. _ ■	A. 3	R. P. 3 28	
Green by the Houfe	-	-		1 8	
Orchard	-	-	0	3 20	
Pond Field and Ware Field, (no		w in one)	7	3 27	
Horle llland Kettle Mead	■		5 6	2 10 0 11	
Crooked Mead	-	-	s	1 3	
Cooper’s Platt	-	-	I	3 20	
Banky Field	-	< "	S-	1 33	
Coppice by Ditto	-	-	0	I 22	
Slip	•	_	3	2 28	
Whitefield, formerly	n two	-	7	1 19	
Long End Clofe	-	- -	4	2 37	
Four Acres	-	-	5	O 28	
Three Acres	-	-	3	3 3°	
Long Hays	-	-	6	O 19	
Whattle Gatefield Black Pond Meads	1	- 6 2 32 6217	5	2 O-	

------i3	1	9

9 3 34 - 0 3 12 8 o 11

4 3 3

3	2	30

317

.	-	.	4	I	22

:	1	12 © 8

o a 16

.	*	8 3 26

-	-720

-	»	- o 2 16

0	2 25

Q I 34

,	.	-	-	4 2 3°

-	- 12 0

1	X 8

9

Brook Field Cottage and Garden Rufhets

High Gate Field Merchant’s Meads Church Field Snake’s Wood and Slip Little Corner -The Ten Acres Shaw Eaft of Ditto Eight Acres Six Acres

Coppice Eaft of Ditto Thoufand Acres Coppice Spits Mead Coppice by Ditto Acre Plat

*323

i32+

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

	Quantities of Land.	Annual Values.
Bonny Croft - 4 Mallions - Capsfield - Five Acres - Two Acres - Kiln Field - Wood - Further Kiln Field - Crackwents - - - Cobler’s Croft - Ripley Field - Dorkin’s Field -	A. R. P. 10 3 16 9 2 28 4	O 21 5	0 *5 2	1 37 8 0 18 1	0 20 7 1 1 3	0 33 2	0 29 6	0 37 320	|
		
Patting Dane Field - - 7117 Ditto - - 6 3 35		
—	14 1 12	
Park Field -	2 137	
DETACHED-		
f3 0 28		
Maidftone Lands & - - ^ 2 0 36		
U 0 7	8 1 31	
		
r 6 2 10		
Rough Lands • » \ 10 3 25		
I 4 025		
	21 2 20	
Wood by Ditto - j	4 0 12	
Roads -	7 1 '7	
Total Quantity and annual Value	294 2 28	376 0 0
The Timber oh this Farm is valued at 1	,6931.13s.	

TUNBRIDGE PARISH.

The Old Bull Inn Farm. William Larkin, Tenant.

Houle, Out-buildings, Yards, and Garden, in Tunbridge Town Mill Field

Collier’s Croft	-	«

Swan Mead

Piece in the Common Meadow Gunning Meadow

Cherry Ground, or Seven Acre Field Two Acres, or Currier’s Croft Hilly Field	-

-	120

3	*	*4

-	220 n o 30

I I o

3 1 24 7 1 24 1	3	o

500

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 72,

1325

		Quantities of Land.	Annual Values,
		A. R. P.	
Flat Field Pond Field Hilden Meadow, and Ofier Bed Hilden Meadow Broom Field		6 0 0 2 3 20 4 3 0 2	3 20 3	0 S	
Total Quantity and annual Value		5* 3 >7	320 O O

The Timber on this Farm is valued at 61I. 3s. 6d.

CHART SUTTON PARISH. Cbincy Court Farm. Shirley, Tenant.

Homeftead	-

Orchard -	-	-

Foreftall Plat	-

Apple-tree Field

Clapper Mead	-	-	-

Little Footway Field

Lane to the Houfe

Four Acre Mead

Great Horfe Ifland Mead

Barn Field

The Twelve Acres divided into Three -

Hoily Bulh Meadow

Little Horfe Ifland Mead

Wood by ditto

Willow Bed Meadow

Little Field

Hop Garden	-

Broad Field

Footway Field	-

Total Quantity and annual Value

O	3 3
O	0 23
O	3 28
5	■ 34
I	3 «
I	1 16
O	1 4
4	I 32
6	0 19
4	3 34
12	2 25
4	3 5
5	I O
O	0 IC
2	2 27
I	2 Ip
4	O 13
7	3 1
5	3 »
70	3 29
at 1181. 9s	

ILsi. & Per.']

x5 K

*326

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

AYLESFORD PARISH,

Ayksford Houfc Farm.

Thomas Buckshaw, Tenant.

	Quantities	AnnuA Value.,
'* 1 * r^nuttiw- ■•)	or Land.	
	A. R. r.	
Homeftead and Pear Tree-Field	2 3 20	
Little Mead	0 3 .6	
Slip -	3 1 0	
Sharebrook Field -	5 1 6	
Long Slip, formerly in Two	2 3 10	
Romacrc Field -	4 2 12	
Total Quantity and annual Value	19 2 14	3+
The Timber on this Farm is valued at 47L 16s.		

.1 Seven Acres	LINTON PARISH, Court Wood Lands. Mary Wittle, Tenant.	7 3 «»•	
Five Acres, with Lane	-	-4 3 4	
Braky Meadow	-	4 3 0	
Barn Field	-	2 3 7	
Pond Field	-	3 < 5	
Duddiih Meadow		1105	
Total Quant	ty and annual Value	34 2 3	57

Tkc Timber on this Farm, is valued at 102I. 6s*-<Sd,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

YALDING PARISH,

Yalding Downs Tenement.

John Wood, Tenant.

nti5iAti in i

H.lly Field Cold Harbour Upper Cold Harbour Foxbury

Lower Cold Harbour Upper Gold harbour

w ..w

Total Quantity, and annual Value

3	2	j6

224

2331

222

* 37

No Timber on this Farm.

YALDING PARISH.

Thomas Town, Tenant.

Cottage and Garden, called Gate-houfe

Old Hop Garden

Four Acres

Brcok Green Field

Ditto

Old Field

Great Broom Field

Total Quantity, and annual Value

2	14

3	29

No Timber on this Farm.

Total Value of fche Timber on the Land, in the Firfl Schedule, 2,023!. 8s„ And annual Rent of the Land as now let, 5411. ios.

The above Valuations are made fubjeft to the Land-Tax and Repairs, the Tenants ;paying the other ufual Parochial Charges.

The Land-Tax

And the Expence of Rep*

Refpefl: of the Premifes i to 6c!. annually,

the Firft Schedule amounts

to 511. annually communibus annis, or thereabouts.

Henry Wakeman-------As to the Quantity, annual Rent and Value of the Land.

James Thorn —-—As to the Value of the Timber.

T327

1328

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 72,

".15W DWOW-t

The Second SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

MERE WORTH PARISH.

The Manor of Mereworth, with the Appurtenances-.

BUILDINGS AND LAND IN HAND.

Mercworth Cattle with the Out-buildings, fure Garden and Yards Kitchen Garden, Nurfery, and Walled-it den, with Gardener’s Houfe, and two ling houfes (called the Pavilions) of the Turnpike Road Mereworth Park The two Park Meadows

Canal between the Meadows Plantations in the Park

Thirty eight Acre Plantation adjoining the "I Park	J

Nine Acre Wood adjoining the la ft -

		Annual. Values.
	A. h. r.	
PlcaO	S 1 0	
GarO Dwel- I North f	<5 0 23	

38

3 22 1 10 3 37

TIIEB ULL FARM IN HAND.

Homeftead

Meadow

Orchard

The Great Field, formerly in ten pieces Hop Garden

Small Plantations -

'Ten Acre Plantat

(tl:

1 * i 33

Total Quantify and annual Value

The Timber on the above is eftimated at upwards

of 6,500!.

2 IQ 2 1.7

10 3

474 3 8 ,1,266 14 «

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.'

* 3 39

e, Out-1 3rchard,

MERE WORTH MILL.

Thomas Edmeads, Tenant.

A Water Grift Mill, with Dwelling-houfe,

building*, and fmall Garden and Orchard, containing altogether

t 1	*

Thomas Hubbard, Tenant.

A Dwelling-houfe, part ufed as a Grocer’s Shop, with Out-buildings, Garden, Two Orchards, and Two fm 11 Pieces of Land, fituate near Mereworth Church, and containing altogether about

William Field, Tenant.

The Buffalo Inn, with the Out buildings. Yard, Garden, and Meadow, containing altogether •

small tenements.

Cottage and Garden in Mereworth Park, occupied by J J.»hn Gardener*	-	/

Cottage divided into Four Tenement?, adjoining*) Mereworth Park, occupied by Hannah Wollett, | Thomas Knight, Richard Brooker, and Eliaa- j beth Wollett, with fmall Gardens,

ALSO	>

A Blackfmith’sShop adjoining; Cottage near the j laft, in Two Tenements, occupied by Thomas Ball, and George Larking, with Gardens, con- | taining altogether	-	-	J

Cottage in Two Tenements oppofite the foregoing") Cottages, North of the Turnpike Road, with ! Leanto Gardens and Orchard, in the Occu- [ pation of John Hards, and Henry Bailey - J Cottage and Garden, Eaft of the Nurfery occupied J by John Clements,

Cottage in Two Tenements, at the end of the Long Walk, with Gardens, in the Occupation of Widow Sanders; and Thomas Sanders.

Cottage and Garden, near the laft, occupied by*i Henry Arrows 1	-	-	J

Four fmall inclofed Pieces of Land, adjoining ICent-ftre'et, with Cow-hovel, two Sheds, and Oalt-houfe, occupied by Charles Lewis Cotia-ge and Orchard, adjoining Kent-ftreet, in Richard Hubbard’s Occupation Cottage in Two Tenements, with Gardens and Orchard adjoining Kcnt-ftreet, in the Occupation of John Lockyear and John Sudds

£. i.

2J O O

36 O

I 36

[Lee. & Per.]

15 L

s33°

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 72,

	Quantifies of Land.	Annual Values,
Piece of inclofed Wafte at the end of the Long Walk*! in the Great Wood, in Richard Chandler’s s Occupation - J Cottage and Garden near the laft, occupied by George 1 Thomas - j Small Garden by Bull-lane occupied by Widow "t Dutnall J	A. R. P. O30 too OIO	
Total Quantity and annual Value	9 3 21	60 15 O

EAST PECKHAM AND NETTLESTED PARISHES.

Peckbam Place Farm.

Thomas Banpield, Tenant,

Homeflead			6	
Hog Orchard	.	-	1	1 31
Home Orchards		IOC O 2 2C		2 20
Warren	-	-	3	
Shaw by ditto	-	.		
Lone Shaws, north of ditto		I O 21 0 3 12	19 1	2	2 3	33
Lord’s Alders	_	_	2	2 22
Alder Mead		_	8	
Shaw, north of ditto		-	0	
Beldom Mead		-	2	
Shaw, north of ditto		.	0	
Hungry Ravens	-	-	11	1 *3
Th^ Ten Acres			10	
Cottage and Garden -	.	, _	0	
Mill Mead	-			
The Wildernefs	_	_	3	
Old Lone		_	12	3 2d
Butt Meadow Hop Garden	-	-	II	126
Great Lone with Walk	-	_	22	
Courtins	-	-		I 6
Water Furrers	-	■-	15	3 4
Court field	-	-	9	0 16
Shaw by ditto	-	■	0	2 30
Total Quantity and annual Value		1	'55	»31

•4.8° GEORGII III. Cap.2.	133*

MOAT TENEMENT.

::;

Francis Allingham, Tenant.

Homeftead Barn field

Back Door Barn Field Lower Meadow-Pond Field Two Acre Field St; we Crow	•

Field over the Road Lone Field Old Lane

Total Quantity and

5 ' .	Quantities	Annual Values.
	of Land.	
	A. R. P.	
-	03a	
-	I 3 21	
-	2 2 1	
“	I 2 C	
		
-	2 I 13	
-	I 2 3	
-	• 3 3	
	2 2 19	
"	0 2 0	
ial Value	17 2 13	26 O O

BROOK FARM.

' John Cheeseman, Tenant.

Homeftead Orchard Orchard New Orchard *

Orchard Field and Chriftian Mead North Haddock

Level Land	-	*

Great G incock Barn Field Lone Long Brook Meadow Middle Brook Meadow Upper Brook Meadow

DETACHED.

Kickett Mead

Wool fer Mead -	-

Chamber Yard now planted Benkhurft Field Deep Field and Shaw Ham Mead

Lord’s Mead -	-

Total Quantity and annual Value

-	I I 27	
-	0 a 18	
-	1 3 35	
	12 0	
-	8 0 36	
	3 0 17	
-	4- a 37	
-	20 3 18	
-	8 1 31	
“	2 O 27	
-	1 3 20	
"	1 2 18	
.	902	
-	.5 1 4	
-	228	
_	5 1 26	
-	4 3 38	
-	8 0 20	
-	4 2 16	
	9 6 1 38	205 0 0

48° GEQRGII III. Cap. 72.

1332

WEST PECKHAM PARISH.

Adami Well Farm•

Thomas Larkin, Tenant.

Homeftead Orchard Filbert Orchard Pellum Brook Field Hop Garden Pellum Brook Mead Great Hop Garden Lower Cherry Orchard Long Hop Garden (now i Gover Hill Field Hop Garden Two Orchards

i two)

Crouch's Field Upper Bank’s Fields -Shaw Field -Shaw

Goodwin’s Field	-	-

Banky Field	-	.	*»

Long Field	*■

Harlot’s Plat Harlot’s Shaw	r-

Two Cottages with Gardens and Orchard underlet!

to Widow Terry and Eaftland	-	J

Cottage* Garden, and Orchard, underlet to John-) Woodyear	-	-	J

Cottage and Garden underlet to William Goodwin Cottage and Garden underlet to Thomas Locke Cottage and Garden, underlet to William Cripps

Total Quantity and annual Value

- Quantity Of Land.		Annual Value,
A.	R. P.	
O	2 24	
I	I 24	
I	2 38	
2	O 2	
O	2 4	
3	2 23	
10	I I7	
1	2 25	
2	3 '5	
1	2 6	
1	2 6	
1	l 0	
2	O 34	
3	L 17	
4	2 28	
0	1 37	
I	3 27	
3	2 32	
4	1 28	
0	117	
4	1 24	
0	* 4	
0	* j?	
0	1 12	
0	1 2	
0	0 16	
5*	1 19	IOOO

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

13 3 3

EAST AND WEST PECKHAM PARISHES.

Ratling Hall Farm.

William Larkin, Tenant.

	Quantities	Annual Values.
	of Land.	
	A. n. P.	
Homeftcad -	i 0 8	
Barn and Yard -	0 0 37	
Orchard -	I O 2	
Grea Mead - -	3 2 21	
Slip Mead - - -	I 2 22	
Stable Field - -	7 0 *4	
Six Acres -	6 0 28	
Holly-Bulb Field - -	2 I 20	
Little Field - . - '	I I 34	
Shaw -	1 2 38	
Acre Platt -	12 6	
Cow Pafture -	4 I 5	
Old Hop Garden -	30 6	
Park Field, formerly in Two	8 1 11	
Slip Hop Garden -f *■	S 0 25	
Beggar Houfe Field	5 2 3	
Three cornered Field -	929	
Further Field -	9 *3*	
The Alders -	10 3 14	
Total Quantity, and annual Value	84 I 21	I40 O O

The annual Rent of the Premifes, contained in the Second Schedule, (exclufive cf the Lands in hand) as now let, is 57 il. 5s. 6d.

The above Valuations, are made <ubje£t to Land-Tax, and Repairs, the Tenants paying the other ufual Parochial Charges.

The Land-Tax in refpeft of the Premifes in the Second Schedule amounts to 126I. annually, and the Expence of Repairs to nol. annually, commumbusanttis, or thereabouts.

Henry Wakeman -

James Thorn

[.Loc. G? Per.2

- As to the Quantity annual Rent, and Value of the Land.

- As to the Value cf the Timber.

15 M

1334

a8° GEORGII III. Cap. 72

RECAPITULATION OF THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Names of Parifhes.	Tenants’ Names.	Quantities of Land.	Annual Values.
Marden and Yalding	Thomas Wollett	A. R. P. 294 2 28	£■ '• <!■ I/O O O
Tunbridge 4	William Larkin	S6 3 ‘7	320 O O
Chart Su : on -	Shirley	70 3 29	140 0 O
Aylestord	Thomas Buckfhaw	19 2 14	34 0 0
Linton	Mary Wittle -	32 * 3	57 8 7
Yalding	fohn Wood -	j8 i 37	34 3 8
Tudeley	Thomas Town	21 3 19	6l O O
Total Quant	ties and annual Values	5'4 3 27	1022 12 3

Hen y Wakeman, Surveyor.

RECAPITULATION OF THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

Mereworth Mere worth

Eaft Peckham and Nettlefted

Weft Peckham

Eaft and Weft; Peckham

{Mereworth Caftle, and Land in Lord Le Defpencer’s hands J /■Thomas Edmeads I Thomas Hubbard j William Field V. Small Tenements ✓"Thomas Banfield < Francis Allingham L John Cheefeman Thomas Larkin William Larkin

Total Quantities and annual Values

Henry Wakeman, Surveyor.

474	3	18	1266	14	6
I	0	3=	25	0	0
5	O	O	26	0	0
3	3	4	30	0	0
9	3	21	60	J5	0
•■5S	2	31	309	0	0
n	2	*3	26	0	0
96	1	3«	205	0	0
	I	•9	110		0
S4	1	21	140	°	°
905	0	35	2208	9	6

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majcfty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

cap. 73.

An Aft for veiling the detached E Hates deviled by the Will of the late Henry Hervey AHon Efquire, in Trultees, upon Trull to fell the fame, and to lay out the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Ellates.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS Henry Hervey AJlon late of AJlon in the County of Will of

Chejier Efquire, deceafed, by his Will bearing Date the Third Henry Her* Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, after ^7 bequeathing his Perfonal Eflate unto the Honourable Harriot AJlon, dated 3d now his Widow and Relict, Thomas Ecclejlon of Scarijbrick in the County June 1796, of Lancajler, and the Reverend George Heron of Darejbury in the faid County of Chejier, upon certain Traits for the Payment of his Funeral Expences, Debts, and Legacies ; and upon other Trails therein mentioned, gave and devifed unto his faid Wife, Thomas Ecclejlon, and George Heron, their Heirs and Afligns, all and every his Manors or Lordihips, capital and other MefTuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Eilates whatfoever and wherefoever, whereof he had Power to difpofe, to hold the fame unto the faid Harriot AJlon, Thomas Ecclejlon the Father, and George Heron, and their Heirs, to the Ufe of them his faid Trufttes, their Executors, Adminiilrators, and Afligns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, upon certain Trails, for raifing Money for the Payment of his the Teilator’s Debts and Legacies in Aid of his [Loc. &r Per.']	15 M	Perfonal

13 34-

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Perfonal Eftates, and for ralfing a Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds for Portions for his Daughters and younger Sons with Maintenance in the mean Time ; . and from and after the Expiration or fooner Determination of the laid Term, he the faid Henry Hervey AJlon gave and devifed all and every the faid Manors or Lordfhips, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to his Son Henry Charles AJlon by the Name of Henry Ajlon^)J\% Heirs and Afligns for ever, on his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Ysars ; but in cafe he fhould happen to die under that Age, having been married and leaving IfTue, then he the faid Henry Hervey AJlon gave and devifed the faid Real Eftates unto fuch IfTue, if a,,Son or Sons to the eldeft of fuch Sons that might attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, in Fee Simple ; but if a Daughter or Daughters, to the elded of fuch Daughters that might live to have Ifliie and the Heirs of her Body lawfully iffuing ; and in Default of fuch IfTue of his faid Son, the faid Henry Hervey Aflon gave and devifed the fame Eftates to his the faid Teftator’s next Son born in his Life-time, or in due Time after his Deceafe on his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to his Heirs and Afligns for ever, but in cafe fuch next Son fhould die under that Age, having been married and leaving IfTue, then he gave and devifed the fame to fuch IfTue, if a Son or Sons to the eldeft of fuch Sons that might attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, in Fee Simple, but if a Daughter or Daughters to the eldeft of fuch Daughters that might live to have IfTue and the Heirs of her Body lawfully iffuing, and To in a Succeflion to a Third, Fourth, and every other Son he might have, and to their refpec-tive Ilfue in the fame Manner as he had therein-before devifed the fame Eftates to his faid Son Henry and the next Son he might have, and their Ilfue ; and in Default of hi3 the laid Teftator’s leaving any IfTue, he gave and devifed all and fingular his faid Manors or Lordfhips, capital and other Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Eftates unto the Right Honourable John now Lord Crewe by his then Name, Dcfcription, and Addition of John Crewe of Crewe in the County of Chejler Efquire, and his Heirs, to the Ufe of the faid Teftator’s Daughter Harriot Frances Elizabeth, by the Description of his Daughter Harriot, and her Afligns for Life, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid John now Lord Crewe and his Heirs, during the Life of his the faid Teftator’s Daughter Harriot, in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the Body of his faid Daughter Harriot fucceflively in Tail, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Daughters of the Body of his the Teftator’s faid Daughter Harriot fucceflively in Tail, with Remainder to the Ufe of his (the faid Teftator’s) Second and other afterborn Daughters fucceflively in Tail, with Remainder to the Ufe of his laid Wife Harriot AJlon and her Afligns for her Life, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid John now Lord Crewe and his Heirs, during the Life of his faid Wife, in Truft to prelerve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe of his the laid Teftator’s Sifter Dame Catherine Lapel Legard Wife of Sir John Legard Baronet, and her Afligns for her Life, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid John now Lord Crewe and his Heirs, during the Life of the faid Dame Catherine Lapel Legard, in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firit and other Sons of the Body of rite faid Dame Catherine Lapel Legard fucceflively in Tail, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Daughters of the faid Dame Catherine Lapel Legard fucceflively in. ’fail general, with 0	Remainder

>33 5

48°GEOR.GII III. Cap. 73.

Remainder to the Ufe of Sir Willoughby Atlon Baronet and his Aligns for his Life, with Remainder to the Ufe of the laid John now Lord Crewe and his Heirs, during the Life of the faid Sir Willoughby AJlon, in fruit to preferve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Ufe or the Firft and other Sons of the faid Sir Willoughby AJlon fucceflively in Tail* with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Daughters of the faid Sir Willoughby AJlon fucceflively in Tail, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Ecclejlon and his Aftigns for his Life, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid John now Lord Crewe and his Heirs, during the Life of the faid Thomas Ecclejlon, in Trufl to preferve contingent Remainders* with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Soils of the faid Thomas Ecclejlon fucceflively in Tail general, with Remainder to the Ufe of fuch Perfon and Perfons, and for fuch Eftate and Eftates, and in fuch Manner as the faid Harriot AJlon now the Widow of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon, fhould, by any Deed or Deeds with or without Power of Revocation to be fealed and delivered as therein is mentioned, direct, limit, or appoint, and in Default of fuch Direftion, Limitation, or Appointment to the Ufe of the faid Teftator’s right Heirs for ever; and the faid Teftator appointed the faid Harriot Afton his Wife, and the faid Thomas Ecclejlon and George Heron, Executors of his faid Will and Guardians of his Children : And whereas the faid Henry Hervey AJlon departed this Lite on or Death of about the Twenty-third Day of December One thoufand feven hundred ^en^'^r“ and ninety-eight, without having revoked or altered his faid Will: And p^^of whereas the laid Harriot A lion, Thomas Ecclejlon, and George Heron, foon his Will, after the Deceafe of the faid Henry Hervey AJlon, duly proved his faid Will in the Prerogative Court of the Archbi(hop of Canterbury: And whereas the faid Henry Hervey AJlon intermarried with the Honourable Henry Her-Harriot Ingram Shepbeard on or about the Sixteenth Day of September Vey Afton. One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and hath left Iffue by her Three Children (to wit ) Two Sons, namely, the faid Henry Charles AJlon now an Infant of the Age of Fifteen Years or thereabouts, and Arthur Ingram AJlon now an Infant of the Age of Eleven Years or thereabouts, and one Daughter namely, the faid Harriot Frances Elizabeth AJlon the Daughter, now an Infant of the Age of Sixteen Years or thereabouts, and no other Child : And whereas neither of them the faid Dame Catherine Lapel Legard or Sir Willoughby AJlon hath Iflue: And whereas the IfTue of faid Thomas Ecclejlon intermarried with Eleonora Clifton on or about the ’fhoma8 Nineteenth Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and has Ilfue by her Seven Children (10 wit) Three Sons, namely, Thomas Ecclejlon other wife Scarijbriek his eldeft Son, and William Ecclejlon and Charles Ecclejlon his younger Sons, and Four Daughters, namely, Ann now the Wife of Sir Windfor Hunloke Baronet, Maria Ecclejlon, Elizabeth Ecclejlon, and Catherine Ecclejlon, and no other Child : And whereas the faid Thomas Ecclejlon otherwife Scarijbriek hath attained the Age of Twenty one Years, and is the Firft Aault Tenant in Tail in being under the faid Will of the faid Henry Hervey AJlon of the Eftates thereby de-vifed : And whereas all the Debts of the faid Henry Hervey AJlon and the Payment cf Legacies bequeathed by his Will, except the Ten thoufand Pounds thereby Debts provided for Portions for his Daughters and younger Sons, have been ofHeury025 difeharged, and his Family Eftate in the faid County of Chejler is abundant Hervey Security for the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds: And whereas the Afton. Family Seat cf the faid Henry Hervey AJlon and the Bulk of his Family Eftate is fituate in the faid County of ChcJlcr, and other Eftates of the

faid

1336	GEQRGII	III. Cap. 73.

faid Henry Hervey Ajlon are fituate in the Counties of Warwick and Nor-thumberland: And whereas a considerable Ertate lying contiguous to and extremely convenient to be held with the Family Seat and Ertate of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon is now upon Sale, and the faid Harriot Ajlon the Widow, Thomos Eccljlon the Father, and George Heron, are defirous of annexing the fame to the faid Family Ertate of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon: And whereas the Schedule to this prefent Aft contains a Particular of the faid Edates of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon in the faid Counties of Warwick and Northumberland: And whereas the faid Harriot Ajton the Widow, Thomas Eccljlon the Father, and George Heron, cannot effeft the propofed Purchafe without railing Money from the Sale of Part of the Edates of the faid Henry Hervey Afion : And whereas the faid Edates of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon in the faid Counties of Warwick and Northumberland lie detached and at a Didance from the faid Family Manfion Seat and Edate of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon in the faid County of Chejter and from each other, and it will be greatly for the Benefit of the Children of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon, and all other Perfons beneficially intereded under the Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon in the feveral Edates thereby devifed, that under the Direction of His Ma-jedy’s High Court of Chancery, the faid Edates in Wanvickjhire and Northumberland or a competent Part thereof fhould be fold, and the Money ariling from the Sale thereof or a competent Part thereof inverted in the Purchafe of other Edates contiguous to or convenient to be held with the Edates devifed by the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon in the faid County of Chefier, and that thole Edates fhould be fettled to the fubfiding Ufes of the faid Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon \ but by reafon of the Limitations contained in the faid Will, the faid Sales and Purchafes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Therefore Your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts the faid Harriot Ajlont Thomas Eccljlon the Father, and George Heron, on Behalf of the faid Henry Charles Ajlon, Arthur Ingram Ajlon, and Harriot Frances Elizabeth Ajlon, the only Children of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon; and the faid Harriott Ajlon, and Thomas Eccljlon the Father, on Behalf of tbemfelves and the faid Sir John Legat'd and Dame Catherine Lapel Legard his Wife, and the faid Sir Willoughby Ajlon, and the faid Thomas Eccljlon otherwife Scarijbrick; do mod humbly befeech Your Majerty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majerty, by and wiih the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of The War- the fame, That all thofe the Manors, Meffuages, Farms, Lands, Tene-wickfhire ar.d ments, and Hereditaments in the feveral Counties of Warwick and Nor-hmdEffatea” thumberland devifed by the Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon, and veiled in	which are comprifed and mentioned in the Schedule annexed to the pre

Trudees to fent Aft, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, fhall, from be fold. and after the paffing of this Aft be, and the fame are hereby verted in the faid Harriot Ajlon, Thomas Ecfljhn the Father, and George Heron, their Heirs and Affigns, absolutely and for ever freed and dife-harged of and from all slid fingular the Ufes, Edates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Trurts, Charges, Provifoes, and Declarations, which in and by the faid Will of the laid Henry Hervey Ajlon deceafed, bearing Date the Third Day of Julie One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, were limited, fexpreffed, or declared , of and concerning the fame Manors Meffuages, and other Hereditaments j but upon the Trurts, and to and

for

48(,GEORGII 1IJ. Cap. 13.	1337

for the Intents and Purpofes herein-after expreffed and declared o£ and concerning the fame refpecHvely, (that is to lay), upon Trud that they the faid Harriot Ajlon, Thomas Ecclejhn the Father, and George Heron, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Afligns of fuch Survivor, do and (hall in purfuance of and conformity to the Orders or Directions of His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery, to be made or given as herein-after is mentioned, fell and difpole of the fame Manors,

Meffuages, and other Hereditaments, or a competent Part or competent Parts of the fame, either together and in one Lot, or in Parcels, and either by Public Auction or Private Contract, for fuch Prices as to them, her, or him lhall feem reafonable, and upon Payment of the Purchafe Money for the fame in Manner herein-after mentioned, do and thall convey or otherwife allure the Hereditaments which lliall be comprifed in the faid Sale or Sales to thePurchafer or Purchafers of the fame refpectively, and to his or their Heirs or Alfigns, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons, or in fuch other Manner as he or they lhall direct: or appoint, ablolutely and for ever freed and difeharged as herein-before is mentioned.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That the Purchafer of the faid Manors	g

and other Hereditaments hereby made faleable, lhall pay his or their Pur- paJ^Jto°the chafe Money or refpeClive Purchafe Monies into the Bank of England, in 3dnk, See. the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte, “ The Purchafers of Part of the devifed F,Hates of Henry Hervey Ajlon Efquire, deceafed,” purfuant to the Method preferibed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Fivfl: Chapter Thirty-fecorid, and the general Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second Chapter Twenty-fourth ; and the Receipt or Receipts of any Cafnier of the Bank of England far the faid Purchafe Money, and the Certificate of the faid Accountant General annexed to the fame, and filed in the Regifter Office of the faid Court of Chancery, lhall be an effectual Releafe and Difcharge to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame for the Money therein mentioned and acknowledged to be received, and from being anfwerable for the Misapplication, or liable or bound to fee to the Application of the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted, That upon ti Petition to be prefented to and to be the faid Court by the Perfon or Perfons who, under the Will of the faid applied in the Henry Hervey Ajlon would for the Time being if this Act had not been

made, be beneficially entitled m Poffdfion to the Manor's, Mefluages, and contiguousto other Hereditaments thereby devifed and hereby directed to be fold as the Eftates of aforefaid, if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be of Tull Age, but if fuch Per- H.H. Alton* fon or Perfons lhall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian &c* or refpective Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or refpective Minorities, fo much of the Monies arifing by the faid Sale or Sales, and to be paid into the Co set of Chancery as herein-before is mentioned as fliall be fulficient, lhail, under the Direction of the faid Court, be applied in the Completion of the Purchafe of any Freehold or Copyhold Manors,

Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments contiguous to and convenient to be held with the faid Family Eftates of the faid Henry Hervey Ajlon as the faid Court of Chancery fliall think proper and direct; and that the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Heredita-\Loc. & Per.~\	15 N	ments

1338	48s GEORGII III. Cap. 73.'

merits fo to be purchafed, and alfo all fuch other of the Manors and Hereditaments hereby vefted in them the faid Harriot Ajion, Thomas Ecclejlon the Father, and George Heron, and their Heirs, as fhall remain unfold or undifpofed of for anfwering the Trulls and Purpofes of this prefent Act, fhall, immediately upon or after the Purchafe of the fame, be under the like Direction of the faid Court of Chancery, conveyed, allured, and fettled to the Ufes, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubject to the Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations, which under and by virtue of the faid Will of the laid Henry Hervey Ajion were previoufly to the palling of this Act fubfifting or capable of taking Effect of and in the faid Manors, Melfuages, and other Hereditaments hereby veiled in the faid Harriot Ajion, Thomas Ecclejlon the Father, and George Heron, and their Heirs, or fuch ot the faid Ufes, Trulls, Intents, Purpofes, Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, or Declarations as fhall be then fubfifting and capable of taking Effect.

Money to IV. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enacted? That it te tof fhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery in a fummary Way upon theCourtof a Potion to be prefented for that Purpofe by any Perfon or Perfons who Chancery. under the Limitations of the faid Will of the laid Henry Hervey Ajion would, if this Act had not been made, be entitled to an abfolute Eftaie of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Tail Malex or in Tail in the Hereditaments hereby vefted in the faid Harriot Ajion^ Thomas Ecclejlon, and George Heron, and their Heirs, to order the Monies hertin-before directed to be laid out in the Purchafe of Real Eftates, to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Or his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, for his, her, or their own Ufe and Benefit, inftead of ordering the fame to be invefted in the Purchafe of Real Eftates.

Until the	V.	And be it further enacted. That in the mean Time and until all the

Sales fhall be Money arifing from the faid Sale or Sales, fhall be invefted in the Pur-the^Money to c^afe of Manors, Melfuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, or otherwife be laid out in applied purfuant to the Directions, herein-before contained, the fame or fo the Purchafe much of the fame as fhall from Time to 'Lime remain uninvefted and un-

of Navy c Victualling JJills, &c.

applied fhall from Time to Time be laid out under the Direction of the faid Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills or. Exchequer Bills; and the Intereft of the Money fo laid out in the faid Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they fhall [be refpectively paid off by Government, fhall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which faid Navy or Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills fhall be depofited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and fliall there remain until a proper Purchafe or Purchafes fhall be found and approved as before directed, and until the fame fhall upon a Petition fetting forth fuch Approbation to be preferred to the faid Court of Chancery in a fummary Way, by or on the Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons who under the Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajion would for the Time being if this Act had not been made be beneficially entitled in Poffeflion to the Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, or if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be under Age, then of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered by the faid Court of Chancery to be fold by the faid Accountant General for'the completing fuch Purchafe or Purchafes in fuch Manner 6	as

*339

48“ GEORG 11 III. Cap. 73.

a$ the laid Court fhall think juft and direct; and if the Money arifing by the Sale of fuch Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills fhall exceed the Amount of the original Purchale Money fo laid out as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe only the Surplus which fhall remain, after difcharging the Expence of the Application to the Court, fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchafed, in cafe the fame had been purchafed purfuant to this Act or to the Reprefentatire or Representatives of fuch Perfon or Perforis.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Court Court of of Chancery, from Time fo Time to make fuch Orders as the faid Court mborder fhall think expedient, juft, of reafonabfe for allowing, taxing, and fettling Colb to ba all Cofts, Charges, and Expences which have been or (hall be incurred in taxed, obtaining and paflirig this Aft, and making the feveral Applications to

the faid Court in purfuance hereof, and in making and completing the Sale or Sales of the Manors, Mefltiages, and other Hereditaments hereby vefted in the faid Harriot Afton, Thomas Ecclcjton the Rather, and George Heron, and their Heirs;

VII.	And be it further enafted, That in the mean Time and until the Rents (until

Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made faleable, fliall be completed, the	^

feid Harriot Aft on, Thomas Ecclcjion the Father, and George Heron, their ^ceivla? Heirs and Afligns, fliall perrhit the Rents and Profits of the fame Hereditaments to be had^ received, and takdn by the feveral Perfons who

Would be entitled to the fithie in cafe this Aft' had not been made.

VIII.	Provided always, afid it is hereby’further enafted, That if any In cafe any Perfon who fhall be of the Age of Twenty-one'Years and upwards, and

who if this prefent Aft had not been made ancj palled would for the Qf2i Years Time beirtg’have been entitled to an Eftare in Fee for Life in Tail Male andfeifedin Or in Tail in PoftefliOn, iii' the MAn’orS, Mefluages, and other Hefedita- Fee lhall be ments hereby vefted and fettled as aforefaid, fliall at any Time or Times ^inin °tW before the whole of the fame Manors, Mefluages, and other lleredira- Eibteunfcld, rtients fliall be fold in purfuance of this Aft’ be defirous that fuch of the fuch Parts fo fiid Manors, Mefluages, and other Hereditaments as for the Time being defired to be fhall remain ‘unfold, or any Part or Parts thereof fhall not be fold, and fhall fignify fuch' their, his, or her Defire by any Writing or Writings under their, his;, or her Hands or Hand, to the Truftee or Truftees for the Time being' for carrying-theTrufts of this Act into Execution,’ then and in every fuch Cafe, all the Trufts, Intents, Purpofes, Powers, Provides, and Declarations herem-bfcfoin declared and contained for tfi^ Sale of'the faid’:Manbrs, Mefluages, and other Hereditaments, fhall as to fuch of thb' faid Manors, •Mefluages, ’ and other Hereditariients fo remaining unfold,’ as1 fhtall be fo defired not to be fold, abfoiutely ceafe, determine, and be at aii End, and the fame la ft-mentioned' Manors, Mefluages, and other Hereditaments fhall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed by ihe; faid Truftees cr Truftee for the Time'being to fuch Ufes, upon and for fuch Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and with, under, and fubjcct to fuch Powers1, Provifoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as would hive been therein refpectivfely fubfiftin’g under or by virtue of the faid in Part recited Will in cafe this Act had not been made, any Thing herein&efbre contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding;

IX. Provided

48°GEORGII III.	Cap..73.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the faid Harriot Ajion, Thomas Ecclejlon the Father, and George Heron, or any of them, or any Truftee or Truftees who lhall be appointed in the Stead of them or any of them as herein-after mentioned, or they or any of their Heirs or Afligns lhall die or be defirous to be difcharged from the Trufts hereby created, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery upon a Petition to be prefented in a luminary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who under the faid Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajion would for the Time being if this Act had not been made, be entitled in Poffdfion to the Manors and other Hereditaments hereby made i'aleable for an Eftate for Life, or an Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be of full Age, but if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or re-fpe&ive Minorities, to appoint the Perfon or Perfons to be propofed in the faid Petition, or any Perfon or Perfons named by the Court, to be a Truftee or Truftees in the Place of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difcharged, and thereupon the faid Manors and other Hereditaments, or fuch of them as lhall from Time to Time remain unfold, lhall with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in fuch Sort and Manner as to become legally and effedually veiled in fuch new Truftee or Truftees folely or jointly with the furviving or continuing Truftee or Truftees as the Circumftances of the Cafe lhall require, upon the Trufts and for the Intents and Purpofes herein-before declared of and concerning the fame refpe&ively, or fuch of them as lhall be then fubfifting or capable of taking Effect; and lhat fuch new Truftee or Truftees lhall to all Intents, Effeds, Conllructions, and Purpofes whatfoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the Truftee or Truftees in whofe Room he or they lhall be fubftituted.

General	X. Saving always to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and

Saving. Sucjceffors, and to all and every other Perfons and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succelfors, Executors, Admini-ftrators, and Afligns, other than and except the faid Henry Charles Ajion and Arthur Ingram Ajion, and their refpective Heirs and Afligns, and the faid Harriot Frances Elizabeth Ajion and the Heir s of her Body, and the faid Harriot Ajion the Widow, Dame Catherine Lapel Legard, and the Sons of her Body, and the Heirs of their refpective Bodies, and the Daughters of her Body, and the Heirs of their refpective Bodies, and the faid Sir Willoughby Ajion and his Sons, and the Heirs of their refpective Bodies, and his Daughters, and the Heirs of their refpective Bodies; and the faid Thomas Ecclcfton the Father in refpect to the Life Eftate devifed to him by the faid Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajion, and the faid Thomas Ecclejlon otherwife Scarijbrick and the Heirs of his Body, and the faid William Ecclejlon and the Heirs of his Body, and the faid Charles Ecclejton and the Heirs of his Body, and any and every other Son hereafter to be born to the faid Thomas Ecclejlon the Father and the Heirs of his refpective Body, and the faid Dame Ann Hunloke, Maria Ecclejlon, Elizabeth Ecclejlon, and Catherine Ecclejlon, and the Heirs of their refpective Bodies, and any and every Daughter hereafter to be born to the faid Thomas Ecclejlon the Father and the Heirs of her refpective Body, and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour the faid Harriot AJtoji hath ex-ercifed or fliall exercife the Power of Appointment devifed to her by the

faid

/

1340

For appointing new Trultees.

I34i

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

faid Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajion, and the Heir or Heirs of the Body of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the right Heirs of the faid Henry Hervey Ajion, and the faid Harriot Ajion the Widow, Thomas Ecclejfon the Father, and George Heron, as Truftees under the faid Will ot the laid Henry Hervey Ajion, and their Heirs, Executors, Admini ratois, and Afligns, and the faid John Lord Crewe as Truftee under the faid Will of the faid Henry Hervey Ajion, his Heirs and Afligns, and all and every other Perfons or Perfon having or claiming or who fliall or may hereafter have or claim any Eflate, Right, Title, or Interefl of, in, or to the Mef-fuages and Hereditaments hereby veiled in the faid Harriot Ajion, Thcmas Ecclejlon the Father, and George Heron, and their Heirs, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel of the fame, under the faid Will of the laid Henry Hervey Ajion, all the Eflate,' Right, Title, Interefl, Poflibility, Property,

Claim, and Demand whatfoever, which they or any of them had h Jd or enjoyed before the paflmgof this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed of, in, to, from, out of, or upon the faid Mefluages and other Hereditaments, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be printed by the This Aft may Printer to the King’s rnoft Excellent Majelty, and a Copy thereof fo k? Klven m printed fliall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juft ices, and V1 ence‘ others.

The

*342

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 73

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Aft refers.

Names of the Farms and Holdings.

In the Parifh of KINGSBURY. Kingfbury Hall and Lands, and Five J Cow Gaits upon Hemlingford >

Tame River, exclufsve Right of Fifhery Meffuage and Lands Kimberley Hall and Lands Meffuage and Garden Meffuage and Old Rail Farm Hippefley Hall and Lands Wren’s Neft Public Houfe and Garden Meffuage and Garden Meffuage and Garden The Hundred Court of Hemlingford," held every Three Weeks alternately at Atherftone and Birmingham, for the Recovery of Debts, Damages, &c. under 4.0 s.	-	f

The Manor of Kingfbury, with its Members, with the Court Leet and Court Baron thereto belonging -j Meffuage and Garden Meffuage and Garden Tithe of a Clofe called The Stockings Meffuage and Lands, and Three Cow 1 Gaits upon Hemlingford Green - J Meffuage and Lands, and One Cow ) Gait upon Hemlingford Green - ( Nine Cow Gaits on Hemlingford ) Green, with its Iflands, Fords, and > Encroachments	-	-	)

N. B. The Whole of the Cow Gaits on Hemlingford Green are 19. Encroachment upon the Wafte Hovel upon the Wafte

WARWICKSHIRE.

Names of the Tenants.	Quantities.	Yearly Rents.
	A. R. P.	£ J.
Bond, Sarah, Widow	195 O l6	228 0 o')
Ditto		3 O of
Bond, William		60 O O
Bivedon, William	Il8 O 23	
Brown, J ohn		
Cawood, Samuel	188 O 28	
Collins, William		
Griffiths, Ann		
Haftilow,Th. and Jofeph	0 0 26	O 12 6
Ovcrfeers of the Poor	0 0 16	07 6
Owen, William, Gent.	■ -	ao 0 0
Parker, Jofeph		
Richardfon, Thomas	0 0 28	
Rubley, Thomas	6 1 8	010
White, Mary, Widow	36 133	48 0 'o
Wilkins, Thomas Sarah Bond, Mary-White, and Thomas > Wilkins -J N.B. The yearlv value deluded in tlur refpe&iVe Rems-Jofeph M 'uld George Mills	1 a 17 J3 3 3 003	300
	70s 3 12	700 13 0
		

All thofe the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay yearly a tiling, renewing, and increaflng of. within, upon, or out of all and every the Lands or Grounds fituate, lying, and being in the Precin&s, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, or Places of Kingfbury, HuVly, Stockings, or elfewhere, within the Parifh of Kingfbury, in^the County of Warwick.—The Timber growing on the Eftates ccmprifed in this Schedule, in the Parifh of Kingfbury, is of the Value of #£1,679. 8 s. 6d, or thereabouts.



48°GEORGII III. Cap.-jT,.

1341

WARWICKSHIRE—continued.

Names of the Far

Burditt’s Houfe and Lands Meffuage and Lands Chief Rent Meffuage and Lands Meffuage and Lands

Gilbart, Thomas Gilbart, Richard Grove, Thomas, Efq. Maine, John Orrill, Sarah, Widow

In the Parifli of CHILVERS COTON.

Lands - Slang Long Meadow

In the Parifh of NUNEATON.

Moiety of the Manor of Nuneaton

Rough - Woodland Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Two Meffuages, Abbey Wali Meffuage, Abbey End Meffuage, Abbey End

Meffuage and Garden, Wafh Lane Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Water Corn Mill and Lands

Meffuage and Garden, Back Lane Meffuage and Gardens, Bond End Mill Fields and Meadow Meffuage and Garden, Waff Lane Meffuage and Garden, Ab'pey End Land .

Meffuage and Garden, Waff Lane Meffuage and Lands Stable and Sty	-	-

Meffuage and Garden, Waff Lane Meffuage, Rack Lane Meffuage, Bond End Hoily Buff Publickc.Houfe and Gar-") den^ond- End	-	-	J

Meffuage, B^ck Lane Meffuage and Garden, Bond End • Meffuage, Back Lane Meffuage and Lands Garden, Back Lane Croft, BackTaue

Meffuage, Waff Lane	-	-	,

Water above the Old Abbey Mill Encroachment near Barr Green	'

White Horfe Publick Hoyfe* Mef- f | fuaye and Garden	r	-	\	I

Meffuage, Abbey Wall •	-

Meffuage and Garden, Barr Green ‘ Meffuages and Lands, Abbey E:.4

Aftley, John Townfend, George

Quit Rents

In Hand Arnold, George Arnold, John Arnold, John & William Arnold, William Aftley, John Baines, Henry Ballard, Alice, Widow Ballard, William Ball, Thomas Barnflay, John Bates, Thomas Beafley, Richard BinJey, William Black, John Bond, John Bonner, Samuel *

Bo"ock, William B'-ay - -	-

Brooks, Richard Brown, Ann , . Buckler, Eli z-abeth Buckler, William Campd^n, Thonv’s Clu ffire, Mary,.W idow Clay, Elizabeth, Widow Coltrr,an, William Coofke, John'

Cooper, Edward Cooper, Jonathan Coventry. Canal Comp. Ditto

Cttx, Thomas Ditto -Craddock, William Crpwffaw, Jofffff

Quantiiiei.	Yearly Rents.
R.	£ S. d.
3 16	30 13 6
!■ ! <	73 6 6
	
4« 1 5	60 O O
141 1 17	154 0 0
166 0 34	318 18 0
	
4 * .33	550
S 0 32	550
	3 8 Hi
6 6I§	—
005	O76
	Ol6
004	I I O
	0 2 0
14 i 4	40 O O
24 3- 33	70 o 0
	
0 0 .7	0 12 6
3 ° 37	28 0 c
	
0 0 26	i ° 0
53 3 W	97 3 0
005	
0 0 20	00 6
1 3 30	3 3 0
0 09.	
5 3 W	25 0 0
	
0 0. 24.	030
0 0 .3	050
0 9 1	0 j5 0
0 0 9	s ° 0
0 0 i	050
006	080
003	
64 0-	95 0 0
0	4 4 0
I O' 10	
002	300
	boo
008	076.
0 i 25	2 8 0
OOl	0 » 0. ,
	080
6 3 38	. -is 0 0

R(

in Nuneaton.

n Stocfei c^ford.

1344-

4-8’ GiiORGIl III. Cap. 73.

WA RWIC KSHIRE—continued.

NUN'EATON—«



Mefluage and Lands, Abbey End Mefluage and Garden, Abbey End Lands, .itto

jYeffuage and Garden, Wafh Lane Mefluage, Back Lane Mefluage and Croft, Back Lane Mefluage, Abbey Wall Mefluage, Back Lane Mefluage and Garden, Abbey End Mefluage and Garden Mefluages and Lands, Abbey End M> ffuage and Yard, Abbey End Mefluage aud Garden'

MefTuage and Garden, Abbey End

Mefluages and Garden, Swan Lane

Mefluages and Garden, Abbey End | Mefluage and Garden, Abbey Street Mefluage, Abbey-ftreet

Mefluages and Garden, Abbey End

Mefluages, Cherry Orchard and Land Mefluage and Gaiden, Abbey End Land

Mefluage and Garden, Back Lane Croft adjoining the Punch Bowl T Public Houle	-	-	f

Mefluage and Garden Mefluage and Garden, Abbey End Mefluage, Back Lane Land

Mefluage, Abbey Wall Mefluage, Back Lane Mefluage and Lands Land

IViefluage and Garden, Bond End

Hovel and Garden Wheat Lane

Mefluage aud Garden, Walb Lane

Mefluage, Back Lane

Mefluages and Gardens, Church Stre

Meff; ‘ge and Garden, Bond End

Mefluage and Garden, Bond End

Mefluages, Back Lane

Mefluage1 and Lands

Mefluage, Abbey End

Mefluage and Garden, Abbey End

Mefluage and Hovel, Bond End

Mefluage and Garden, Wa(h Lane

Mefluage, Abbey Wall

Mefluage, Back Lane

Mefluages and Garden, Bond End

Mefluage and Garden, Wafti Lane

Mefluage, Back Lane

Land

Mefluage and Garden, Church Street

Crofs, Elizabeth,Widow Crofs, George Donald, Alexander, Efq Dowell, Thomas Drakeley, Thomas Drakeley, William Dudley, Jofeph Dudley, Vincent Ellis, John Elfton, William Everitt, John 1- itco and El. Alexander Everitt, Thomas -Finch, Henry Foirlk, John, Ann Al-A cock, JohnAlcock, > & Euftacc DafforneJ Green, John, and Ca. J leb Crofs	-	J

Green, Sufanna, Widow Green, Thomas Green, W. Green, Jas. l Green,Wm, and Jo- i feph Bromley	- J

Green way. Geo. Gent. Groves, .Samuel Grimes, Samuel Hand, Thomas Harrifon,Frances,Widow

Harrifon, William Hood, Elizabeth,Widow Hurd, William lliffe, William Jacomb, John Jacomb, Francis Johnfon, William Kedy, James Keene, William Kirby, Jofeph Kirby, Jonathan Letter, Henry Letter, James

, Elzabeth, Widow Lcnton, John Lloyd, Nathaniel Mallabone, John Marfton, Arthur Marftoh, Wifliam Marfton, Ann, and 1 Edmund Molladay / Marfton, Mary, Widow Marfton, Robert Marfton,-Jofeph Merry, Jofeph and Wm. Moore, Ann, Widow -Moreton, Thomas Mountford, Holbeach Beet, William, late Nutt

a 3 5 73 3 4

o o 3 009

o o 3 o 3 25 002 5

0	o 14

23 3 16

001

22 3 4

19 7 6

07 6

2 IS o

4 0

$ o

050 o 10 o

050

48* G EORGII III. Cap.ji

1345

WARWICKSHIRE -cm::W.

NU NEAT ON—con tin ueJ.

ss of the Tenants- Quantities. Yeaily Rents.

A. R. P. i€ s. d

Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuage, Abbey Wall Meffuage and Garden, Wafh Lane Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage, Back Lane Meffuages, Back Lane	-	|

Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage and Garden, Wadi Lane Meffuage, Garden, and. Croft Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage, Abbey End Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage and Garden Meffuage and Garden, Abbey Street Meffuage and Garden, Abbey Street Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage, Bond End Cock and Bear Publick Houfe and 1 Garden	-	-	J

Meffuage and Garden, Wafh Lane Meffuage and Lands Meffuage and Garden, Back Lane Meffuage and Garden, Wadi Lane Meffuage and Garden Wafh Lane Meffuage and Garden, Wafh Lane Meffuage and Garden, W-aih Lane Meffuage and Lands Meffuage, Abbey Wall Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuage and Lands Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuage and Garden, Barr Green Meffuage, Back Lane Meffuage and Garden, Back Lane Meffuage, Abbey Wall Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuages and Gardens, Abbey End Meffuage and Garden, Bond End Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End Meffuage and Lands, Haunch Wood Meffuage and Lands	-	-

Meffuage, Abbey End Meffuage and Shop, Back Lane Meffuage, Back I*ane Meffuage, Bond End	.	-

Meffuage and Garden, Abbey End . Garden, Bond End	-	.	-

Meffuage and Garden, Wafh Lane . Part of Pigeon Flat

Onions, Thomas Oreton, Edward Oreton, Edward Oretop, John Oreton, John Oreton, Richard, and 1 Mary Pegg - $ Oreton, Thomas • Payne, John Pegg, David Petty, John Pignutt, James Pignutt, Samuel Petty, George Rayner, Samuel . Rayner, Thomas Robinfon, Samuel Rob'nfon, Sarah,Widow Rogers, Thomas Savage, Edward Smeeth, William Smith, Edward Stanford, John Stirley, Robert Suffolk, Thomas Suffolk, Thomas Suffolk, Rich, and John Suffolk, William	-

Thurman, William Vernon, John Wagftaff, i'avid Wagftaff, Daniel Wagftaff, Richard	1

Wagftaff, Sarah	J

Wagftaff, Samuel Walters, Eliz. Widow Wardles, John Waring, William Watts, Jofeph Webb, Eli/.. Widow Wheway, Jofeph Whitmore, Ann, Widow Whitmore, Thomas Wilkenfcn, Johu Wilfon, John Wilfton, William Winter, Thomas Winter, William -Woods, Sarah*

Woods, Thomas Wright, Mary, Widow W v kesj. George . Wilfon, John

,;P

[Lee. & Per.]

M46

48aGEORGII III. Cap. 73.

WARWICKSHIRE.

Karnes of the Farms and Holdings.

STOCKINGFO RD,

in the Parifh «f Nuneaton. Nickling Spring and King’s Woods Mefluage and Garden Common Piece Mefluage and Lands Mefluage and Garden	-

Garden	-

Mefluage and Garden	»

Mefluage and Garden Mefluage gnd Garden	•

Mefluage and Garden Mefluage, Garden, and Croft Mefluage and Garden Mefluage and Garden Part of a Croft Mefluage and Lands Mefluage and Garden Mefluage, Garden, and Croft Mefluage, Garden, and Crofts Mefluage and Garden Mefluage and Garden Land near Camp Hill - r Mefluage and Lands White Lion Publick Houfe and Land Mefluage and.'Lands Mefluage and Lands Lands

Mefluage, Garden, and Croft

Mefluage. Garden, and Croft

Mefluage and Gaiden

Mefluage and Garden

Mefluage and Garden

Mefluage, Garden, and Croft

Mefluage and Lands

Mefluage and Lands

Mefluage and Garden

Mefluage and Garden

Mefluage and Lands

Mefluage and Garden

Mefluage and Lands

Mefluage and Lands

Mefluage and Lands	*

Mefluage and Garden

Mefluage and Garden

Mcfluagcs and Garden

Meffuages and Garden

Mefluage and Lands	r	-	j

Mefluage and Garden

Lands

Mefluage, Garden, and Croft Meffuages and Lands Mefluage and Garden Mefluage and Lands Mefluage and-Garden Mefluage and Garden Mefluage and Ladds '	-

Mefluage and Lands	-	•?	j

Mefluage and Lands

In Hand

Aldridge, Ann, Widow Archer, John Afliby, Lucy A (Irby, Robert Bacon, William Bailey, John Baker, George Baker, George Binley, Edward Binlev, William Bolton, John Bolton, Thomas Bown, James Buckler, John Buckler, Robert Buckler, Robert Buckler, Thomas Buckler, William Cattell, Edward Coltman, William Cooper, Edward Cox, George Cox, Thomas Dagley, Jofeph Donald, Alexander, Efq. Dormer, James Dormer, John Earpe, !• dward Fairfield, John Garrett, Jofeph Grimes, John Hankinfon, Peter Harris* Samuel Harrifon, Thomas Herrolds, Richard Hincks, Richard Hunter, Richard Jephcote, John Jephcote, John Jephcote, John Jephcote,, Thomas Jephcote, Thomas Jephcote, Richard Jephcote, William Jenkin’s Charles, E:

Johnfon, Thomas . Johnlon, William

Keley, Jeremiah King. Robert Knight, Jeremiah Lad kin, Daniel Ligo, Samuel Lingard, Thorny Ludford, Juliana s Millifent Ludford, Thomas



£■ *■ *■

5 5 o

o 19 6

o 18 o o 15 o

46 12

7 18

19 6

lg 6

0,7 6 670 2	9	6

19 6 *5 o

Rent included it

Including Quantity of j.!"Pp’« M.efTuagc auO,

Quantity included with Thomas Jephcote’*.



4-8‘GEORGII III. Cap. 73,

1347

WARWICKSHIRE—continuej.

Names of the Farms and Holdings.	Name* of the Tenants.			Yearly R		-		
STO C K1NGFO RD—continued.		».	R. P.	£		i.		
Lands , - »	Marlow, Thomas	'S	6 38	6	0	0		
Meffuage and Lands *	Moore, Mar)', Widow		2 38	3	6	0		
Common Piece	Moore, William	1	* 31	1	0	0		
Meffuage and Lands	Moore, William	X	2 8	2	2	0		
Meffuage and Lands	Morgan, Jofeph	a	136	2	10	0		
Meffuage and Lands •	Ofbomc, William	64	I 24	65	1	0		
Lands	Neale, Thomas	53	0 38	42	12	0		
Meffuage and Garden	Petty, Elizabeth,Widow				8	0		
Melluage and Lands -	Pettv, Sufanna, Widow	1	I 12	1	J7	0		
Meffuage and Lands	Petty, John	1	0 35	2	5	0		
Meffuage and Garden	Petty, Thomas	0	0 6	0		0		
Meffuage, Garden, and Croft	Petty, Jofeph	0	3 0	0	25	0		
Meffuage, Garden, and Croft	Phillips, William	0	3 18	1	5	0		
Meffuage, Stone Pit, and Lands	Proffer, Thomas		0 8	10	10	0		
Meffuage, Garden, and Croft	Siddall, John		1	2	2	0		
Meffuage and Garden	Simolbn, William	0		0	7	6		
Meffuage, Garden, and Croft	Smith, George	0	3 32	1	6	6		
Meffuage and Garden	Smith, Hannah	0	0 18	0	17	6		
Cripples Inn and Garden	Smith, John	0		0		0		
Barn and Lands	Thurman, William		0 9			-		
Meffuage and Garden	Toone, John			0	10	0		‘
Meffuage and Lands	Topp, Catharine, Widow	49	2 35	39	5	0		
Meffuage and Garden	Topp,John				10	6	Qu*n	ity included
Meffuage and Land*	Townfend, William	>65	1 27	184	0	0	Wl	
Meffuage and Garden	Walton, William				7	6		
Meffuage and Garden	Whetilone, William	0		0		0		
Meff uage and Garden -	White, Frances	_		c		0	Quan	
Meffuage and Garden	White, Thomas	2	0 8	1		n	witn	G. *.
Meffuage and Lands	Willn, Jofeph	80		75		O		
Meffuage and Darden	Wilfon, Thomas					0		
Meffuage and Lands	Wood, John	4	1 *3	5		0		
		**55	0 13	?83	>5	6		
ATTLEBOROUGH,								
in the Parifh of Nuneaton.								
Meffuage and Garden	Armflrong, Robert		.	O		6		
Meffuage and Garden	Arnold, Richard					o		
Meffuage and Garden, in Ouflern Lane	Ball, James	0	1 8						
Meffuage and Garden	Ball, Mary, Widow	0	2 11			0		
Meffuage and Garden, in Garratt's ^	Ball, Thomas	0	0 ,t			0		
Meffuage, Garden, and Croft	Blakefly, Ann, Widow	1	1 21	6	o	O		
Garden, in Garratt’s Lane	Burdett, Thomas	0		0	1			
Meffuage and Garden	Brown, Jofeph	0		0	a	6		
Mefluages and Land at the Hall End	Bufwell, John	0		6	6	Q		
Meffuage and Lands	Drakeford, John				0	O		
Meffuage - -	Flowers, Robert					0		
Meffuage, Garden, and Croft	Garratt, Obadiah	0		3		c		
Meffuages and Lands	Garratt, Dorcas, Widow	3	2 24	*3	0	q		
Meffuage and Garden	Gaydfbv, John				10	0		
Meffuage and Garden	Green, William				JO			
Meffuage and Lands	Hand, James	ir‘\		323	0			
Meffuage and Garden	Harris, Jonathan	0			a	6		
Garden, in Ouflern Lane	Harris, Jofeph	• -		0	x	6		
Meffuage and Garden	Jacklon, Mary, Widow	r		0		6		
Meffuage and Garden	Keay, James	r	0 0	6	6			
Meffuage and Lands	Knight, Jeremiah	5		j		n		
Meffuage and Garden	Le er, John			o		0		
Meffuage and Garden	Teller, Robert	0	a 1	3	*5	0		

1348

48° GEORGII III, Cap.’ll

WARWICKSHI RE—continued.

ATTLE BOROUGH—continued. Three Crowns Public Houfe and ' Garden	-	-	j

Cow Houfe and Small Garden Meffuage and Lands Mefiuage and Garden Meffuage at the Hall End Meffuage at the Hall End Meffuage at the Hall End Meffuage and Garden Meffuage near the Toll Gate Meffuage and Lands Meffuage and Lands Meffuage and Lauds Meffuage and Garden Meffuage and Garden Meffuage and Land*

Lewis, Ifabella, Widow Mann, James Moore, Jofeph Oakey, John Paul, George Paul, Hofea Pegg, Richard Rowe, William Shears, Elizabeth Smith, John Thompfon, John Vernon, Thomas Walter, Elizabeth Wells, John Wright, William

7 6

The Timber growing upon the Eftates comprifed i of *£r,cc

NUNEATON, STOCKING FORD, and ATTLEBOROUGH.

NUNEATON.

Houfe in the Back Street

Part of the Bark Mill Houfe by the River Anker

Road from Church Street to the Water Mill

Houfe in the Market Place

Kit Croft and Wykey Field

Goofe Tree Houfe

Houfe in the Silver Street

Houfe in the Market Place

Houfe in the Church End

Houfe in the Market Place

School and Lands adjoining

Two Huufes in the Church Street

School Houfe in the Market Place

STOCK1NGFORD.

Prieft Field

Land near Nuthurft Heath Land near Galley Common

ATTLEBOROUGH.

Meffuages and Garden Stone Qua ry and Lands Land near the Hall End Houfe and Croft at the Hall End Houfe and Land at the Hall End

Ball, Thomas Burton, John

Churchwardens of Nuneaton Cradock, John

Dugdale, Penelope Bate, Widow Ditto

Farmer, Elizabeth, Widow Hanbury, Reverend William Hull

Jefferies, William Nuneaton School Governors Page Sarah, Elizabeth Page, an

Dugdale, Dugdale Stratford, Efq. Harper, Daniel Topp, Jofeph

Craddock, William Everard, John Greaiky, Jervoifc Vernon, John Wright, William

006

070

3

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

*349

NORTHUMBERLAND*

RENTAL of STAMFORDHAM CORN TYTHES, Leafehold, hold under the Bifhop of Durham for 21 Years, renewable every Seven Years.

Rents.		
,-e		d
*3	x3	0
55	0	O
n	0	0
2 6	0	0
3°	0	0
H	0	0
H	0	O
25	0	0
5	0	0
	0	0
4	10	0
7	0	0
		
•5	0	0
o	(I	0
3	S	0
16	10	0
ii	0	0
	10	0
38	0	0
16	10	0
2	5	0
21	0	-0
23	0	0
13	0	0
13	0	0
J4	0	0
22	0	0
12	0	0
13	0	0
12	10	0
IX	0	0
9	0	0
10	l3	0
30		0
24		0
0	16	0
13	0	0
10	0	0
20	0	0
19	0	0
	10	0
19	0	0
3r		
4«	0	0
	10	0
3	0	0
0	18	0
4	4	0
6	10	0
9	0	0

HAWKWELL

WEST MATFltf

BLACK HEDDON

■{

i

John Jurdon John Anderfon Robert Alkill -

Thomas Birtley Matthew Barron Thomas Ridley -	Barron	-

David Barron	-

William Dixon John Harrifon	*

William Charlton Robfon and Bewicke Robert and James Bewicke John Errington

William Hepple G. Hepple Thomas Bell

William Lumfdon John Reed William Bates

Sir William Blackett Wales and Hedley	-

James Dodd	^

John Dixon	*

Jofeph Dinnim M Aynfley Andrew Robfon Thomas Atkinfon John Elliott Thomas Fairbarn Sir William Blackett John Charlton G and Thomas Harrifon Jofeph Brown William Dodd Henry Brown

William Dunn Henry Stobert Meffrs» Dobfon Thomas Robfon Robert Rowell Michael Hutchinfon Me firs. Stephenfon William Simpfon m James Dixon John Robfon Mrs. Hunter	-

William B re well

James Scott i

9‘ ‘3

6g ;

•5 2

[Lee. tst Per.]

135®

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 73

NORTHUMBERLAND.

N. B. The other Moiety belongs to Sir William Blackett, Bart,

TOTALS COLLECTED.

WARWICKSHIRE

Kinglbury	-	■*

Timber £ J>679 S 6. Burton Haltings -	*

Chilvers Coton Nuneaton

Stockingford, in Nuneaton Parifh Attleborough in Ditto

Timber about £ 1,000.

706 3 12 266 o 34

I Quit Rents in Nuneaton, Stockingford, 1 M and Attleborough	-	-/

( Moiety of Stamfordham Corn T ythes, as let for the Year"» NORTHUMBERLANP | One thoufand eight hundred and feven «	-	-J

Thomas .

318 x8 5 5 1,566 16 783 15 824 14

4*203	9	51

5J9 4 10

LONDON: Printed by Georgk Eyre and Anbrew ,$trah.w3 Primers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. i8,q8.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

si

si

»»*********************M(************S*i(H|H»****)(H|()||**#j|l***«

Cap. 74.

An Ad: for enabling "John William Spicer Efquire, to grant Building Leafes of Lands, in the ParilR of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years.	[27th	May	1808.J

WHEREAS Richard Spicer, late of Topjham, in the County of Win of Devon, Efquire, deceafed, being in his Life Time feifed in his De-mefne as of Fee of a certain Eftate of Freehold and Inheritance 1791, recited^ fituate in the Parifh of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surry, did by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Third Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two., duly executed and attefted, as by Law is required for'devifing Real Effates, give, deyife and bequeath all his Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments whereof he was feized of anyEdateof Freehold or Inheritance, fituate in the Parifh of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surry, and in theParifh of Topjham aforefaid, and all other his Real Eftate whatfoever and wherefoever, fituate in the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto Ifaac Samuel Clamtree qS. Colchejler, in the County of Ejjex, Efquire, and Dodlor Thomas Nowell, Principal of Saint Mary Hall in the Univerfity of Oxford, and their Heirs, to the Ule of his Wife,

Frances Octavia Spicer, now Frances Octavia De la Motte, and her Affigns tor her natural Life, without Impeachment of or for any Manner of [Loo Per.}	1	$	R*	Wafte,

*354-

48' GEORGII Iir. Cap. 74.

Wade, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Jfaac Samuel Clamtree and Thomas Nowell, and their Heirs, for the natural Life of the laid Frances Octavia Spicer, upon the ufual Trulls for preferving contingent Ufes and Eftates, with Remainder to the Ufe of his Nephew, William Edward Spicer (in the faid Wili called Edjyafd Spicer), on<2 of the Sons of his late Brother, William Spicer of Wear, in the faid Parilh of Topjham, Efquire, deceafed, and his Affigns, for the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment for Waite, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Ifaac Samuel Clamtree and Thomas Nowell, and their Heirs, for the natural Life of the faid William Edward Spicer, upon the ufual Trulls for preferving contingent Ufes and EPiates, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft, Second, Third, Fourth, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the faid William Edward Spicer, lawfully to be begotten fuccef-fively, according to the Priority of their Births in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Ufe of his the Teftator’s Nephew, John William Spicer, in the faid Will called John Spicer, another of the Sons of his late Brother, William Spicer, deceafed, and his Affigns, for the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment for Waite, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Jfaac Samuel Clamtree and Thomas Nowell, and their Heirs, during the natural Life of the Teftator’s faid Nephew, John William SpF efr, upon the ufual Trulls for preferving the contingent Ufes and Eftates, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft, Second, Third, Fourth, and all and every other Son or Sons of the Body of the faid John William Spicer, lawfully to be begotten fucceffively, according to the Priority of their Births in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Ufe of his Nephew, William Frederick Spicer, in the faid Will called Frederick Spicer, another of the Sons of his late Brother, William Spicer, deceafed, and his Affigns, for the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment for Waite, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Ifaac Samuel Clamtree and Thomas Nowell, and their Heirs, lor the natural Life of the laid William Frederick Spicer, upon the ufual Trulls for preferving the contingent Ufes and Eftates, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft, Second, Third, Fourth, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the faid William Frederick Spicer, lawfully to be begotten fucceffively, according to the Priority of their Births in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Ufe of his Nephew William Henry Spicer, in the faid Will called Henry Spicer, another of the Sons of his late Brother, William Spicer, deceafed, and his Affigns, for the Term of his natural Life, widiout Impeachment of or for any Manner of Wade, with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Jfaac Samuel Clamtree and Thomas Nowell, and their Heirs, for the natural Life of the faid William Henry Spencer, upon the ufual Trulls for preferving the contingent UPs and Eftates, with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft, Second, Third, Fourth, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the faid William Henry Spicer, lawfully to be begotten fucceffively, -according to the Priory of their Births in Tail Male, with Remainder, or Reverfion, to the Ufe of the Right Heirs of the laid William Henry Spicer for ever: And whereas the. laid Richard Spicer, the Teftator, departed this Life on or about the Fourteenth Lay of July One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, feized as afdrelaid of the faid Eftate without having alteiedor revoked his faid Will, leaving William Francis Spicer, of Wear in the Parilh oiTopJbam, in the County of Devon, Efquire, his Nephew and Heir at Law, whereupon the faid Frances Ofiavia Spicer became feized of the laid Eftate for her Life, under^ and according to the faid Will: And whereas the faid Frances Qfiavia Spicer., on or 3	about

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 74.	i3$s

about the Firft Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, intermaried with Philip De la Motts, Efq. who, on or about the Eleventh Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and five, departed this Life, leaving the faid Frances Oft avia De la Motte him furviving : And whereas the faid William Edward Spicer i the Nephew, departed this Life on of about the Sixteenth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, a Bachelor, and the faid John William Spicer and William Henry Spicer are Bachelors, and the faid IViiliam Frederick Spicer has no Iffue Male : And whereas by Indenture of Leafe bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and made between the faid Frances Oct avia De la Motte of the One part, and the faid John William Spicer of the other Part, the faid Frances Qttavia De la Motte did grant and demile, leafe, fet, and to farm let, unto the faid John William Spicer, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, feveral Meffuagcs or Tenements and Hereditaments in the faid Indenture defcribed, being the Meffuagcs, Tenements and Hereditaments defcribed in the Schedule to this Aft, to hold the fame Meffuages,

Tenements, Ground, and Premifes, unto the faid John William Spicer*

his Heirs and Afligns, for and during the Refidue of the natural Life of

the faid Frances Octavia De la Motte, at the yearly Rent or Sum of Four

Hundred and Fifty Pounds, payable Half-yearly, as therein mentioned $

and the faid John William Spicer is feized thereof accordingly ; And

whereas the faid Meffuages, Tenements, Grounds, and Hereditaments

comprifed in the Schedule to this Aft, being Parcel of the faid Eftate fo

demifed by the faid Will, are, from their advantageous Situation, capable

of great Improvement, and fuch Improvement would be encouraged

and likely to take place if the fame Meffuages; Tenements, Ground, and

Hereditaments, could be granted for long Terms of Years on building,

repairing, and improving Leafes, and the faid John William Spicer, William

Frederick Spicer, William Henry Spicer, the Nephews, Tenants for Life

under the faid Will, and William Francis Spicer, the Heir at Law of the

faid Richard Spicer the Teftator, are willing and dtfirous that fuch

Leafes (hall be granted •, but inafmuch as by reafon of the Limitations in

ftrift Settlement contained in the Will of the faid Richard Spicer the

Teftator, no abfolute and permanent Leafes can be made without the Aid

and Authorty of Parliament: May it pleafe Your Majefty, on the humble

Petition of the faid John William Spicer, William Frederick Spicer, and

William Henry Spicer, That it may be enafted •, and be it enafted, by

the King’s rnoft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall

be lawful for the faid John William Spicer, during his Life, and after his dried'in sci.«s

Death, and during the Life of the faid Frances Octavia de la Motte, to dule*

and for the Executors, Adminftrarors, and Afligns, of the faid John

William Spicer, and after the Death of the Survivor of the faid Frances

Octavia De la Motte, and John William Spicer, to and for the Perfon or

Perfons who for the Time being and from l ime to Time, fhall be in

the aftual Poffeflion, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the faid

Meffuages, Tenements, Ground, and Hereditaments, comprifed in

the Schedule to this Aft, by Virtue of the Limitations contained

in the Will of the faid Richard Spicer the Teftator, in cafe fuch

Perfon or Perfons fhall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, and

19 and for the Guardian, or Guardians for the Time being of

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 74*

filch Perfon or Perfons refpedively while a Minor or Minors, bf Indenture fealed and delivered by him or them refpedively in the Prefence of and attefled by Two or more credible Witnefies, to demife or leafe all or any Part or Parts of the Mefluages, Tenements, Ground and Hereditaments, devifed by the Will of the faid Richard Spicer the Teftator, and which are particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this prefent Ad, with their Appurtenances, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be willing and fhall covenant and agree to improve the fame, by eredmg or building thereon any new Houfe or Houfes, Eredions, or Buildings, or to rebuild or repair any of the Meffuages or Tenements, Eredions and Buildings whatfoever, which now are or hereafter fhall be on the Scite of the fame Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or to expend fuch Sums of Money in the Improvement thereof refpedively, as fhall be thought adequate for the Interell therein refpedively, to be parted with, with or without Liberty for the Leffeeor Leffees to take down all or anyPart or Parts of any Buildings which may be handing upon the Premifes, in any fuch Leafe or Leafes refpedively to be comprifed, and to convert and difpofe of the Meterials thereof to fuch Ufes and Purpofes as fhall be therein mentioned and agreed upon ; and alfo to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprized in fuch Leafe or Leafes as and for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to any Building or Buildings built or to be built upon the Premifes, or as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Road or Roads, Avenue or Avenues, Paflage or I’affages, Sewer or Sewers, for the Ufe and Convenience of the Leffee or Lellces, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premifes, in fuch Manner as fhall be mentioned and agreed upon in fuch Leafe or Demife, together with luch Privileges and other Eafements as fhall by the faid John William Spicer, or any other the Perfon or Perfons executing fuch Leafe, be deemed reafon-able or convenient, fo as each fuch Leafe fhall be for a Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to take Effed either inPofleffion dr immediately after the Determination of the fubfifting I>eai'e for the Time being of the fame Hereditaments refpedively, and fo that *he fubfifling and reverfionary Terms do not together exceed the 'l’erm of Ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the Time of making fuch r irft Leafe or Le'tfes refpedively ; and fo as no reverfionary Leafe fhall be granted to any other Perfon or Perfons than the then Tenant or Tenants under the fulfilling Leafe or Leafes ; and fo as there be referved in and by fuch Leafes or Demifes respectively the beft and inofl improved yearly Rent that can be reafonably had or gotten for the fame Leafes refpectively, at the Time of executing the fame Leafes, the fame Rents to be made payable Half-yearly, • or oftener, free from all Deductions whatfoever (Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprifed in fuch Demifes or Leafes), without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, or any Thing in the Nature thereof, for the making fuch refpective Leafes or Demifes ; and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpectively, Covenants from the re'pecrive LefFees. to pay the Rents referved by the Leafes granted to them refpectively, and to build and keep ;n Repair the Mefluages, Erections, and Buildings, which may have been or may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premifes, or may be built or building thereon at the Time of the Execution of fuch Leafe or Leafes and to furrendtr and leave in Repair the Mefluages, Eredions, and Buildings to be eroded and built upon the Premifes thereby refpedively to be leafed at the End of the Term or Terms in fuch Leafes to be granted j and

+8°GEORGII III.	r357

fo that there be aKo contained in fuch Leafes or Demife* or Grants ref-pedively Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby referred, for a Time nor exceeding Three Calendar Months, to be limited in fuch Leafes refpedively; and fo as the refpcdive Leffees fhtill feverally execute and deliver to the Leffors Counterparts of their refpective Leafes.

II. Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, his Heirs and General SuccefTors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and baving* Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, and Admindra tors (other than and except the faid John William Spicer, William Frederick Spicer, William Henry Spicer, the Nephews refpectively, and the Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns, of the faid John William Spicer, and the full and other Sons of the faid John William Spicer, William Frederick Spicer, and William Henry Spicer, the Nephews refpectively, and the Heirs Males of the Bodies of the fame fird and other Sons refpectively, and to the faid William Francis Spicer, his Heirs and Affigns,) all the Eftate,

Right, Title, Intercft, Claim, and Demand, whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the Premifes comprized in the faid Will of the faid Richard Spicer the Tedator, and in the Schedule to this Act, which they or any of them had before the palling gf this Act, pr could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

TIL And be it further enacted, That this Ad fhall be printed by the Evidence. Printer to the King’s' mod Excellent Majedy, and a Copy thereof lb sprinted (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, 'and others.

>3< »

d i

s

>5-5

[Lur d? Per, J

The

+3” GEORG II III. Cap. 74.

I3S8

The SCHEDULE herein-before referred to.

A MefTuage, with the Appurtenances, in the Tenure") ^ or Occupation of Thomas Aihley.	I

A Six Acres and Half of Garden Ground, alfo in the ( Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Afhiey.	J

All the old Leafes expire at Midfummer 1SoH.

A MefTuage or Tenement called the Artichoke, with the*') Appurtenances, now in the Poffdiion of Meffrs-.Clowes, Newberry, Madox, and Company, Brewers.

A. A Meliuage, with the Appurtenances, in the Occu- y pation of William GoulJ.

A MelTuage, with the Appurtenances, now or late in the | Tenure or Occupation of Lawrence Calverley.

A MefTuage, with the Appurtenances, called by the^ NameoT the RoTe and Crown, together with the Three | Meffuages thereunto adjoining, with tbeir Appurte- 1

A.	nances, which faid Four lait mentioned MefTua^es are ;

now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Hoi- | combe, his Undertenant or Undertenants.	J

All that other MefTuage on the South Side of Bull-Head') Court, near Newington Caufeway, together with the Yard and Garden enclofed and fronting the fame; and alfo the Shed or Sheds adjoining on the North End of the faid MefTuage or Tenement and Premifes, now in the Poffeliion of William Fawcitt or his Undertenants. '	i

*&• Alfo Seven fmall Meffuages which have been erecled on ' the North Side and Eaft End of the faid hil mentioned Yard and Garden, with the Appurtenances, and row or lately in the Poffefiion of J. Bridgeman, Charles Cox, William C.ole; John Morris, William Ragen, William Jones, and John Arding, as Undertenants to the faid William Fawcitt.

Alfo a Meifuage with the Two Gardens thereto adjoining j

B.	and belonging, now in the Poffeffion of Elizabeth Ben- >

nett. Widow.	J

Alfo a MefTuage with the Appurtenances, with the Shop") or Shed adjoining to, and in front of the faid MefTuage, and a fmali Yard or Garden behind the fume, now in the Poffeffion or Occupation of James Leavers.

Alfo a Meifuage now in the Pofleffion of Eliis Bearckley* j

Alfo Three Rooms or Apartments over the back Part j of the MefTuage, and now converted into and forming j 7

£■ * d.

46	13	4

£■ J. d. 650	O	O

140	0	O

36 O O

*359

48* GEORGII III. Cap.74.

Rents referred I

by the fubtfting Annual Value. Leafes. I

A.

B.

B.

Part of the prefent Dwelling Houfe of the faid James Leavers.	|

Alfo Two Wooden Sheds fituate behind, adjoining Eafl- 1 ward on a Railing or Gateway, late of the faid Edward | Bennett, but now of the Widow Bennett.

Alfo Two Meffuages, now in the Poffeffion of James Dams and James Idams the younger, as Undertenants | to the faid James Leavers.

Alfo Two Wooden Sheds or Buildings nearly adjoining.!

to the laft-mentioned Meffuages.

Alfo a Meffuage with the Appurtenances, now in the Tenure or Occupation of Benjamin Noakes, his Tenants or Undertenants.

Alfo a Plot of Ground and Stable thereon, or bn Part thereof, now in the Tenure or Poffeffion of the faid Benjamin Noakes, his Undertenant or Undertenants. J Alfo a Plot of Ground now in the Tenure or Poffeflion ! of the Reprefentatives or Devifees of Richard Hollyer, > deceafed, their Undertenant or Undertenants.	j

£■ dU-

37	16	-o	120

18 o o 40

A Pepper Corn. 13

S. d.

O O

o o

All which Meffuages and Hereditaments are fituate in the Parifh of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surrey.

235	9	41136	o	o

Mr. Gubbins fpeaks to parts (A.)

Mr. Sarel to (B.)

James Gubbins.

Andrew Lovering Sarel.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majelty. 1808.







:

; St- .	■	'-I'-	'	*°

V

i^l



■ :

(.	.	-j.	-	'

'■ '	■	a.	;	>.i	I-	,	ijlii

W'n :■:!% 1 ■! :u-~ ir-»-	■:! * • i 3ViOJ

.	.	;i	.	:

. • •

V* •*>

• ■

■ IIL-l'	>'v	■	•■■	.	:‘:1

■4ip. .;it, .	a,

-



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG1I III. REGIS.

Cap. 75.

An Aft for effe&uating an Exchange between ’Thomas IVilliam Coke Efquire, and the Truftees of his fettled Eftates.	[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Thomas late Earl of LeiceJler, Will of Tho.

duly made and publifhed his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, mas Earl °f dated the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thoufand feven hun- jJJ* dredand fifty-fix, and thereby after difpofing of a Meffuage in the County 2^ ,756,t of Middlefex, gave and devifed his capital Seat or Houfe at Holkham in the recited. County of Norfolk, and his Park there ; and all and fingular his Freehold and Copyhold Manors, Hereditaments, and Real Eftates whatfoever, fituate in the feveral Counties of Norfolk, Kent, Somerfet, Oxford, and in the City of London, and elfewhere in England, fubje£t to the Incumbrances that fhould be charged thereon at the Time of his Deceafe, unto and to the Ufe of Sir Matthew Lamb Baronet, and Ralph Cauldwell Gentleman, their Heirs and Aftigns ; upon Truft out of the Rents and Profits to pay the Jointures, Annuities, Rents, and Interefts of Mortgages and Incumbrances that fhould be charged on the fame Premifes at the Time of his Deceafe, fo long as the fame fhould be charged thereon ; and upon further Truft by Sale or Mortgage to raife fo much Money as would pay his Bond and Simple Contratt Debts, that his Perfonal Eftate fhould be deficient in paying ; and upon Truft to pay the Refidue of the Rents to his Wife Margaret Countefs of LeiceJler for her Life, and after her Death to pay an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds to his Niece Ann Roberts for her Life, and Annuities for Life of One hundred Pounds a-piece to all the younger Sons of his Sifter Ann Roberts, and alfo to raife the clear yearly Sum uf Three thoufand Pounds, and apply the fame in paying oft' and difcharging [Loc, & Per.]	15	T	the

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

the Mortgages that Ihould affe£l his Real Eftate? at the Time of his Death 5 and upon further Trull to pay the Refidue of the faid Rents and Profits to his faid Siller Ann Roberts for her feparate Ufe during her Life, and after her Deceafe he directed that the faid capital Houfe, Manors, Hereditaments, and Real Eftates, devifed to his Trullees Ihould (fubjeft to the Trulls afore-faid) be in Trull for his Nephew Wenman Coke Efquire, the eldefl Son of the laid Teftator’s Siller Ann Roberts, for his Life, with Remainder after his Deceafe, in Trull for Thomas William Coke Efquire, then the only Son of the laid Wenman Coke, and his AlTigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Walle; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Thomas William Coke, in Trull to preferve Contingent Remainders ; with Remainder in Trull for the firfland other Sons of the faid Thomas William Coke fuccef-fively in Tail Male ; with Remainder in Trull for all the other Sons of the faid Wenman Coke fuccdlively in Tail Male ; with divers Remainders over ; with the ultimate Remainder in Trull for the right Heirs of the faid Tefrator : And the faid Teflator thereby gave and devifed all his Leafehold Eftates of what Nature or Kind foever, unto the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, during the Terms he had therein, in Trull for fuch Purpofes and for fuch Eftates, and fubjecl to fuch Payments, Charges, and Limitations, as he had before exprelfed and declared concerning the faid Freehold and Copy-hold Hereditaments, or as near thereto as might be ; and he directed that the Leafes Ihould from Time to Time be renewed out of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premifes, in the Names of the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell, or the Survivor of them, or his legal Reprefentatives, and that all the new Leafes Ihould be upon the like Trulls; and he appointed the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell Executors of his Will: And whereas the faid Thomas Earl of Leicejler duly made and pub-lilhed a Codicil to his faid laft Will and Teftament, dated the Twentieth Day pf May One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven, and thereby, after taking Notice that fince the making of his faid Will, he had purchafed feveral Eftates lying in the Parilhes of Burnhams, Wighton, and elfewhere, in the County of. Norfolk, he gave and devifed the fame unto and to the Ufe of the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell, their Heirs and Alligns, upon the fame Trulls as were by his faid laft Will and Teftament dire£led concerning his faid capital Seat at Holkham, and his other Real Eftates : And whereas the faid TeftatoPs Sifter Ann Roberts married Philip Roberts Efquire, and had Iflue only Five Sons (that is to fay) the faid Wenman Coke (formerly Wenman Roberts) her eldeft Son, and Philip Roberts, William Roberts, Edward Roberts, and Thomas Roberts her younger Sons, and died in the Life-time of the faid Teftator: And whereas the faid Teftator died in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-nine without Iflue, and without having altered or revoked his faid Will or Codicil, leaving the faid Wenman Coke his Heir at Law ; and the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell proved the faid Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury : And whereas all the Annuities given by the faid TeftatoPs faid Will, have determined by the Death of his faid Niece Ann Roberts, and bv the Deaths of the faid Philip Roberts, William Roberts, Edward Roberts, and Thomas Roberts : And whereas the Bond and Simple Contract Debts of the faid Teftator, which his Perfonal Eftate was infuf-ficient to pay, amounted to the Sum of Thirty thoufand fix hundred and fixteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, which Sum 8	the

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 75.	1363

the faid Sir Matthew Lamb and Ralph Cauldwell, in the Year One thou-fand feven hundred and fixty-five, raifed by a Mortgage of Part of the faid Teftator’s Eftates, for the Term of One thoufand Years: And whereas the faid Margaret Countefs of Leicejler died in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and the faid Wenman Coke died in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, leaving the faid Thomas Williampoke and Edward Coke Efquire, his only Sons, and no other Ilfue Male: And whereas the faid Sir Matthew Lajnb died in theYear One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-eight: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Releafe, dated Indentures the Twenty-firft and Twenty-fecond Days of January One thoufand feven da*ed 31 hundred and eighty-two, the Releafe made between the faid Ralph Cauld-	Jan‘

well of the Firft Part, the faid Thomas William Coke of the Second Part,

Edward Coke Efquire, of the Third Part, and James Dutton Efquire, (now the Right Honourable James Lord Sherborne) and Thomas Majler of Cirenccjler, in the County of Gloucejler, Efquire, of the Fourth Part; the faid Ralph Cauldwell releafed, conveyed, and afligned all the faid Teftator’s Freehold Eftates, and his Lealehold Eftates in the County of Norfolk, unto and to the Ufe of the faid James Lord Sherborne and Thomas Majler, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns refpe&ively, upon the Trufts directed concerning the fame, by the faid Teftator’s faid Will and Codicil: And whereas by Indenture of Bargain and Sale inrolled, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred Indenture and eighty-two, and made between the faid Thomas William Coke and dated Feb.2 8, Edward Coke of the Firft Part ; Thomas Dunn Gentleman, of the Second l7 2'-Part; and John Gay Efquire, of the Third Part; and by a Common Recovery fuftered in purfuance of the faid Indenture of Bargain and Sale, wherein the faid Edward Coke was vouched, the equitable Eftate Tail of the faid Edward Coke, and the Remainders over of and in all the Freehold Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, devifed by the faid Will and Codicil, were barred ; and the faid Recovery was declared to enufe, in the Firft Place, for corroborating and confirming the feveral Ufes, Eftates, and Trufts limited by the faid Will and Codicil, prior to the Limitation to the Second Son of the faid Wenman Coke in Tail Male, and fubjed thereto, to fuch Ufes, and upon fuch Trufts, as the faid Thomas William Coke and Edward Coke fhould jointly limit or appoint, with Remainders over in Default of fuch joint Limitation or Appointment: And by the fame Indenture of Bargain and Sale, it was witneffed, that the faid Thomas William Coke and Edward Coke afligned to the faid Thomas Dunn, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Alligns, all the Leafehold Eftates which they were entitled unto by virtue of the faid Will and Codicil of the faid Thomas Earl of Leicejler, in Truft, for fuch Intents- and Purpofes as were by the fame Indenture declared concerning the faid Freehold Hereditaments, or as near thereto as the Nature of the faid Leafehold Eftates would admit: And whereas by Indentures of Leafe and Appoint- Indentures ment, and Releafe, dated the Sixth and Seventh Days of April One thou- dated 6th and fand feven hundred and ninety-two, the Releafe made between the faid ^Pr*b Thomas William Coke of the Firft Part; the faid Edward Coke of the Second 1/$2%

Part; William Colhoun Efquire, and Grace Coke, (then Grace Colhoun Spin-fter) of the Third Part; the laid James Lord Sherborne and Ralph Dutton Efquire, of the Fourth Pait; Sir John Lombe Baronet, and Anthony Hammond Efquire, of the Fifth Part; Thomas Majler the younger, Efquire, and Gujtawus Lambari Efquire, of the Sixth Part; Edward Farfon Efquire, and William Woodley Efquire, of the Seventh Part; the Right

Honourable

»364-

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 75.

Honourable Charles Earl Manners, then Charles Pierrepoint Efquire, therein named by Miftake Evelyn Pierrepoint Efquire, John Harrifon Efquire, therein named by Miftake Thomas Harrifon Efquire, Edmund Rolfe the elder, Efquire, and the faid Thomas Dunn, of the Eighth Part j and Edmund Rolfe the younger, Efquire, and William Windham Efquire, of the Ninth Part; being the Settlement made prior to the Marriage then intended and foon after had between the faid Edward Coke and Grace Coke his Wife ; it was witnefled, that the faid Thomas William Coke and Edward Goke did jointly limit, appoint, grant, and releafe the faid capital Seat or Houfe and Park at Hoik ham, and all other the Freehold Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Norfolk and Oxford, deviled by the faid Will and Codicil, together with divers other Freehold Hereditaments in the faid County of Norfolk, (fubject to the Ufes, Eftates and Trufts, limited by the faid Will prior to the Limitation inTruft for the Second Son of the faid Wenman Coke in Tail Male) from and after the Solemnization of the faid Marriage, to the Ufe of the faid Thomas Majler the younger, and Gufavus Lambart, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for the Term of One thoufand Years, upon Truft, for raifing any Sum not exceeding Twenty thoufand Pounds, to be applied as the faid Thomas William Coke Ihould appoint; and after the Deceafe of the faid Thomas William Cuke, upon further Truft for raifing any Sum not exceeding Twenty thoufand Pounds, to be applied as the faid Edward Coke Ihould appoint; with Remainder to the Ufe that Jane the Wife of the faid ThomasWilliam Coke in cafe fhe Ihould furvive her Hulband, might receive a clear yearly Rent Charge of Five hundred Pounds during her Life ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Sir John Lombe and Anthony Hammond, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, upon Truft for better feeuring the laid yearly Rent Charge ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Edward Coke and his Affigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte ; with Remainder to the Ufe of Truftees during his Life, upon Truft to preferve Contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Ufe that the faid Grace Coke, and her Affigns, in cafe ffie Ihould furvive the faid Edward Coke, might, during her Life, receive for her Jointure and in lieu of Dower a clear yearly Rent Charge of Two thoufand Pounds, to be paid Half-yearly, with Powers of Diftrefs and Entry on Non-payment thereof; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Edward Parfon and William Woodley, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for the Term of One hundred Years, upon Truft for better fecuring the fame yearly Rent Charge ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Charles Earl Manvers, John Harrifon, Edmund Rolfe the elder, and Thomas Dunn, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for the Term of One thoufand five hundred Years, upon Truft for raifing Portions for the Children of the faid Marriage, other than an eldeft or only Son (that is to fav) if One fuch Child, the Sum of Twelve thoufand Pounds; if Two fuch Children, the Sum of Twenty-two thoufand Pounds ; if Three fuch Children, the Sum of Thirty-two thoufand Pounds; and if Four or more fuch Children, the Sum of Forty-two thoufand Pounds ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Edmund Rolfe the younger, and William Windham, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, for the Term of Two thoufand Years, upon Truft for railing out of the Rents and Profits of thePre-mifes comprized therein, the clear yearly Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, to be applied as a Sinking Fund, in difeharge of the Mortgages and Charges that fhould affect the fame Premifes, by virtue of the Trufts of

the

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap.75.	1365

the faidlaft mentioned Term of One thoufand Years, and the faid Term of One thouland five hundred Years; with Remainder to the Ufe of the firfl; and other Sons of the faid Marriage lucceflively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Ufe of the firfl and other Sons of the faid Edward Coke by any after taken Wife, fucceflivcly In Tail Male ; with Remainder to the Ufe of fuch Perfons, for fuch Eftates, and upon and for fuch Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, as the faid Thomas J Vi iliu m Coke and Edward Coke (hould jointly appoint; with divers Remainders over, in Default of and lubjed to fuch joint Appointment: And in the fame Indenture of Appointment and Releafe there is contained a Power to the faid James Lord Sherborne and Ralph Dutton, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor after the Deceafe of the faid Thomas William Coke, and Faiiure of his IfTue Male, to exchange all or any Part of the faid fettled Eftates, for any other Hereditaments firuate in England or Wales ; and by the fame Indenture of Appointment and Releafe, the faid Thomas William Coke and Edward Coke appointed that the faid Thomas Dunn, his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, fhould (land poffdfed of the I eafchold Eftates exprefled to be af-figned by the faid Indenture of Bargain and Sale, (except certain Leafe-holds in the County of Somerfet') in Truft, that the fame might go along with the Freehold Hereditaments, by the fame Indenture of Appointment and Releafe appointed, granted, and releafed, as far as the Nature of the faid Lealehold Eftates would admit: And whereas the faid Jane Coke, Ralph Dutton, William Woodley, and Thomas Dunn, are all dead, and the faid Thomas William Coke has no IfTue Male: And whereas the faid Edward Coke intermarried with the faid Grace Colhoun, and has IfTue only Four Children, namely, Thomas William Coke the Younger, Edward Ralph Coke, Eliza Grace Coke, and Maria Jane Coke, who are all Infants : And whereas Part of the faid fettled Eftates confifts of a Parcel of Land in the Parifh of Bylaugh, in the County of Norfolk, called the Glebe Lands, Tythe free, containing Seventeen Acres and Sixteen Perches, and of the Tythes of One thoufand two hundred and fixty-eight Acres of cultivated Land, or thereabouts, in the fame Parifh, belonging to the faid Sir John Lombe, and in the feveral Occupations of James Blomfield, and James Warm; and of One hundred and ninety Acres, or thereabouts, of Heath Land, in the Occupation of William Llomfeld, and of Thirty Acres of Plantation and Rights of Common, in the Occupation of Sir John Lombe Baronet, in the faid Parifh ; and alfo of the Advowfon, or Right of Prefentation, to the perpetual Curacy of the faid Parifh of Bylaugh : And whereas the faid Glebe Lands in the Parifh of By laugh, Tythes, Heath Land, Rights of Common, and Advowfon, were comprifed in the faid Mortgage Term of One thoufand Years, but have been releafed therefrom, and the fame are not fubjeft to any Mortgage, Annuity, Rent, Jointure, or Incumbrance,- created prior to the Death of the faid Thomas Earl of Leicjler : And whereas the faid Thomas William Coke is feifed in Fee Simple, free from Incumbrances,

(except a Leaie for Twenty-one Years, made by Indenture dated the Third Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to commence from the Day of the Date thereof,) of a Freehold Eftate, called the Peicr-fione Fjlate, confifting of the Scite of the Manor of Pe'erjlone, a Farm Houfe, Bam, Stable, and other Buildings, and feveral Pieces of Land, lying difperfed in the Parilhes of Pete f one, Hoik ham. Edge more, Barfham Creeks, Burnham Thorpe9 Burnham Query, and South Creek, in the Countv [Lac. & Per,']	of

1366

4-S1’ GEO R.G11 III. Cap. 75.

of, Norfolk, containing Four hundred and fixty-three- Acres and tliirty Perches, and a Sheepwalk for Two hundred and twenty-five Sheep, in the Parifh of Holkham. and a Portion of Tythes in the Pari fin of Burnham; and is alfofeifed in Fee Simple, free from Incumbrances, of a Freehold Eftate called the Bendy Eftate, confiding of feveral Parcels of Land, lyingdifperfedin the Parities of Burnham Sutton, Burnham Ulph, Burnham Thorpe, and Burnham Wejlgate, in the County of Norfolk, containing Fifty-four Acres and Thirteen Perches} and is alfo feifed in Fee Simple, free from Incumbrances, of feveral Parcels of Freehold Land, lving difperfed in the faid Parifh of Burnham Sutton, containing Fourteen Acres lately Parcel of the Glebe Land belonging to the Rectory of Burnham Saint Alberts, other wife Burnham Sutton, and the Mediety of the Redtory of Burnham All Saints, otherwife Ulph, annexed, in the County of Norfolk; And whereas the faid Thomas Earl of Leiccjler, at the Time of his Death, was poffefied of a Leafe for Years of the faid Peterftone Eftate, under the Bifhop of Norwich, the then Owner of that Eftate, which Leafe was from Time to Time renewed, purfuant to the Trufts of the Will of the faid Thomas Earl of Leiccjler, and the laft renewed Leafe was the faid Leafe for Twenty-one Years, which was made by the Bifhop of Norwich to the faid Thomas William Coke, and the fame was afterwards merged at Law by the Conveyance of the Freehold and Inheritance of the fame Eftate, to the faid Thomas William Coke: And whereas the faid Glebe Lands in the Parifh of Bylaugh, and the faid Tythes in the fame Parifh, and the faid Rights of Common, are now let to feveral Tenants, at feveral yearly Rents, amounting together to the Sum of One hundred and fifty-one Pounds twelve Shillings and Sixpence, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, and the fame Premifes are of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred and fixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings, and the faid Advowfon is eftimated to be now of the Value of Three hundred and ten Pounds : And whereas the faid Peterjlone Eftate has ufually been and is now kept in Hand, but is of the clear yearly Value of Three hun-dered and fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, and the laid Bendy Eftate is let to a Tenant at the yearly Rent of Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, and is of the clear yearly Value of Thirty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings ; and the faid Parcels of Land, containing together Fourteen Acres, are let to a Tenant at the yearly Rent of Ten Pounds Four Shillings, clear of all Taxes and Dedu&ions, and are of the clear yearly Value of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings and 'Pen-pence : And whereas the Timber Handing upon the faid Glebe Lands in the Parifh of Bylaugh, is eftimated to be of the Value of Eleven Pounds Fourteen Shillings : And whereas there is Reafon to believe, that there are many Timber Trees growing upon the Lands in the faid PeterJloneEilate of great Value, but the fame Lands lie fo much intermixed with the faid fettled Eftate*, being chiefly fituate in the laid Park at Holkham, that it is impoflible to afeertain the Quantity of Timber growing thereon : And whereas the faid Parifh of Bylaugh lies at an inconvenient Diftance from the laid Manfion-houfe at Holkham, and the Bulk of the faid fettled Eftates, but the faid Peterjione and Bendy Eftates, and the faid Parcels of Land, containing together Fourteen Acres, lie near to the faid Manfion-houfe, and are greatly intermixed with the faid fettled Eftates at Holkham : And whereas it would be of manifeft Convenience and '■dvantage to the faid Thomas William Coke and Edward Coke, and to the Perfons who may hereafter be entitled in Remainder to the faid fettled Eftates ; and the aid Thomas Wit it..m Coke and Edward Coke are therefore defirous, that the faid Glebe Lands in the 4	Parifh

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 75.	1367

Parilh of Bylaugh, and the faid Tythcs in the fame Parilh, Rights of Common, and Advowfcn, Ihould be exchanged for the faid Peterfone and Bendy Eftates, and the faid Parcels of Land containing Fourteen Acres: But, inafmuch as by Rcafon of the Limitations contained in the faid Will of the	*

faid Thomas Earl of Leicejler, and in the faid Indentures of the Twerity-fecond Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and the Seventh Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the faid Defire cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the faid Thomas William Coke, on Behalf of himfclf, and the faid Edward Coke and Grace his Wife, on Behalf of themfelvcs and their faid Infant Children, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent TV fettled Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and Hlate ini By-immediately after the palling of this Act, all and fingular the Parcels of J*Urr\y ed Land in the Parilh of Bylaugh, m the County of Norfolk, containing Seven-	Efq.

teen Acres and Sixteen Perches, and the Tythes in the fame Parifli, Rights of Common, and Advowfon, which are deferibed and comprized in the Fir ft Schedule to this Adt, being Part of the Hereditaments comprized in the faid Will, Codicil, and Indentures, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reverfion and Reverfions,

Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Ifliies, and Profits of all and lingular the lame Premiles, fhall be vefted in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby vefted in and fettled upon the faid Thomas William Coke, his Heirs and Afligns, to the Ufe and Behoof of him the faid Thomas William Coke, his Heirs and Afligns for ever; freed and difeharged, and abfolutely acquitted and exonerated of, from, and againlt, all and every the Ufe or Ufes, Trulls, Eftates, Limitations, Powers, Provifoes, and Declarations; in and by the faid recited Will and Codicil of the faid Thomas Earl of Leicejler, and the laid Indentures of the Twenty-fecond Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eight-two, the Twenty-eighth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and the Seventh Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or any of them, limited, exprefled, and declared, of and concerning the fame, in lieu of and in Exchange for the Parcels of Land and Hereditaments of the faid Thomas William Coke herein-aftcr mentioned.

II. And be it further enabled. That from and immediately after the The unfettled pafling of this A<ft, all and fingular the Scite of the Manor of Peterjlone, Elates fet-Farm Houfe, Barns, Stable, Buildings, and Parcels of Land, in the Parilhes tled‘ of Peterjlonc, Holkham, Edgemcre, Barfham Creeke. Burnham Thorpe,

Burnham Overy, South Creek, Burnham Sutton, Burnham U'tph, and Burnham Weflgate, Portion of Tithes in Burnham, and Sheepwalk for Two hundred and twenty-five Sheep in Holkham, which are particularly deferibed in the Second Schedule to this A£l, together with all and every the Rights. Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the Re verlion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Mues, and Profits, of all and fingular the fame Premifes, lhallbeand (land fettled and aflured,and remain and continue, and the fame are hereby fettledand allured, and declared to remain and continue, freed and difeharged of and from all the Eftare, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, and Demand of the faid Thomas William Coke, and his Heirs ; but neverthelefs to the Ufe of the faid James Lord Sherborne and Thomas Mafler, their Heirs and Afligns for ever ; upon.

and

i36$	48°	GEORGII III. Cap.75.

and for and fubjett to fuch and fo many of the Trulls, Ends, Intents, and Purpofes, Powers, Provifoes, Limitations, and Declarations, in and by the laid Will and Codicil of the faid Thomas Earl of Leiccfcr, and the faid Indentures of the Twenty-fecond Day of January One :houfand feven hundred and eighty-two, and Twenty-eighth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and the Seventh Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, limited, exprefled, and declared of and concerning the Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments hereby veiled in the faid Ihomas William Coke, his Heirs and Affigns as aforefaid, as are new in being, undetermined and capable of taking Efteft, in lieu of and in Exchange for the faid Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, heretofore Part of the faid fettled Eftates.

Relief in cafe III. And be it further enabled. That if any of the faid Lands, Tythes,

of Evifhon. and Hereditaments refpettively herein-before limited, fettled, and alfured as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedbvely. lhall at any Time or Times hereafter be lawfully evided or taken away, out of the PolfelTion of the Perfon or Perfons, his or their refpe&ive Heirs or Affigns, in or upon whom, or to whofe Ufe, the fame Premifes are by this Act refpe&ively fettled and limited, by any Right or Title precedent to the palling of this A£t ; then and from thenceforth it lhall and may be lawful to and for all and evei'y the Perfon and Perfons, and his or their Heirs or Affigns, out of whole Pofleffion fuch Premifes lhall be fo lawfully evi£led and taken away, from and immediately after fuch Evi&ion, or taking away of the PolfelTion of the faid Premifes refpe&ively, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, to enter into the feveral Lands, Tythes, and Her ditaments, hereby fettled and alfured, in lieu of and in Exchange for the faid EanJs, Tythes, and Hereditaments which lhall be fo lawfully evi&ed or taken away ; and the fame to have, hold, and enjoy again, as in his, her, or their firlt and former Ellate ; any Thing herein-before contained to tfie contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding.

General	IV. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefly, His Heirs and

Saving. SuccelTors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perlons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccelTors, Executors, and Adminiltrators refpeclively, (other than and except the faid Thomas William Coke, and his firll and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of the feveral and refpe&ive Bodies of fuch firll and other Sons, and the Pleirs and Affigns of the faid Thomas William Coke, and the faid Edwrd Coke, and his prefent and future Sons, and the Heirs Male of the feveral and rtfpedlive Bodies of fuch prefent and future Sons, and the faid Grace Coke, and her Affigns, and the prefent and future Children of the faid Edward Coke and Grace Coke, and the Appointee or Appointees of the faid Thomas William Coke and Edward Coke, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminifirators, and Affigns, and the Trullees appointed, or to be appointed, by or pur-fuant to the faid Indenture of the Scvenih Day of April One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and their refpeblive Heirs, Executors, Ad-minillrators, and Affigns, and the faid James Lord Sherborne and Thomas Majlert their Heirs and Affigns, and all other Perfons claiming any Ellate, Right, or lnterell, under the Limitations contained in the faid recited Will and Codicil, and the faid recited Indentures of Releafe, and Ba rgain and Sale, all fuch Ellate, Right, Title, Interdt, Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, and out of the Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments hereby limited,

veiled.

i369

48'GEORGII III. Cap.75.

vetted, fettled, and allured as aforefaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had, 'held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

V.	And be it further enafted, This Aft lhall be printed by the Printer Evidence. t0 the King’s mott Excellent Majetty, and a Copy thereof fo printed, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Juft ices, and others.

i

:

[Lac. 5s” Per.~\	ij	T

The



137°

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers-

Tenants Names.

James Blomfield -William Blomfield

DESCRIPTIONS.

The Glebe Lands, Tythe free The Tythes of Three hundred and feventy-three Acres, in the Occupation of the faid James Warne	-

The Tythes of One hundred and feventy-four Acres, in the Occupation of the faid James Blomfield	-

The Tythes of Seven hundred and twenty-one Acres, in the Occupation of the faid William Blomfield	-

The Ty thes of Heath Land about Ofte hundred I and ninety Acres -	-	)

Plantations about Thirty Acres Rights of Common -	-

Total yearly Rents Total yearly Value

ANNUAL OUTGOINGS. Suppofed Apportionment of Land Tax

£ s. J. 12 16

47 19

9 9

76 18 6

4 10

,24.0 17 a

Stipend to the Curate of Bylaugh

Net yearly Value

The Advowfon, or Right of Prefentation to the Perpetual Curacy of the Parifh of Bylaugh, fubjeft to the prefent Incumbency of the Reverend Mr. Lloyd, aged 62—worth in Fee Simple Three hundred and ten Pounds.

Value of Timber on the Glebe Lands—Eieven Pounds and Fourteen Shillings.

As to Quantity, yearly Value, yearly Rents, and Value of the Advowfon and Timber,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 75,

i37i

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers/

Containing the Particulars of the Peterftone and Bendy Eftates, and Fourteen Acres of Glebe Land before mentioned, with the annual Rent and annual Value thereof.

						
Tenants Names.	DESCRIPTION.	Quantity.	Yearly Rent.	Yearly Value.		
In Hand *	FIRST.—The Peterftone Eftate, confifting of the Scite of the Manor of Peterftone, Farm Houfe, Barns, Stable, and other Buildings, and feveral Pieces of Land in the Parifhes of Peterftone, Holkham, Edgemore, Barfham Creeke, Burnham Thorpe, Burnham Overy, and South Creek	463 0 30	£ d.	£ s. d. 34S 10 6	£ «.	d.
In Hand	A Sheep Walk for Two hundred^ and twenty-five Sheep, in 1 Holkham - - -		.	28 2 6		
In Hand	A Portion of Tythes in Burnham J			374 J3 0		
	ANNUAL OUTGOINGS.					
	Suppofed Apportionment of Land Tax.			19 18 0		
			Net yearly Value		354 ij	$
						
Robert Overman	SECOND.—The Bendy Eftate, confiding of feveral Parcels of Land in the Parifhes of Burnham Sutton, Burnham Ulph, Burnham Thorpe, and Burnham Weftgate -	54 0 *3	52 IO O	41 1 0		
	ANNUAL OUTGOINGS.					
	Land Tax		Net yearly Value	; 8 0	35 '3	
						
Do.	THIRD.—The Glebe Land of the Reftory of Burnham Saint Alberts - -	14 0 0	10 14 O		7 10	IO
	Difcharged of Land Tax.			Total yearly 7 Value - J		
	Total yearly Rents -	-	63 4 0		42 1 I5	4
						

There is a great deal of Timber on the Peterftone Eftate, but it lies fo much intermixed with the Settled Eftates, that the Value of the Timber cannot be afcertained,

As to the yearly Rents and Value,

N. Kent.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majelty. 1808.

mi

>? ; > . 1 '■•r-

££ V*-1

- f; :■-■•. \. . (

,? 1?1 frA *Mj

'

-- SuST. .	1	‘	'	'	•

:::o.,. \ v:

h	-	*	*	*'*



t,* f ...

O1- ■■ " ' - - - *





fir *

ti	'	<•-	■	•	;

--------- . ... ■ ,., . .... *

i	•	(i	i.1	•■•'■	nr •• • -'t



-

4 '











GEORGII III. REGIS.

*****************************************************

Cap. 76.

An Aft for veiling certain Manors, Rents, andTythes* in the Counties of Wejlmorland and Cumberland,

Part of the E Rates fettled by the Will of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet, deceafed, in Truflees to be fold; and to enable the Devifees under the fame Will to enfranchife certain Cuftomary Ellates holden of feveral Manors in the faid Counties fettled by the fame Will, and for applying Part of the Money arifing from fuch Sales and Enfranchifements in paying off certain Legacies given by the faid Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS LionelWrigbt Fletcher, of Hutton in the Fonjl in the 9h November County of Cumberland, Efquire, in and by his laft Will and ^r8ji'oI-g”e Tcftament duly executed an 1 attefted as by Law is required LyoielWright for rendering valid Deviles of RraJ Eftates, bearing Date the Ninth Day of f‘Cich-.i-, bait. Jfovemler One thoular.d feven hundred and eighty-five, directed that ail , his juft Debts and Funeral Expellees fhocid be paid, and notwithflunding hr thought rha his IVrfonal EUate would be fufficient for thofe Purpofes, yet fo provide agrdnft all Deficiencies the faid Tdlator thereby charged all Per.]	15 f	his

48° GEORGII III. Cap.76.

Ms Real Eftate as well with the Payment of the Deficiency which might happen from his Perfonai Eftate in the Payment thereof as wirh the Payment of the Legacies or Sams of Money, Rent Charges, and Annuities or Yearly Payments which he fhould afterwards give by any Codicil and fubjedt thereto, the Lid Teftator devifed all and every his Manors or Lord-Ihips, cr reputed Manors or Lordfti ps, Mefluages, Farms, Lands* Tenements, AJvowfons, Tythe«, Rents, and Hereditaments, and all other his Real Eftate whatfoever and wherefoever, whereof or wherein he, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him, had any Eftate of Freehold or Inheritance in Pofteflion, Remainder, or Re-verfion, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appur.enances in the Counties of Cumberland' and Wejhnoreland (fave and except his Burgage Mrfluages, and Tenements at Cockermoutb in the County of Cumberland') unto the Righc Honourable Henry Farl of Darlington, and the Honourable Frederick Fane of Sellaby in the County of Durham, their Heirs, and Af-fign>, to th Uie, Intent, and Purpofe that the faid Tefta-oPs Wife Rachael Fletcher (fince deceased) (hould receive thereout an Annuity of Four hundred and fifty Pounds for her Life as therein mentioned, and fubjedt thereto to the Ufe of the faid Teftator’s Fiiends John Howard of in the County of Bedford, Efqu're, Sir flenry F.etcher of CUa in the faid County of Cumberland, Baronet, and ‘TimothyFeatherfionhaugh of Kirkofwald in the fame County of Cumberland, Efquire, their Executors, Adminiftra-tors, and AfTigns for the Term of Five handled Years from his Death, without Impeachment of Wafte upon the Tr ufts thereinafter declared concerning the fame ; and ss ro the laid Manors or Lordftii-ps, Advowfons, and the Refidue of the Hereditaments, and Premiles comprifed in the Did Term, and as to all fuch Copyhold Lands,Tenements, and Hereditaments in the faid Counties to which the Did Teftator wai entitled, and of which he had made Surrend.rs to the Ufe of his Will, to the Ufe of his eldcft Son Frederick FletcherVane, and his AfTigns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wafte in digging for, and getting for his own Ufe Stone, Coals, Lead or other Mines cr Minerals within the faid Premifes or any Part thereof; Remainder to the Ufe of the faid Henry Earl' of Darlington, and Frederick Vane and their Heirs, during his faid Son’s natural Life, in Truft: to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to rhe Ufe of the Firftand other Sons of the laid Frederick Fletcher Vane, fucceftively inTail Male; Remainder to rhe Ufe of the faid Teftator’s Second Son, Waller Vane for his Life, witnout Impeachment of fuch Wafte as is hereinbefore mentioned. Remainder to the Ufe of the fameTruftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid tValter Vane in Truft, to preferve contingent Remainders with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the Did Walter Vane fucceftively in Tail Male ; Remainder to the Ufe of all and every fuch other Son and Sons as the faid Teftator might thereafter have fucceffively, and to- the Heirs Male of f uch other Son and Sons in Succeflion in Tail Male; Remainder ro ibe Ufeot the faid Tcftatoi’s eldeft Daughter Catherine Vane and her Affigns for her Life, without Impeachment ot fuch Wafte as is hereinbefore mentioned; Remainder o the Ufe of the fame Truftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Catherine Vane in Truft to prdetve contingent Remainder, with.Remainder to the Ufe of the Fit ft and other Sons of the Did Catherine Vane fuccdfively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ule of the Did Teftatoi’s Second Daughter Rachael Vane and her Aftigns for her Life, without Impeachment of fuch Wafte as is hereinbefore men-8	cloned.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

ctoned ; Remainder to the Ufe of the fame Truftees and their Heirs d'lrir-g the Life of the. laid Rachael Vane in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders ; with Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the laid Raclwel Vane fucceffively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe < f all fuch other Daughter and Daughters as the Teftator might thereafter have fucceffively’, and to the Heirs Male of fuch other Daughter a id Daughter' in Succeffion in Tail Male, Remainder.to the Uie of the Firft and 11 other the Daughters of the TeftatuPs faid Son Frederick Fletcher Vane fucceffively, and the fcvetal Heirs of the Body ef fuch Daughter and Daughters*, Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Daughters of the faid Teftator’s laid Son Walter Vane fucceffively, and of the feverai Heirs of the Body of fuch Daughter and Daughters*, Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and all other the Daughters of the faid TcftatoPs faid Daughter Catherine lute f-fively, and the feverai Heirs of the Body of fuch Daughter and Daughters; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and all other the Daughters of Te'-tatoPs laid Daughter Rachael fucceffively, and the Heirs of the Body of fuch Daughter and Daughter'; Remainder to the Ufe of al! and every the Daughters of fuch other the Son and Sons of the faid Teftator as he might thereafter have fucceffively, and the Heirs of the Body of fuch Daughter and Daughters; Remainder to the Ufe of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of fuch other Daughter and Daughters of the faid Teftator as he might thereafter have fucceffively, and the Heirs of the Body of fuch laft-mentioned Daughter and Daughters in Succeffion; and for Default of fuch IfTue in that Event, fubjedt to the Payment of the Sum of Money thereinafter mentioned to the Ufe of William Walter Vane (in the laid Will called William Vane, and therein defci ibed as eldtft Son T Godfrey Woodward Vane, E1 quire, late Brother of the Teftator) for his Life, without Impeachment of fuch W..fte as is hereinbefore mentioned; Remainder to the Ufe of die fame Trufiees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Willi am Walt erVane^ inTruft to preferve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the faid William Walter Vane, fucceffively in Tail Male ; Remainder to the Ufe of George Vane, Brother of the faid William Walter Vane for his Life, without Impeachment of fuch Wafteas is hereinbefore mentioned; Remainder to the Ule of the fameTruf-tees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid George Vane, in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons-of the faid George Vane fucceffively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of Godfrey Vane, Brother to the faid William and George Vans for Life, without Impeachment of fuch Wafts as is hereinbefore mentioned; Remainder to the Ufe of the fame Truftees 2nd their Heirs during the Life of the faid Godfrey Vane> in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ule of the Fiift and othtr S ins of the Lid Godfrey Va./e fuc-ceffively in Tail Male; Remainder to the Ufe of HemyVane, now Sir Henry Vane Temp eft. Baronet, Son of Sir Henry Vane of Longneytton, Baronet, for his Life, without Impeachment of fuch Watte as is hereinbt fore mentioned; Remainder to the Ufe efthe fame Truftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Henry Vane, now Sir Henry Vane Tempe/l, in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and otherSons of the Lid Henry Vane, now Sir Henry,Vane Temp eft fucceffively, in Tdl Male 5 Remainder to the,Ufe of Elizabeth Mckfivorth, Daughter 0i Arthur Molef-worth, Efquire, anduow Elizabeth Reyn ell, Widow, for her Life, without Impeachment of;fuchWafte as is hereinbefore mentioned-. Remainder to the

Uie

137s

i376	48*	GEORGII III. Cap.-ib.

tjfe of the lame Truftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Elizabeth Mole [worth now Elizabeth Reynell, in Truft to preferve contingent Rem linuers-, Remainder to the Ufe of the Firft and other Sons of the faid

Elizabeth Mole/worth, now Elizabeth Reynell„ fucceffively in Tail Male; Reminder t > the Ufe of Caroline the Wife of John Deffell, of the Minor its, in the City uf London. Kfquire.. (fince deceafed) cldeft Daughter of the faid Teftat* r*s tare Uncle LyonelVane for her Life, without Impeachment of fuch Wafte a. is h.re nbeforc mentionedi Remainder to the Ufe of the i.mie Truft-es and their Heirs during the Life of the faid Caroline Deffell in Truft to preferve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufe of rneFuft and other Suns of the 1a»d Caroline Deffell fucceffively in Tail Mae; Remainder to the Ufe of Charlotte the Wife of Captain J^hn Fowler of Stepney Caufeway in the County of Middlefex, Second Daughter of his the laid Teftaror’s Uncle Lybnel Vane for her Life, without Impeachment of fuch Wafte as is hereinbefore mentioned; Remainder to the Uie of the me Truftees and their Heir9 during the Life of the lai i Charlotte Fowler n Truft to preferve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ulr ot r> F rit and other Sons of the faid Charlotte Fowler iucceflivciy in Tail Mai ; R -mainder to the Ufe of EJlker Vane, Third Daughter of his the laid ielhi-toPs* faid Uncle Lyoncl Vane and her Affigns for her Life, wit hour Impeachment ot fuch Waite as is hereinbefore mentioned; Remainder to the fife of the fame Truftees and their He rs during the Life of the 'aid EJlher Vane n Truft toprefeive contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Ufe of theFiift and other Sons of the faid Fffker Vane^ with the ultimate Re verfiun or Remainder in Fee to the Ufe ot the faid Teftator’s own right Heirs ; and t he faidTefhtor by his Will declared that the faid Manors and PrrroifeS thereinbefore limited to the faid John Howard^ Sir Henry Fletcher, and Timothy Felberffonhaugbythtir Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, fur the faid Term of Five hundred Years as aforefaid, were limited to them upon the Trufts thereinafter contained concerning the fame (that is to fay) upon Truft that they the faid John Howard, Sir Henry Fletcher and Timothy Fetherjlonhaugh, them Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors, Adminiftrators, or Aftigns of fuch Survivor, Ihould by One or mere Demife or Demifes, Mortgage or Mortgages, Sale or Sales cf the laid Manors and Prcmifcs ib comprifed in the laid Term of Five hundred Years, or of fome competent Part or Parts thereof, or by fall of Tmber growing thereupon, or upon any Parts thtreof, or by luch other Ways and Means as to them or him fhould feem meet, proper, and convenient for the Purpoles thereinafter mentioned, raife and levy all fuch Sum cr Sums of Money as Ihould be lufficient and neceff ry to anfwer and make good any Deficiency which there might be in his the Teftatoi’s Pcr'onal Eftate, in Payment ot his juft Debts and Funeral Expences, and of the Legacies or Sums of Money thereby by him given, or of fuch other Legacies cr Sums of Money, Rent Charges, and Annuities cr Yearly Payments, as the Tcftator ftjouidby any Codicil thereafter by him executed, give, devife, or diipofc of*, and the Teftacor further declared, that the faid Term of Five hundred Yens thereby limited to the Ufe of the faid John Hiward, SirHenryFlet hert and Timothy Fcatherjlonhaugb, their Ex-tutors Adminiftrators, and Affigns, was fo limited upon this further Truft and Cor/fiJence that they,cr the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Exec utors, Adminiftrators or Affigns of fuch Survivor, fhould fubjedt, and without Prejudice to the feveral Charges aforefaid, from and immediately

1377

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

diately after his Deceafe, hv al! or any of the Ways and Means laft mentioned, levy, raife and take up at Iut~ ft the Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds of lawful Monty f Great Britain^or the Portions of the Tt(later’s faid Three younger Children, Wa'tsr, Catherine, and Rachael and ro be paid to the laid Teftat^r’s laid Three vounger Children within O eYear next after the faid Teftator’s Deceafe, Share and Share alike, with Intereft from the Time of his Deceafe, after the Rate of Four Pounds for each Hundred Pounds by the Year, till the adlud Payment of the faid Shares of the faid Sum of Fifteen thoufmd Pounds to- each of the TetUtor's fiid y unger Children, which faid Intereft Teftator ordered fhould be paid out of the Annual Rents and Profits of the faid Manor, and Premifes fo com-priled in the faid Term and trowing due after his Deccaie : And whereas the faid Lyonel Wright Fletcher, afterwards S:r Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher, Baronet, departed this Life in the Month of July One thoufand leven hundred and eighty-fix,-without having revoked or altered his faid Will, leaving the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane hiseldeftSon and Heir at Law, and his faid Three younger Children, Walter Vane, Catherine Vane, and Rachael Vane him furviving, and no other Children : And whereas the laid Rachael Fletcher, the Widow of the faid Lyonel Wright Van: Fldchet, departed this Life in or about the Month of January One ihouland eight hundred and two: And whereas the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane intermarried with Hannah Bower hank, Spinfter, in or about the Month ot March One thoufand feven hun red and nmety-feven, and hath llfne Two Sons and Or.e Daughter* namely, Francis Fletcher Vane, Frederick Henry Vane, and Sophia Mercy Vane, who are all Infants ; thr Lid Wo.l;er Vane hath departed this Life and without LTue, the fiid Catherine Van: is unmarried, the faid Rachael Vane hath intermarried with the ted William Walter Vane, and they have IffueFour Sons and Three Daughter', videlicet, Frederick Vane, Henry Vane, William Vane, Chari s Brch Vane, Catherine Rachael Vane, Sarah Jam Vane and Harriet Vane, who are all Infants* the laid George Vane hath departed this L.fe without Ifiue, the faid Godfrey Vane is unmarried, the Lid Sir Henry Vane Tempejl ha:h no Male Iffue, the faid Elizabeth M&tfeworib intermarried wirh Richard Reynell, Efqui'e, who depaitrd this Lite, leaving t he faid\ Elizabeths is Wifehimlui viving-, the faid Elizabeth Molefwortb, row Elizabeth Reynell, hath IflTue Male Two Sons, Arthur Molefw rtb Reynell, and Richard Mclefvjortk ReyntlL who are both Infants-, the faid Caroline the Wile of the laid John Deffell, hath departed this Life leaving Iffue Male one Son, namely, John HenryDeJfell who hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and is Firft Tenant in Tail: And whereas the Chief Manfion Houle andDemcfne Lands late of the faid Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher, are fituaie at Huttcn in the Forejl in the faid County ot Cumber-land, and a pr ncipa) Part of the Eftaies dev.fed by his Will is con iguous thereto: And whcreis the Manors of Bolton and Ajljy Winde’wrath, the Advovvfon of the Par.fh of Afiy, Two Water Corn Mills at Bolton and AJby, lame fir.all Parcels of Land and Caulegaes crAgiftmeuts fer-Catde, within the fame Manors rtfpc&ively, and certain free or quit Rents ifloing out of Mclfuages or Buildings in the Town of Kirkhy Kendall, ir» she County of Weftmorland, and cut of certain Demefne or other Lands in the i'everal Pariihes of Newton Lcrtcn and Cocker mouth in the County of Cumberland, and the Corn and Hay Tythrs, and ail other Tythes Yearlv arifing or renewing in the feveral Farift.es and Townlhips or Hamlets of Wig ton, Irthingion, Great and Little Broughton, Gilcrux Lcwefwater and Middlefceugb in the County of Cumberland, and deviled by the faid Will, are firuate at a great Diftancc from the faid Manfion Houle and Eftate at [Lee. Per.j	15	Z	Hutton^



4S°GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Hutton, and not intermixed therewith or adjoining to any other Part of the Eftate devifed thereby: And whereas other Parts of the Real Eftates devifed by the faid Will, confift of feveral Manors or Lordihips, or reputed Manors or Lordihips in the faid Counties oi Wejlmcrland and Cumberland, and divers MdTuages, Lands, and Tenements, Parcel of, or within the fame Manors, are held by the Tenants thereof, to them and their Heirs by Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenure, paying to the Lord of the fame Manors Annual Rents, and all'o Fines, Boon Services, Heriocs, and Hens, and it would be fer the Advantage of the feveral Pcrfons claiming unde the faid Teftator’s Will, that the laid Manors of Bolton and AJby Winderwatb^Ps-d-■ vowfon,Water Corn Mills, fmalt Parcels of Land, Caulegates, Tythes, and Hereditaments fituate at a Diftance Irom the faid Manfion Houfe and Eftate at Hutton, fhculd he fold, and it alL> wou'd be manifeftiy for the Advantage of the feveral Perfons claiming under the faid TcftatoPs Will, and alfo defirable to the laid Tenants that the laid Copy hold or Cuftomary Eftates Ihould be enfranchifed and. difeharged from all Copyh .Id and Cuftomary Tenure, and from Payment of all Fines, Rents, Sums of Money, Boon Services, Heriots, and Hens payable f r, or in refpeCf of the fame, and that the Money ar.fmg by the Sale of toe faid Manors, Advowfon, Water Corn Mills, Cattlegatrs, Tythes of Corn and Hav, and all other Tythes, and from the Enfranehilement of the Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftates, ftiould in the Firlt Piace be applied in the Payment 0r the faid Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds, charged by the faid Will upon the faid Eftates for the Portions cf the Teftat r’s younger Children, and now remaining a Charge thereon, and the Remainder inverted under the Dirt&ions of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Real Eftates to be conveyed and fettled to the fame tJfes as the Teftato^s Real Eftates in the Counties of Cumberland and WeJlmorland, comprifed in the faid Term of Five hundred Years now' Hand limited by his faid Will: And whereas although the faid Sale as well as the faid Enfranehilement of the faid Copy hold and Cuftomary Eftates would be very beneficial to all Pcrfun> interefted in the fame leveral Eftates devifed by the faid Will; yet by rea'on of the Devifes and Limitations in ftrict Settlement contained in the faid Will, fuch Sale and En-franchifement cannot now be earned into Execution without the Authority of Parliament i Wherefore Your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal Subjects the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane on Behalf of himlelf and his Lid Sons Francis Fletcher Vane7 and Frederick Henry Vane, and his faid Daughter Sophia Mercy Vane, the Lid Catherine Vane, the laid IVilliam IValter Vane, and Rachael his Wife, on Behalf of themfclves and their laid Sons Frederick Vane, Henry Vane, IVilliam Vane, and Charles Birch Vane, and their Daughters Catherine Rachael Vane, Sarah Jane Vane, and Harriet Vane, the faid Godfrey Vane, the Lid S;r Henry Vane Tempeft, the Lid Elizabeth Reynell, on Behalf ol herfclf and her laid Infant Sons Arthur Molefwcrlb Reynell, and Richard Mclefworth Reynell, and the faid John Henry Deffell, do molt humbly pray Your Majcfiy, That it may be ena&ed •, and be ic tnadftd by the King’s molt excellent Mrjefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, at any Time or Times during his Life, andafttr his Deceafe, to and for the Rrfon or P rfons who fhall for the Time being by virtue of, and according to the Limitations in the faid recited Will of the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher, be feifed of, or entitled to the Freehold of the faid Manors or Lordihips, and other Hereditaments comprifed in the faid Term of Five 2	hundred

4«°GEORGII III. Cap.' 6.

hundred Years, or entitled to receive the Rents. I flues, and Profits thereof, unlefs fuch Pcrfon or Perlons fhali be under the Age of Twenty-one Yeirs, and if luch Peifon or Perfons (hall be under the Age of Twrnty-one Years, then to and for his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians relp* ftivelv, from Time to Time and at any Time or Times, upon fuch Price and Conlidera-tion in Money as he, ihe, or they with the Concurrence of ILnry Howard of Corby Cajile, in the County of Cumber land t EC)uire, and Charles Smal-ivoodFtatkerjlonbaugh, of Kirkofwald, in tnc fame County', Enquire, or the Survivor of them, or of the Hci s or Aligns of fuch Survivor (h 11 think reafonable, to be paid aa hereinafter is ment oned by any Deed or Deed* to be by him, her, or them refpedfively fealed and delivered in the Prefence of, and attefted by Two or more credible Witnefles, to make any Enfran-chrtement or Enfranchifements of any Cuftomary or Copyhold Mcfluage or Mcffuages, Cottage or Coitages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel or rep. ted Pat cel of, or within the Icveral Manors or Lordlhips, or reputed Manors cr Lordlhips mentioned in the Firll Schedule to this Act annexed, and comprif. d in, and limited, deviled, and fettled by the Lid Will of the faid Lyovel Wright Fletcher% anti for that Purpofe to grant, barga n, and fell un;o, and to ihe U'.e of, or in Troll for any Perlon or Pci Ions wh imlnever being a Cuftomary or Copyhold Tenant, 01 Cuf-romary or Ccpvhold Tenants, or Holder or Holders of any Cuftomary or Copyhold Mcfiuigeor Mt ffbage.s,Co!tagc or Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of, or within the laid feveral Manors or Lordlhips, cr epu*ed Manors or Lordlhips, or any of them, the Fieeh ftd and I -her ran.ee, of any M flu age or Mcffuages, Cottage or Cottage-, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament, by any fuch Perfon or Perfons holdcn or reputed to be holden to him, her, or them, and to his, her, or their Heiis, for any Cuftomary or C pyhold Eftate or Intereft, as Parc or Parcel cf the faid Manors or Lordlhips, or reputed Manors or Lordlhips oranycf them, or holden or reputed to be holden, as or of the faid Manors or any of them, or under the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors cr Lordlhips or reputed Manors or Lordlhips, or any of them, by .my Copy of Court Roll, or any Cuftomary Tenure what-fo'ver ; and the Timber free s, and other I rees and Wood thereupon, and all fuch Common of Pafture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common and other Rights, Liberties and Privileges in, and upon ail and every or any of the Commons and Waite Grounds, EJarcel of the faid Manors or Lordlhips or any ol them, as the Cuftomary cr Copyhold Tenant or Tenants to whom, or for whole Benefit luch Grants, Bargains and Sales fhali be fo refpectivcly made as aforefaid, was or were entitled to, f< r, or in refp.ct of, or as appendant cr appurtenant to his, her, or their faid Cu!-comary or Copyhold Mcffuages, Cottages, Linds or Tenements immediately before the Time of fuch Enfranchifement thereof, fo and in fuch Manner that the Pcrfon or Perfons to whom, or for whole Benefit fuch Grants, Bargains, and Sales fhali oe fo refpr&ively made, and his, her, or their Hens and A Align*, fhali and may refpechvely hold and enjoy the laid Mifluagetr Mcffuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be enfranchifed, and ail fuch Common of Pafture, Common of Turbary, Rights of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges as aforefaid, freed and difeharged of, and from all Fines and all other Payments by way of Fines for Admittances, and of, and Tom all Rents, Boon Services, Service Money, Heriots and right of cutting Wood growing on the faid Premifts thenceforth to grow due to the Lord or

Lords,

*379

1380

48” GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors or Lordlhips, for, or in rcfpecfc' of the faid Meffuage or Mcffuages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditament', which ihall be fo granted, bargained and fold as aforefaid, but nevertheltfs after any fuch Enfranchifement or Enfranchtfe-ments, the Lands or Tenements to be thereby enfranchifed (hall be holden in Free and Common Soccageof the Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of whom they Ihall be holden at the Time of tuch Enfranchifement or En-franchifements, and in and by every fuch Granr, Bargain, and Sale as aforefaid, there be excepted and referred thereout to the Lord rr Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manors cr Lordlhips wherein, or of which the Meffujges, Cottages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo enfranchifed as aforefaid, is, or are fttuate, or being or holden at the Time of fuch Enfranchifement or Enfranehifoments, all fuch Franchifes, Royalties, Rights, Liberties and Privileges of Chafe, and Free "Warren, hunting, hawkins, fowling, and of chafing and killing of Game and Beafts cf Chafe and Free Warren, and all fuch ancient Pifcaries, Fifh-ings, and Rights of Filhing, as fhall have been then before anciently ufed, extrcifed, and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the lame Manors or Lordlhips rcfpt&ivcly, and alio all Mines and Minerals what-foever, within or under the faid Premifes exclulivcly of all other Perfon 0if Pcrfons whomfoever, fave that the Pctfonor Perfons whofe Lands fhall be fo enfranchifed, and his, her, and their Heirs or Afligns, Tenants or Undertenants, fhall have full Right and Liberty to dig for, r-iife and get in, or upon his, her, or their own Lands any Stones, Lime, Slate, Clay, Turf, Peat or Marl, to and for liis and their own Ufe and Benefit to be ufed within the Manor or Manors refpedtively, whereof the Premifes fo to be enfran-chiled are Parcel or holden but not elfewhere, and not to fell or difpofe thereof j and in every fuch Grant, Bargain, and Sale as aforefaid, the ufual and accuftomed Suit of Court and Services, fhall be referved to the Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors or Lordlhips re-fpedlively.

The Eftatet to II. And it is hereby ena&cd and declared, That all and every Perfon and fSibetehfby Perfons to whom, or for whofe Benefit any fuch Enfranchifement or En-rhe Purchaftrs franchifements, or Grant, Bargain or Sale, or Grants, Bargains or Sdes as i» Fee Simple.^ aforefaid lh$U be made by virtue and in purfuance of this A<ft, of any Cuftomary or Copyhold Meffuage cr Meffuages, Cottage or Cottages,. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lying and being within or hoiden of the faid Manors or Lordlhips, or any of them as aforefaid, or reputed fo to be, and the refpe&ive Heirs or AITigns of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhall upon his, her, or their paying his, her, or their refpedtive Purchafe or Con-fideration Monies in Manner hereinafter mentioned, have, hold, and enjoy all and fmgular the Mtffaages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof the Freehold and Inheritance fhall be fo granted, bargained, and fold, to fuch Perfons refpedively as aforefaid in Fee Simple, and fieed and abfolutely difeharged of, and from all Cuftomary and Copyhold Tenures, and the Payment of all fuch Fines as aforefaid, and alio hr Pav-ments by Way of Fines for Admittance, and of, and from all Rents, Bo m Services, Service Money, Fleriots, and right of cutting Wood growing on the faid Premifes to grow due and payable to the Lord or Lords, Lac y or Ladies cf the faid Manor or Manors, for, or in refpeft cf fuch Mcffjages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and alfo freed and difeharged of, from and againft alhheTiufts, Charge', Uie?, Eft t.s, Po.vcn,

PrOvifoes,

4S0GEORGII III. Cap.f6.

Prrmfoes, and Lifr.itati'’n'» in and by the faid Will of the (aid LyonelW igkt Fletcher, limited, deviled, or declared, lave and except the aforefeid Term or Five hundred Yea s, but fubjeft neverthclefs to, and with, and under iuch Exceptions, Powcis, and Liberties, and to fuch Suits and Services, as lhall be relerved or mentioned in, or by the faid Deed or Deeds whereby, the (aid H rediraments and Premifes (hall be refpe&ively enfranchifed in purfuanceof thisArt, and alfo be entided to have, hold, and enjoy, all fuch Common of Failure, Common of Turbary, Right of Common, and other Rights, Liberties, and Privileges in, and upon every or any of the Commons or Wafte Grounds, Parcel of, or within the faid Manors or Loi dihips, or any of them, and in and upon all other Commons and Wafte G ounds whatloevtr, and in as full and ample Manner as the Perfon or Peifjns to whom, or for whofe Benefit iuch Grants,. Bargains, and Sfies ilia11 be re!pc6lively made as aforelaid, was, or were entitled to, for, or in jelpecl of, or as appendant or appurtenant to his, her, or their Copyhold or Cuftomary Vleffuage, Cottage, or Tenement, Mdfuages, Cottages, or Tenements, immediately before the Enfranchifement thereof.

I1L And be it further enabled. That all and every the Manors or Lord-fhips, or reputed Manors or Lordlhips, Lands, Tenements, great and frgall fhTs?cond Tylhes, and all other Tythes whatfoevtr,. Yearly free and Quit Rents and Hereditaments particularly mentioned a^d delcribed in the Second Schedule charge/frorn* to this Art annexed, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and the ufes of the Appurtenances, and the Revtrfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Re- Wll!’ mainders. Yearly and other Rents, I Hues, and Profits of all and lingular the faid Manors,.Lands, Tyihes, Rents, and Hereditaments, lhall from and after the palling of this Aft be v filed in and fettled upon, and the fame are hereby abfolutely veiled in and fettled upon the faid Henry-Howard and Charles Smalwood Featherjlonhawelj, the r Heirs and Alfigns, to the Ufe of them the faid Henry Howard and Charles SmalwoodFeatberjlonbaugh, their Heirs and Afi'gns for ever, freed and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, exonerated and difeharged of, and from .ill and every the Ufes, Eftates^ Devifes,

Bcquelh, Limitations, T rulls, Remainders, Reverfions, Provifoes, Powers,

Changes, and Incumbta iCrs whatfoever, in or by the faid recited Will

made, limited, created, detlared, devifed, or contained, fave and except

the atorefaid Term of Five hundred Years, but neverthclefs upon and for

fuch Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and under and fubjeft to fuch Provifoes

and Declaiations as are hereinafter exprefied and declared concerning the

fame, (that is to fay) upon Trull that they the faid Henry Howard and Up°nTruftto

Charles Smalwood Featherjlonhaugb, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs L

and Afiigrsof fuch Survivor go, and (hall as loon as conveniently may be

(by and with the Confenc and Approbation of the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher

Vane during h sLite, fuch Confent to be certified by fome Writing under

his Hand and Seal, and after his Deceale with the Approbation of the Per-

fon or Perlons, who according to the Limitations contained in the faid

Will cf the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher•, would for the Time being

be beneficially entitled in Pofifellion to the Hereditaments and Premifes	1

hereby veiled as aforelaid for his Life, or for an Eftare of Inheritance if

this Aft were not made, to be teftified in Writing under his, her, or their

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; and if Iuch Perfon or Perlons lhall

be an Infant or Infants, then with the Approbation of his, her, or their	■>

Gua dian or Guardians to be certified in Writing under his, her, or the»r

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, fell and difpofeof the laid Manors,

[Lac. SS Per.'}	,6	A	Ad vow Ion,,

■1-382	4S°	GEORGII III. C^.76.

Advowfon, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, and Hereditaments hereby veiled in the faid Henry Howard and Charles Smalwcod Fealherjlonhaugh, their Heirs and Affigns asaforelaid, either together or in Parcels, and either by public AuClion or Sale, or private ContraCl, and either by Way of ab-foluce Sale or of an Enfranchifement or Enfranchifements of any Cuftom-ary or Copyhold Mtffuage or Mefluages, Cottage or Cottages, Lands or Tenements, Parcel of, or within the feveral Manors or Lordfhips, or reputed Manors or Lordfhips comprifed in the faid Second Schedule or either of them, unto any Pcrfon or Perfons who fhall be willing to contract for the fame, or of any Part or Parts thereof, at the beft Price or Prices, and for the mod Money that can at the Time of fuch Sale or Sales, Enfranchifement er Enfranchifements, be reafonably had or gotten for the fame*, and do and fhall upon Payment of the Purchafe Money or Purchafe Monies, or Monies which fhall be paid for fuch laft-mentioned Enfranchilement or Enfranchifements as hereinafter direded, convey and allure the fame Pre-mifts fa fold or contracted to be conveyed by Way of Enfranchifement as laft-mentioned with the Appurtenances, unto, and to the Ufe of the Per-fon or Perfons who fhall have contracted for fuch Purchafe or Purchafes, or Enfranchifement or Enfranchifements as laft-mentioned*

T!’e purchafe IV. And be it further enaCted, That fo much of the feveral Sums of s^Ked in Di'f- Money as fhall arife from, or be paid as the Confideration for the Sale of charge oi the faid Manors, Advowfons, Lands, Tythes, Rents, or Hereditaments in 15.000t.dw the faid Second Schedule mentioned, or as the Confideration for any Entailed by the franchifement or Enfranchifements made in purfuance of this ACt, and as "Will.	the faid Henry Howard and Charles SmalwoodFeatherjlonhaugh, or the Sur-

vivor of them, his Heits, or Afiigns fhall require, fhall be applied by the Ptrfon or Perfons fo purchafing, or by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Enfranchifement or Enfranchifements fhall be made, in, or towards fatisfying and difeharging the faid Sum of Fifteen thoufand Pounds by the faid Will cfireCled to be raifed under the Trufts of the faid Term of Five hundred Years, and that the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be entitled to the faid Sum of Fifteen theufand Pounds, or the Part or Parts thereof which fhall be fo paid, fhall be aiufficient Difcharge and lufficient Difcharges to thePerfon.or Perfons. who fhall make any fuch Payment or Payments.

TM# Act not, V. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That nothing in this ACb the>ToQlYears contained lhall extend or be deemed to extend to defeat, deftroy, prejudice. Term.	or in anywife affeCt the faid Term of Five hundred Years, or the Trufts.

declared thereof by the faid Will of the faid Sir Lyonel bright Vane Fletcher.

The Refidue of yj. And be it further enaCted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of niiVlot^paici Money which fhall arife from any Sale or Sales, Enfranchifement or En-into *he B^i.k franchifements made in purfuance of this Act, and fhall not be applied in, inveKShe cr towards fatisfying and difeharging the faid Sum of Fifteen thoufand Purciu.feoi' Pounds, fhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sale or Sales* ^ttled ta the Enfranchifement or Enfranchifements fhall be made, into the Bank of uh s of the Eng and, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant Geneial of Wili*	the H gh Court of Chancery, to be plactd to his Account there ex parte the

Purcnalers of the fettled Eftates of Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher. Baronet, purfuam to the Method pxcfcribcd by the Adt of the Twelfth Year of the

Reign

1383

48” GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Reign of the late King Geo>ge the Firft, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the laid Court, and whhout Fee or Reward according to the Adt of the Twelfth Year of his late Majcfty King George the Second,

Chapter Twenty-tour *f and as loon as conveniently may b alter fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall have been fo paid into the Bank s afore-faid, the fame fhali upon a Petition to be preferred to the fai Court of Chancery in a fummary Way by the fa id Sk Frederick Fletcher Vane during his Life, and after his Deceafe by the Perlon or Perfons who fh ll according to the Ufes limited by the faid Will of the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher, be for the Time being beneficially entitled in Poffcfli n to the Rents, Iffues, and Profits of the Manors, Mcffuages, Lands, Tencmen's* and Hereditaments tobepurchafed if fuch Perfon (hall be of full Age; but if fuch Perlon or Perfons (hall be under the Age of Twenty-one Ye*rs, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians (after Payment: of the Cofts,

Charges, and Expences of applying for and parting this Acl, and alfo the Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the Execution of the fcveral Trufts and Powers hereby created and given) be Lid out and inverted in the Purchafe or Purchafes of the Fee Simple cf fuch Freehold Manors,

Mcffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as (hall be approved of by the faid Court of Chancery to be firuate in the faid County of C.umber-\and\ and from and immediately after the making fuch Purchafe or Pur-chafes, the Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo to be purebafed (hall be conveyed, fettled and affured to the Ufes, upon, and for the Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes,and with, under, and fubjtA to the Powers, Limitations, and ReftriAions- which by the faid Will of the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher, were devifed, limited, or declared of, or concerning the fame feveral Manors and Eftates in the Counties of Cumberland and Wtftmorland, comprifed in the faid Term of Five hundred Years, or fuch of the laid Ufes, Trufts, Intents, Purposes Powers, Provisoes,

Limitations orReflriAions* as (hall be then fubfifting and capable of taking.

EffeA.

VII. And be it further enaAed, That'all Sums of Money which (hall be Purchafe ^ paid into the Bank in the Name of cbe faid Accountant General in Manner £J?out in * hereinbefore direAcd, or fo much thereof as (hall not be ordered by the Navy, Victual* faid Court of Chancery to be applied in Payment of Cofts and Expences [hfqucr Bills according to the DireAions hereinafter contained, (hall in the Meantime umn j»i>pe* and until the fame Monies (hall be inverted in the Purchafe of Lands, Te-nements, cr Hereditaments as aforefaid, be from Time to Time Lid out under the DireAions of che faid Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of Navy or ViAualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Intereft arifing trom the Money fo laid out in the laid Navy or ViAualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame as they (hall be refpeAively paid off by Government, (hall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountanc General in the Purchafe of other Navy, or ViAualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills*, and all the faid Navy, or ViAualling.Bills, and Exchequer Bills (hall be dep< fited in the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General-*, and (hall there remain until proper Purchafes (hall be found and approved as hereinbefore d.reAed; and until the fame (hall upon a Petition with fuch Approbation to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a Summary Way by the faid Sir Frederick FletcherVane, or fuch other Perlon or Perfons as aforelaid, be ordeied to be fold by the Lid Accountant General fur the completing fuch Purchafe cr Purchafes in fuch Manner as the

1384	480	GEORGII	III. Cap.76.

faid Court fhall think juft and diredt; anB if the Money arifing by Sale of fuch Navy, Vidtualling, or Exchequer Bills fhall exceed the Amount ot the original Purchafe Money when laid out as aforefaid, then, and in fuch Cafe only the Surplus which fhall remain fball be paid to fuch Perfon or Pcrfons refpedtivdv as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands diredted to be purchafed purfuant to this Adi, or to the Reprefentative or Representatives of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

Payment of Code and Expences.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fhall and mav be law* ful for the Court of Chancery, if that Court fhall fo think fit, from Time to Time to make an Order for taxing or fettling all Colts, Charges, and Expences which have been or fhall be incurred in obtaining and palling this Adi, and in making of the feveral Applications to the faid Court in purfuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sales, Enfancbile-ments and Grants hereby diredled, and in inverting all or any of the Mo* nies which under this Adi fhall be paid into the Bank of Englandr in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Diredtions herein contained, or otherwife in carrying the Trurts and Purpofes of this Adi into Execution, and alfo from Time to Time to make fuch Order and Orders as the faid Court fhall think fit for Payment of fuch Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, cut of the Monies which fhall arife by the Sales or Enfranchifements as aforefaid under this Adi, and fhall be fo paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Monies arifing by Sale of the Navy,. Victualling, or Exchequer Bills to be purchafed as aforefaid.

Accourtnr^r IX. And be it further enafled. That the Certificate or Certificates of nfi^re andCr" the faid Accountant General together with the Receiptor Receipts of one Receipt of the 0f the Cafhiers of the Bank, to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in B^ktoh«the l^c Regilter Office of the laid Court of Chancery, of the Pajment into the g>od L'if.	Bank of England by the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Sales or

c-arges.	Enfranchifements fhall be made, of his, her, or their Purchafe or Enfran-

chisement Money, fhall from Time to Time be and be deemed to be a good and effedlual Difcharge to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and to his, her, or their refpedtive Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns for the faid Purchafe or Enfranchifement Monies, or fo much thereof, for which fuch Certificates and Receipts fhall be relpedlively given; and after filing fuch Certificates and Receipts as aforefaid, l'uch Perfon and Pet Tons fhall be abfoltitely acquitted and difeharged of, and from the laid Monies and fhall r.ot be accountable or anLverable for any Lofs, Mifapplication or Non-application thereof.

Until a Sale X. And be it further enadted, That in the Meantime and until a Sale lhnEft, tnVbe or Sales fhall be made of the Hereditaments and Premifes hereby autho* fc m'r life*, rized to be fold as aforefaid, the fame Hereditaments and Premifes, or fuch Part or Pars thereof, as fhall be or remain unfold, (hall from Time to Time be, remain, and continue to the Ufes,. upon the Trurts. and for the Intents and Purpofes, and under and fubjedt to the Charges, Powers, Provides, Limitations, and Diredtions which are in the faid Will cf the faid hyonel Wright Vane E etcher deceafed, exprefled and declared concerning the faid Hrred’taments and Premifes therein comprifed, and which are or (hall be fubfifting or capable of taking Effcdl; and that the fame Plere-7'	ditaments

i3§5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

ciitaments and Premifes fhall be holden and enjoyed, and the Rents and Profits thereof fhall and may from Time to Time be had, received, and taken accordingly by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to, or ought to have received the fame in cafe this Ad had not been paffed.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That if both or Fow*r t either of ihem the faid Henry Howard and Charles SmalwooJFcatherJlonLct’tgb or any future Truftee or Truftees who fhall fucceed to them or e ther ot the Act. them, or (hall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them or either of them as herein-aficr mentioned, fhall die or defire to relinquiflvthc Trufts hereby in them or him repofed, or (hall refufe or decline to ad, or become incapable of ading in the faid Trufts, or fhall go out of Great Britain before the faid Trulls fhall be fully performed and executed, then and in every luch Cafe it (hail and may be lawful to, and for the faid Court of Chancery in a fummary Way on a Petition to be preferred by the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane during his Life, or by the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being under the Limitations of the faid Will of the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher tieceafed, be beneficially entitled in Pofleflion to the Manors, Advowfons, Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements,

Tythes, Rems, and Hereditaments hereby made faleable as aforefaid, if fuch Perfon tr Perfons (hall be of full Age, but if fuc'n Perfon or Perfons lhall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then bv his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or rclpeCtive Minorities, to appoint any Pcrlon or Pei funs propofed in the faid Petition or any Perfon or Perfons named by the Court to be a Truftee or Truftees in the Stead or Place of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying, refufing or declining to act, or becoming incapable of ading, or going ouc of Great Britain, and thereupon all fuch Manors, Advowfons, Mcffuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments, or fuch of them as (hall remain unfold, fhall with all convenient Speed be conveyed in iuch Sort and Manner, and fo that the fame Trufts, Effaces and Premifes fhall and may be legally and effe&ualiy vefted in fuch new Truftee or Truftees, or jointly with the continuing Truftee or Truftees as the Cireumfiances of the Cafe fhall require, upon the lame Trufts and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as are herein-Oelore declared of and concerning the faid Trufts,

Effaces, and Premifes, or fuch, and fo many of the fame Trufts as dial! of may be then lubfifting and capable of raking Effed; and iuch new Truftee or Truftees fhall and m3v in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trufts to which he and they rcipedively (hail be appointed, a> fully and effe&ually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents, Effects, Conftru&ions, and Purpofes whatfoever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Ad nominated a Truftee or Truftees for the Purpofes for which fuch new Truftee or Truftees re-fpediveiy fhall be appointed a Truftee or Truftees.

XII. Saving always to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty', His Heirs and Ge-erai Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Saving. Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffurs, Executors Adminiftrators and AfTigns, (other than and except the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane and the laid Francis Fletcher Vane, and Frederick Henry Vane, and the Heirs Male of their refpedive Bodies, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the faid Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane lawfully begotten and to be bego:«

[Lac. Per.J	16	B	ten.

r 3 86

48°GEORGII III. Cap.76.

ten, and -the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeftive Bodies of fuch other Son and Sons, and the laid Sophia Mercy Vane, and the Heirs of her Body, and all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the laid Sir Frede-rickFhteher Vane lav/tuliy begotten and to be btgorten, and the Heirs of

the Body and refpeftive Bodies of ftkh other Daughter and Daughters, and the fa id Catherine Vane and all and every her Son and Sons lawfully to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeftive Bodies of fuch Son and Sons, and ail and every the Daughter and Daughters of the faid Catherine Vane lawfully to be begotten, and the Heirs of the refpeclive Bodirs of fuch Daughter and Daughters, and the laid William WalierVanc. and Rachael his Wife, and the laid Frederick Vane, Henry Vane, William Vane, and Charles Birch Vane, and the Heirs Male of their refpeftive Bodies, and the faid Catherine Rachael Vane, Sarah Jane Vane, and Harriet Vane and the Heirs of their refpeclive Bodies, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the faid Rachael Vane lawfully begotten and to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeclive Bodies of luch laft-mentioned Son and Sons, and ail and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the faid Rachael Vane lawfully begotten, and to be begotten, and the Heirs of the Body and relpeftive Bodies of luch laft-mentioned Daughter and Daughters, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the laid William Walter Vane lawfully begotten and to be begotren, and the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeftive Bodies of fuch laft-mentioned Son and Sons, and the faid Godfrey Vane, and all and every his Son and Sons lawfully to be bcgotien, and the Heirs Male of the Body of fuch Son and Sons, and the faid Sir Henry Vane Tempfh and all and every his Son and Sons lawfully begotten and to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the 'Body of fuch Son and Sons, and the laid Elizabeth Reynell, and the faid Arthur Molefworth Reynell, Richard Molefworth Reynell, and the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeclive Bjdies of the faid Arthur Molefworth Reynell zndRiehard Molefworth Reynell, and ail and every other the Son and Sons of the faid Elizabeth Reynell lawfully to be begotten, and theHeirsMale of the Body 2nd relpeftive Bodies of fuch I all-mentioned Son and Sons, and the faid John Henry Deffell and the Heirs Male of his Body, and the faid Charlotte Fowler, and all and every her Son and Sons lawfully begotten and to be begotten, and the Iieirs Male of the Body and relpeftive Bodies of fuch Son and Sons, and the iaid EJlher Vane, and all and every her Son and Sons lawfully to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body and refpeftive Bodies of fuch Son and Sons, and the right Heirs of the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher, and theTrullees under the Will of the faid Sir Lyonel Wright Vane Fletcher for preferving contingent Remainders, their Heirs and Affigns, and all and every other Perion and Perfons whomfoever, having or claiming, or who lhall hereafter have or claim anyEllate, Right, Title, or Intcrefl in the Hereditaments veiled and fettled to the Ules, and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, or in any Parc thereof, under the laid Will of the laid Sir Lyonel Wright Vans Fletcher, (other than and except the Perfon or Perfon* poiTdfed of, or entitled to the faid Term of Five hundred Years) ail fuch Eftate, Righr, Title, Intercft, Claim, and Demand of, in. to, or out of the faid Manors and ether Hereditaments as they, every, or any of them had before the Faffing of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XIII. And

4-S9GEORGII HI. Cap.76.

1387

Xm. And be it further enarted, That this Art IhtH be printed by the Tob.prh.mi frinter to the King’s molt Excellent Majrfty, and a Copy thereof fo £y<ht printed IhaJI be admitted as Evidence thereof by all fudges, Joffices	'

	■; 1 - -
	’• 5. b OJ.fcflf ■ ■
nTa"	.
	i. biyi liii bnt 4Y/-AW
to vie!	[Ant H>rii

t\ bire pV.v.^Sl	bnf-

suit. ztiiH.iHi: - - V*rSSkl	Wn

.1, .. ..	-	'A	Av-'ido' - infeltJni to z5ib tt

% > bna Ao'tedl	III	bat

-

X	■«	-US

jv. d uigtm

the

1388

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE

referred to by this Aft.

COUNTY of CUMBERLAND.

NAMES MANORS.	In	Annual Amount Cuftomary and Quit or Free and other	Anaual Amount of received for or the Value of Boon Services.	Ye*rly Average of foe. she laft Fourteen Years.
Huton and Middlefceugh	.	£. t. d. 18 16 31	£. *. d. 14 3 -	£. s. d. 34 15 ni
Skelton, otherwise Shelton "i and Allonby - - - j	- - -	15 6 io	S 7 6	15 4
Wythbura	-	35 13 II	.	43 is 9
High Ireby -	In Hand.	14 2 II§	1 J 6	26 11 44
Wythop -		11 5 9	. . .	1 iO H
Staffell ....		3 ’3 4	- . .	14 1 9
Wigton - - -		2--	- ■ -	1 1 6J
		90 18	31 l8 —	137 1 io£

Jofepb Cowper.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 76,

*38 9

THE SECOND SCHEDULE referred to by this Ad.

COUNTY or WESTMORLAND.

NAMES MANORS.	In vrhofe Holding.	Annual Amount Cuftomary and Quit or Free ard other Rents.	Annual Amount Sums received for or the V.due of Boon Services.	Yearly Average Fines for thc-laft Fouireen Years.
		£. d.	£. J.	JZ. d.
Afby Winderwatli	In Hand.	28 it —	- . .	»8 .1 44
Bolton -	D	19 n 8^	— i 4	s 5 Si
	£_	48 2	—•3 4	36 l6 TO

COUNTY or CUMBERLAND.

Parifh or Towufliip,	Defcripiion of Premifes.	Prefent Tenants.	Yearly Rents for iik,7.
Wigton Pari ill.	Tythes of Corn in Wigton Divi-"\ fion (fave and except a Tenement / and Farm the Property of the faid > Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane) and in I the Occupation of - - - j	Ifaac Weftmorland ") and John Lightfoot J	£. /. J. 52 10 —
	Tythes of Corn, Hay, Hemp, and Lint in the Refuine Tything - - Tythes of Corn, Hay, Hemp, and Lint in Leffon Hall Diftridt	CThomas RichardfonY <	and > LLauncelot Jefferfon J C John Pearfon <	John Meflenger > Land John Hewfon J	16	 60 — —
	Tythe of Hay of John Dands’ Eftate called Mains -	Tohn Dands ••	3	
	Tythes of Corn, Hay, Hemp, and-\ Lint upon an Eftate called Spittle, ( the Property of Sir Weftell Brifcoe, f* Baronet -J	’atrick Redman -	S 8 —
	Tythes of Corn, Hay, 'Hemp, and } Lint upon ceitainLandscalle^Stubb’s Clofes, alias Nova Scotia - ~S	Thomas Milburn - -	* 10 ~
' *			14, 8 —

[Lm. is? Pc.]

16C

1392	480	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	76.

SECOND SCHEDULE—coniimtd.

Irthington Parifh.

Townfhips of Great and Little Broughton, in th Parifh of Bridekirk

Townfhip or Hamlet of Lowef-water, in the Pa rifh of Lorton.

Tytiles of Corn, Hay, Hemp, and"] Lint in Kirkland D vifion (except I the Tythe of Hay upon John Robin-fon’s Lands, and the Tythe of Hay, | Hemp, and Lint upon Stlibb’a | Clofes, alias Nova Scotia) and the ( Tythes of Hay, Corn, Hemp,

Lint ariftng upon certain Lands ca Particulars (except the Tythes certain Lands belonging to Thoi Reed, and fituate near Wig-Church) -

The Tythes of Corn and Grain in Oulton l iltriCt	-

The Ty.hes of Corn and Hay in Dockery Ty thing	-

The Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hemp, d Lint in Akenhead, otherwife > Akenhead Liftridt	-	- -J

The Tythes of Corn, Hay, Hemp, and Lint in Waverton Diftricl - -The Building called the Proctor’s") Office and the Tythes of Corn, Hay, Hemp and Lint in certain Lands belonging to the Townfhip of Bridge | Bank, the Tythe Corn of , Hill’s j Tenement, the Tythe Hay of fevrral v. Lands inOnhon, the Tythes of Wool md Lambs, certain Annual Payments n lieu of Tythes of Malt, Barley, and Oats, and all the Small Tythes and Eafter Dues witiiin the Parifh of Wigton -----	-

Tythe of Corn and Hayofjofeph Barwife’s Tenement

Prefcriptions in lieu of certain Tythes collected by -

The Corn Tythe within the Parifh of Irthington, and the feveral Tythe >■ Barns belonging thereto -	-J

The Coni Tythe within the Townfhips of Great and Little Broughton, with the Tythe Barn at Great Broughton, and a Clofe or Parcel of Land adjoining thereto -	-	-

The Tythes of Wool and Lamb A Prefcriptions, and Mortuaries, Eafter I Dues, Oblations, and Obventions, > within the Townfhip or Hamlet of I Lowefwater	-	-	-J

The Tythes of Com, and all Mo.'j dufes and Prefcriptions in lieu of Tythe / Hay within the Parifh of Gilreux, L and the Tythe Barn in the Village off Gilreux -	-	J

William Hodgfon, John Barwick, Edmond Wilton

Thomas Bames Jofeph Peurith William 1 aylor, Efq. and Jofeph Cockton Il'aac Weftmorland John Lightfoot William Donald John Donald

'.an Brough and Mary Wilfon

Jofeph Barwife Norman Brough Robert Warwick, Efq.

George Whitaker and

Jonathan Weftray j

Samuel Rittfon and Jofeph Fearou

50------

40------

6 — '

420 — ■

46 —

1,109 is 7!

'391

1

4.8“ GEORG!I III. Gap. 76;

SECOND SCHEDULE—mtinutJ.

P..iifh or Townfhip	Dcf.\;p:ion of Prcmifes.	Prcfcnt Tenant*.	Yearly Rents for 1S07- *
	In the County of WEST	MORLAND.	£ J.
Afby	The AiiVowfon of the Parifh of Afby	r T!:c Reverend Hugh Atkinfou the Incum	
	A Water Corn Mill, called Afby-t Mill, and a Parcel of Land adjoining, >	Lbent. John Fothergill	10 — —
	in the Occupation of - - - J A Parcel of Land in the Parifh o! Afby - - -	John Teafdale	6 8 —
	Another Parcel of Land there	Jofeph Metcalf - -	oS —
	Forty twoCattlegatesor Agiftments'l for C ttle in certain ftinted Failures )■	John Clcmmcl	
Townfhip of Eolton, in the Parifh	in the Parifh of Afby - J A Water Corn Mill, called Bolton"* Vi ill, and a Parcel of land adjoining, >	John Mitchell	
of Movland.	in the Occupation of - - -J	<e.	3$ 13 — _

In the County of CUMBERLAND.

Out of what Lands they iffue.

In the County of WESTMORLAND.

4 15 *

The Sum of £.4.. iy. comprifes'j feveral fmall Rents ifluing out of fe- >

' "tenements J

9 J5 — Feral Meffuages and Tenements

Kirkby Kendal.

Jo/. Cowpsri

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.



	
■	
	
	
	T
	



.

A 7 i v*. /V'

.

■

■- ■■■

*-

■

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 77.

An Act for enabling the Governor and Directors of the Hofpital for Poor French Proteftan'ts, and their Defendants, redding in Great Britain, to grant fuch Part ot the Scite of the Buildings, and the Lands belonging to the faid Hofpital, or fuch Part thereof, as they fhall think proper, upon building Leafes.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS Hs late Majefly, King George the Firft, was gra- charter, 24th cioufly pleafed, upon the hunible Petition of//e»ry de Maflue, July^Geo.t. MarquisVe Ruvigny, Earl of Gaikway, and feveral other Perfons whole Names to the laid Petition were fubfcribed, by a Charter bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of July, in the Fourth Year of his laid Ma-jeftv’s Reign, to grant, conftitute, declare, ordain and appoint (amoogft other Things,) that the faid Henry Maffue, Marquis de Ruvigny, Earl of Galloway, Philip Menau, and the other Perfons in the faid Petition named, (hould be and be called One Body Corporate and Politic, in Deed and in Name, by the Name of “ The Governor and Directors “ of the Hofpital for Poor French Proteftants and their Defendants,

(t refiding in Great Britain j” and that they and their Succeffors Ihould and might forever be capable of purchafing, taking, having and receiving and enjoying Houfes, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Eftate whatfoever, real and perional, for Lives, Terms of Years, or for ever, not exceeding the Yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in all Idues above Reprizes,

[Xw. P<?r.]	16 D	for





*39+

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 77.

for the Benefit and Ufe of the Poor of the faid Hofpital j and did alfo give and grant unto every Subject or Subjects whatfoever of his faid Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, full Power and Authority to give, grant, fell, alien, affign, difpofe or bequeath unto the laid Corporation of the Governor and Direftors of the Hofpital, and their Suc-cefTors, for the Benefit and Ufe of the Poor of the faid Hofpital, any Houfes, Land>, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Eftate whatfoever, real and perfonal, for Lives, Terms of Years, or forever, not exceeding the Yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds as afore-faid : And whereas the faid Governor and Dire&ors of the faid Hofpital are poflefTed of or intitled to a Piece or Parcel of Ground now ufed as a Garden and Yards to the laid Hofpital, and containing, by Eftimation, with the Scite of the faid Hofpital, Four Acres and an Half, little more or lefs, fituate in the Parifhes of Saint Giles, CripplegeZe, and Saint Luke, in the Countv of Middlefex, and more particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, for the Refidue of Two feveral Terms, the one being a Term of Nine hundred and ninety Years, commencing at Lady-day, One thou land (even hundred and fixteen, granted in and by a certain Indenture of Leafe, bearing Date the Twenty-feventh Day of Hiarcb, One thouiand ieven hundred and fixteen, made between the Mafter and Keepers, or Wardens and Commonalty of the Myftery Leafe from or Art of Ironmongers of the City of London, of the One Parr, and Ironmongers’ James Baudou of London, Merchant, of the other Part-, which faid Tamest a*t0 ^nc^en!ure °r Leafe, and the Premiles therein comprized, by Indenture douin dated hearing Date the Third Day o$ September, One thoufand (even hundred 27th March and eighteen, made between James Baudouin, (Sf London, Merchant, of *7l6-	the One Part, and the faid Governor.and Dire&ors of the faid Holpi-

tal of the ether Part, weie afligned unto the laid Governor and Di-Sept. 1*718, re&ors of the faid Hofpital, and their SuccefTors, for all the Reft and from James Refidue of the faid Term of Nine hundred and ninety Years, therein Baudouin, to then to come and unexpired ; and the other being a Term of Nine or^nTDb" hurKjr€.(j ancj feventy Years, commencing at Michaelmas day. One reftors of the thoufand (even hundred and thirty-five, and granted bv Indenture, Hofpital. bearing i'ate the Eighteenth Day of January, One thoufand feven Leafe from hundred arid thirtv-fix, made between the Mayor and Commonalty tionofLorT" ant^ Citizens of the City of London of the One Parc, and the faid don, r8th Governor and Dire£lors of the faid Hofpital of the other Part; Jan. 1735. And whereas the Funds of the faid Hofpital being inefficient For the Pufpofe of iupporting or maintaining lb great a N umber of poor French Proteftants, as the Hofpital, and Buildings attached thereto, That it would would lodge and hold, it would be of very great Benefit to the faid Hof-be beneficial pital, and the Perfons who now are or hereafter may be fupported or to the Hof- maintained out of rhe Funds thereof, if the Governor and Direc-budTn £rSnt fbrs for the Time being of the laid Hofpital, were enabled to grant Leafe*s5	the-Scire of luch Part of the laid Buildings, with the Appurteriantes,

and fuch other Land or Ground of vvhicn they are now fo pofTeifed and entitled to, as fuch Governor and Directors may think proper, on Building Leafes for a Term of Ninety-nirie Years, with Rents referved ; but the lame cannot be effe&ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; Wherefore your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjedls, the Governor and Directors of the laid Hofpital for Poor French Proteftants and their Defccndants, redding in Great Britain, for and on behalf of the Perfons who are now relieved, and who may hereafter

apply

*39S

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

■apply for and be admitted to Relief out of the Funds of the faid Hofpital: Do molt humbly befeech your Majeilv, That it may Prayer, be ena£ted, and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Ma-iefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Governor and Directors of the Hofpital for Poor French Proteflants and their Defendants, refiding in Great Britain, and their Succefibrs, and they are hereby fully empowered and authorized, notwithftanding any Statute or Statutes, or ACt or A&s of Parliament heretofore made and now in force, by Indenture or Indentures duly executed under the common Seal of the faid Governor and Directors of the Hofpital for Poor French Proteflants and their Defendants, refiding in Great Britain, to make any Demife or Leafe, Demiles or Leafes, of the Scite of fuch Part of the faid Hofpital, with the Appurtenances as the faid Governor and Dire£lorsr or their Succefibrs, fhall think proper; and alfo of all or any Part or Parts of the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground, now ufed as a Garden and Yards to the faid Hofpital, and containing, by Eftimation, with the Scite of the laid Hofpital, Four Acres and an Half, little more or lels, and more particularly mentioned and ipecified in the Schedule to th s ACl annexed, with the Rights, Members, Eafements, and Appurtenances thereto refpetSfiyely belonging, unto any Perlon or-Per fans who fhall be willing to build upon, (or to rebuild or fubflantially repair the fame), in the Manner by the faid Leaf or refpedbiye Leafe* fo to be granted, to be fpecified for any Term or dumber of Years abfolute, not exceeding the Term of .LJinery-nine Years, to take EffeCt in PofTelfion and not in Reverfion, or by Way of future In-terefl, with Liberty for the Letree'pr LeiTres co take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buddings Handing upon the Premifes, in any fuck Leafe or Leafes refpedively, to be compriled, and to convert and difpofe of the Materials thereof to fuch Dies and Purpofes as fhall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and alfo to lav out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be compriled irt fuch Leafe or Leafes, -as, or for a Way or Ways, PafTage or Railages., fpr the Ufe ax>d Convenience of the LefTee or Lcffees, or other . Tep,a.n,t.s or Occupiers of the Premifes, fo as there be referved in and by fuch Lealies,	or

Grants reflectively, the beft and moil improved yearly Rent that can be reafonably had or gotten for the lame, to be made payable quarterly, free from all Deductions whatfoever, Regard being hac to the Value of the Buildings, if any, to be comprized in fuch Demifes or Leafes, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Fore-gift, or any Thing in the Natwe thereof, -for t-be malting of luch jrefpeciive Leafes, and fo as there be contained jn fuch Demilcs or Lealcs refpectivejy, Covenants from the re fpefliVeLe flees tQ.pay x^e Rent j&erefay refefved, to build and keep in repair ihe MefFuages, Erections, and Buildings, which may be agreed to be eredled and built on the Premifes, and alfo fub-llantially to repair, and keep in Repair, the Mefluages and Buildings agreed or intended to be repaired only, and to furrender and leave in Repair the MefTuages, Erections, and Buildings tmbe ereCled and built, or rebuilt and repaired, upon the Premifes thereby refpe&ively to be leafed, at the End of the 1 erm or Terms in fuch Leafes granted, and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpeclively,

a Power



48° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

a'Power for the Leffors, and their Surveyors and Agents to enter upon the Premifes, and to infpedl the State and Condition thereof, and all fuch other ufual and proper Covenants, Provifoes, and Conditions, on the Parts of the reipeclive Leffces, as are ufuaily contained in Building Leafes, in and near the City or London, or in the County of Middlejex, and fo as there be alfo contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpedlivcly, Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent, to be thereby reierved, or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provifoes, or Conditions, on the refpedlive Leffees* Part, and fo as the refpedlive Lelfees do feverally execute Counterparts of their refpedlive I-eafes.

JT. Saving always to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminillrators, (other than the faid Governor and Directors, and their Succeffors, in their Corporate Capacity,) all fuch Right, Title, In-tereft, Claim and Demand whatfoever, as they or any of them had or were intitled unto at or before the puffing of this Adi, or could or might have had or claimed in cafe this Adt had not been made.

III.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof, fo princed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Adt refers.

Quantity. Annual Valtre. A. R. P. L. s. d.

A Piece of Ground, comprizing the Garden,

Yards, and Scite of the Hofpital, and occupied therewith, fituate in the Parifties of Saint Giles, Cripple gate, and Saint Luke, in the County of Middlefex, and containing in

the whole	-	-	-420	In	Hand.

CHARLES BEAZLEY.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*** I' ***4.	************$***«&	$*$***	***********

Cap. 78.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Ki \ly Lonfdale, in the County of IVejhnor land.

[27th May 1 808.]

WHEREAS, within ihe Manor of Kirkby Lonfdale in the County of Wejlmorland, there are certain Commons and Wafte Grounds, containing by Eftimation One thouiand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable William Earl of Lonf dale is Lord of the faid Manor, and as fuch is entitled to the Royalties therein, and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds : And whereas the faid Eail of Lonfdale, William Wilfon Carus Wilfon Efquire, and divers other Perfons, in refpeft of certain Melfuages, Lands, and Tenements, are or claim to be entitled to R ight of Common upon the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, and alfo claim to be Owners ot certain Turf Dalts or Right of digging for Turbary upon certain Parts of the faid Commons: And whereas the faid Earl of Lonf.ale, William Wilfon Carus Wilfon, and the feveral other Perfons erthled to Right of Common, or otherwife interefted in the faid Commons and Waite Grounds, are willing and defirous ihat the fame fhculd be divided, allotted, and in-clofed, in the Manner herein-after exprefTed: But fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclcfure cannot be effe&ed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pltafe Your MajTty that it may be t-na&ed, and be it ena&cd by the Kng’s molt Excellent t\iajefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of ihe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemUed, and by the Authority of the fame, [Loc. Id Per.\j	16 £	That

1398	48°	GEORGII	III. Cap. 78.

O’nrimiffioner That Ejmund Tatham of CanUfield, in the County Palatine of Laipcajlery a,5pointeu. Gentleman, fhall be and he is hereby appointed foie Commiflioner for dividing and all string thefaid Commons and Wafte Grounds, and putting this Aft,in Execution, in fuch Manner and fubjeS to fucsh Regiijfotfons as are herem-after contained, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubj§£t to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Regulations, Reftri&jojis, and Provifions contained in an Aft, patted in the Forty-firfl Year of tlje!Rcign of His preXent Majefty, intituled, An Aft for confolidatirg in One Aft certain Provificns ufua'.ly inferted in Aft ? of mclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fafts ufually required on the paffing of fuch Aftas are not varied, altered, repealed, or other wife provided for by this Act.

Refotai*°f II. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if the faid Edmund 8a Com- Tatham fhall die, or refute, or be rendered incapable of aCting as Com-an'v' tberto be mitfi°ner in the Execution of this Aft, before the Powers and Authori-etefted. ties hereby veiled in him (hall be carried into Execution, the Lord of the faid Manor for the Time being, by his Steward or Agent, fhall with all convenient Speed appoint a Meeting of the Proprietors of ancient Mef* fuages, Lands, and Tenements within the faid Manor, to be held in the Market Town of Kirkby Lonfdale aforefaid, between the Hours of J en and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and fhall at leaft give Fouricen Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of holding fuch Meeting, by Advertifeinent to be inferted in The Lancajier GazettCi or if that Newf-paper fhall not then be pub'ifhed, in /owe orher Newfpaper ufually and generally circulated in the County of Wejlmorland \ and alio by affixing Notice upon the principal Door or the Parifli Church of Kirkby Lonfdale aforefaid, Fourteen Days at leafl before fuch Meeting fhall be holden ; and the Lord of the faid Manor for the Time being, or his Agent, and the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of Mettuages, Lands, and Tenements, -entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or their refpectivc Attor-nies, Agents, or Proxies (fuch major Part in Value to be afeertained by the Land Tax AiTelTment or Duplicate for the faid Manor, or for the Townfhip of Kirkby Lonfdale for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven,) fhall and may by any Inftrument in Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint, as often as there fhall be Occafion, a proper Perfon (nor being beneficially interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of a Perfon fo interefted) ;o be Commiflioner in the Room and Place of the faid Edmund Tatham, or of any other Commiffioner (to be hereafter appointed in his room fo dying or refufing to a6t, or becoming incapable of a&ing as aforefaid); and every Perfon who fhall be nominated and appointed Commiffioner as aforefaid, fhall, after taking the Oath preferibed in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for putting the faid recited Act and this Act into Execution, as if he had been named and appointed Commiflioner m and by this Act.

copies cf HE Provided always, That' the Writing or Inftrument of the Nomi-i^oilTing8 nation and Appointment of every Commiffioner to be nominated and c m:i i'Contr agpoinred by virtue of this ACt, fhall be enrolled with the Award of the and^o^e'td Commiffioner, and a Copy of fuch Writing or Inftrument, attefled by the proper Officer of the Court where the fame fhall be enrolled, fhall be '4	and

Evidence.

>399

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap.j*.

and be allowed to be full and fufficient Evidence thereof in all Courts whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioner fhall, and he is hereby required, to cau'e publick Notice by Adverrifement to be inferted in One or more Newfpapers jmblifhed at Lancq/ler, Car tfie, or Whitehaven, and ufuallv circulated in the faid County of Welhnorland, and alio by Notice to be affixed on the principal Door of the Pariih Church of Kirkby LonfJale aforelaid, upon fotne Sunday immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of holding his Firft and every other Meeting for the Purpofe of carrying this Ait into Execution, Twenty-one Days at lead; before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted") and all which Meetings (hall be held at Kirkby Lonfdale aforefaid, or within Eight Miles thereof; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioner, and for the Clerk to the faid Commiflioner in cafe the faid Commiflioner fhall not attend, to adjourn fuch Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty eight Days from the Day of inch Adjournment, fuch Meeting to be hoklen at the fame Place.

V.	And be it further enaded, That out of the Money that fhall be raifed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Ad, there fhall be paid to the faid Commiflioner, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shil ings, and no more, for each Day he Audi be employed in travelling to or returning from and attending on the Execution of this Ad ; and the faid Commiflioner fhall defray his travelling Expences, and alfo his own Expences at all Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, touching or concerning ihe Right to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wade Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the refpedive Rights and Interefts which they, or any of them, fhall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Inclofure, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon proper and fufficient Enquiry and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe the faid Commiflioner fhall upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objedion or Objedions, to be delivered to him in purfuance of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad, fee C.aufe to award any Cods, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby empowered upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflels, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as he fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioner fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Objedion or Objedions, fhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled, and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall.be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges, fhall negled or refufe to pay the fame on Demand,

'.'omrtiilTiow r ‘.0,1 e N- rue

CommiHlooi* er’s Allow-

r’oT.mi'lionec

to f (tie D.fpute*.

May award Lolti,

14.00

48® GE O R G11 III. Cap. 78.

mand, then and, in fuch Cafe it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Perfon whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfcnt. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglefting or refufing to pay the fa • e. rendering the Overplus (it any") upon Demand, to the Pe fon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Colts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Encroachments which (hall have been made upon any Part of the Commons and Wafte Lands, intended by this Act to be divided and inclofed, within the Space of Twenty Years next before the pafling of this A£t, (hall be deemed Part of the Commons and Wafte Lands to be divided and inclofed by virtue of this A£t, and the fame fhall be divided and inclofed accordingly : Provided neverthelefs, that all and every fuch Encroachments (hall be allotted to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall at the Time of making the Allotm nts be in the Pofieffion of fuch Encroachments, or in Receipt of the Rems and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Part of the Share or Proportion of the Commons or Wafte Lands to which fuch Perfon or Perions will be entitled by virtue of this Aft, without conftJering the Value of any Erection or other Improvements made thereon; and it any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not be entitled to any Allo'ment equal to the Value of fuch Encroachment, but (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, then the laid Commiffioner (hall afeertain the Price thereof, or of fuch Part thereof as fnall exceed the Rights of fuch Poffeffor or Poffeffors thereof, in refpeft of any other Property as aforefaid ; on afeertaining of which Price the faid Commiffioner (hall not value the Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but (hall value the Land only, and that at fo much Money per Acre, as the fame (hall in his Eliimation be worth, having Reference to the Wafte next adjoining; and upon fuch Perfon or Perfons paying fuch Price per Acre, and fo in Proportion for any lefs Quantity than an Acre, to the (aid Commiffioner, at fuch Time or Times as he fnall appoint for that Purpofe, and taking his Receipt or Receipts tor the lame, every fuch Encroach, ment, or fuch Part thereof as (hall be fo purchaled, (hall be allotted to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and (hall be holden and enjoyed by him, her, or them accordingly, and the faid Commiffioner (hall, and he is hereby required, to apply fuch Purchafe Money in fuch and the like Manner as Monies to be railed by Sale of Lands fjr defraying the Expences of obtaining and puffing this Act,, and of carrying the fame into i xecution, as herein directed to be applied ; and in cafe any Difputes or Differences (hall arife touching any fuch Encroachments, or to the Extent thereof, fuch Difputes (hall be fettled by the faid Commiffioner.

Allowing IX. Provided .always, and be it further enafted. That in cafe any their**Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, by an iflut at lhall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiffioner touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the faid Coippions and Wafte Lands, or any Right of Common or otuer Rights • or Inrerelfs in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted,, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, then . -I .. -i ..I', ii ttoin... . .	*	and

4-8' GEORGII III. C»p.-j 8.

and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to atid-for any Perfon or Per foils. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to proceed to a Trial ai Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiffioner* at the Firft Atlizes to be holde.i for the faid County of Weftmorlandr, or for1 any adjoining County, next after the Expiration of Three,Calendar Months' from the Time of fuch Determination ; and for that Purpofe the Perfon’ or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, fo diffiatis-fied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioner (hall caufe an Adtion to be brought upon a feigned IfTue again!! the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in vvhofe Favour fuch Determination (hall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commiffioner, and Notice thereof in. Writing given to him, her, or them ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A&ion or Actions (hall, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who fhall appear thereto, or file common Bail, and accept One or more lflue or Iffaes, whereby fuch Claim, or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (fuch Iflue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Adtion or Actions fhall be commenced in cafe the Parties fhall differ about the fame) ; and the Verdift or Verdi&s which fhall l>e given in fuch Action or Actions (hall be final, binding,and conclufive upon, all and every Perfon or Perfons whoinfoever. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unleis the Court w'herein fuch Adtion or Actions fhall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, in cafe the faid Court fhall think proper ; and after fuch Verdict or Verdicts fhall be obtained, and not fet afide by the faid Court, the faid Commiffioner fhall and he is hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials : Provided always, that the De- D; termination of the faid Commiffioner touching fuch Claim or Claims of J‘° Right to" the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or Right of to Common* or other Rights or Interefls in, over, or upon the Lands and no' Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and ihclofed, or any no’ Part thereof, which ffiali not beobjeded to, or being objeded to the Party or Parties objecting not caufing fuch Action or Adions at Law to be brought or proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties whatfoever.

1404

rnj’ffioner* e final, if objected

X.	Provided always, That nothing in this Ac: contained fnall authorize

the faid Commiffioner to determine the Title to any Meffuages, Lands, mine Ti les. Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any of the Parties in any Ad- A.-ttens not to tion to be brought in purfuance of this Aft fhall die pending the fame,

fuch Action fhall not abate ‘by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as De t, Lt the if no fuch Event had happened.	fotr.es.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon in Cats of or Perfons in. vvhofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have p'fil,l>sot f been made, and againft whom any fuch Action or Actions might have Acnoat * been brought if living, fhall die before any fuch A&ion or Aftions fhall

have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before c£fcd Mind [Lsa & Per.J	i6 P	limited	a ft"4*! ">

their ftamij.

*402	4^GE0RGII	III.	Cap.	78.

limited for bringing fuch Action or Actions, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Action or Actions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid, againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Ccmmif-fioner with Procefs for commencing fuch Action or Actions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living ; and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon. or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch A&ion or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been aftually living; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adtion cr Ad ions.

Pet fans in XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad: To^eTmilert^d contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commitlioner to determine any without due" Right between any Parties, contrary to the Polfeftion of any of fuch Par-La«le °* t*es’ excePt 'm Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in cafe the faid Commlftioner fhall be of Opinion againft the Right of the Perfon or Perlbns fo in PoiTeflion, he fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofftflion fhaii have been given up by or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejectment or other due Courfe of Law.

Suits not to XIV. And be it further enaded. That if any Suit or Suits fhall be Execution* of commenced or profecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Perfon tie Aa. or Perfons in or to any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in refped of which any Right of Common or other Right or n-tereft, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, fhall be claimed, fuch Suit or Suits fhall not delay, impede, or hinder the faid Gomrnifiioner from proceeding in the Powers vefted in him by this Ad ; but the faid Allotments fhall be proceeded in notwithftanding any fuch Suit or Suits, and may be had and taken by the Perfon or Perfons who upon the Determination of fuch Suit or Suits fhall become entitled to the fame.

■Alto*mens to XV. And be it further enaded.. That the faid Commiflioner fhall and onh^Hi-h-* be is hereby required to fet out, appoint, and allot unto the Surveyor or ways;	Surveyors	of the Highways within the faid Manor of Kirk by Lonfdale for

the Time being, the Parcel of Common or Wafte Ground called The Mill Area (neverthelefs fubjed and liable to nil the ancient Rights, Privileges, and Ufages of the Inhabitants of the faid Manor therein and thereupon, other than and except to the Herbage or Pafturage thereof) and alfo fuch other Part or Parts of the faid" Commons and Wafte Grounds as he fhall think proper and rfeccfFary' to be' ufed as and for publick Quarries, and for getting Gravel for making1 and repairing erf the Roads to be made over .and upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds and other the publick ‘Roads within'the faid Maiior j and the faid Owners and Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands, !and Tenements, and their refpective Tenants or Farmers,’ fhall haVe free Liberty of getting Stone, Gravel, and Sand in the faid Qharribs'%f'their' bWri'Ufe and Benefit, to be ufed within the faid Manor, but not otherwife, and not to fell or difpofe

I4°3

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

thereof; and the faid Commiflioner lhall alfo fet out and allot upon the faid Common or Wafte Ground called Mill Area and elsewhere alfo, if by him thought necelfary, a proper Place or Places for a publick Watering Place or Places for the Cattle of or belonging to the Owners and Occupiers of MdTuagc-s, Lands, or Tenements within the laid Manor, and for fuch Owners and Occupiers themfelves to take Water at or fetch Water from ; and the faid Allotments for publick Quarries and publick Watering Places (hall for ever thereafter be ufed by the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, and by the Proprietors of MelTuages,

Lands, and Tenements within tne faid Manor and their Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations as the faid Commiflioner lhall in and by his faid Award order and appoint; fave that the Grafs and Herbage thereof refpettively lhall be and the fame is hereby for ever veiled in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the faid Manor of Kirkby Lonfdale for the Time being and the Value or full and fair Rents and Profits thereof lhall be by him and them, from Time to Time, laid out and applied in and towards the Repair of the publick Highways of and within the faid Manor, and accounted and anfwered for Yearly and every Year, in the fame Manner and under the fame Regulations, Reftri&ions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as the Compofition Money or other Money raifed by Alfeflment or otherwife for repairing of the publick Highways is to be accounted and anfwered for, by and under the general Laws now in force or hereafter to be made for the Repairs of fuch Highways.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiflioner lhall in

the next Place mark and fet out fuch Part and Parts of the faid Commons p,rt uf the and Walle Grounds, other than and except the faid Mill Area, as will c nmonsto by the Sale thereof be in his Judgment fully lufficient to defray and dif-charge all the Colts and Charges and l’xpences incident to and attending his A£t. the obtaining and palling of this A£l, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the faid Commiflioner, his Afliftants and Servants, and all the other, necef-fary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Com-milfionerdn and about the Premifes, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the laid Commiflioner, and all other Expences of carrying this Acl into Execution.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiflioner lhall L3rds fst and he is hereby required at fuch convenient Times and Places as to him apart tor lhall feem meet, to caufe the faid Part or Parts of the faid Commons and

Wafte Grounds to be fet cut for Sale by him as aforefaid, to be put lip to fold toW publick Sale or Auction in Manner by the faid recited Act directed, fir'll b;lt B,ddcr-caufing at leaft Six Weeks previous Notice to be given in The Lancajlek Gazette or Newfpaper if then printed, and in One of the Carlijle or co-nmiffiorer Whitehaven Newfpapers, of the Time and Pla e to be appointed for that i* t King ut Purpofe: Provided always, that the faid Commiflioner lhali not fet out	bev

any Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands to be fold, which ought R^rd to V* on account of Contiguity or do.nveniency to be allotted* to any of, the ^Luityr Parties concerned in the faid Diyifton or Inclofure.	®-fnc^onve*

7

XVIII. And

1464	48°	GEORGII III. Cap,78.

on^'eenth	-And	be	it	further	enacted,	That	the	faid Commiffioner fhaft,

to"the Euf1 f and he is hereby required in the next Place to fet out, appoint, and allot LortfiMe, foi unto and for the faid Earl of honfdale, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or R^ht of Soil. Laches of the faid Manor for the Time being, fuch Quantity of the faid Common and Wafte Grounds as fhall, in the Judgement of the faid Commifiioner, be equal to One-fixteenth Part or Share of the Remainder of the (aid Commons and Wafte Grounds, which ihall remain after the Allotments and Appropriations herein-before mentioned, in lieu of and as a full Compenfation for the Right and Intereft of the faid Earl of Lonfdalc as Lord of the faid Manor, in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioner fhall in the next Place fet out, allot, and appoint unto the faid Owners and Proprietors of Turf Dalts, fuch Part and Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioner be a full Equivalent and equal in Value to the prefent Intereft of fuch refpeftive Owners or Proprietors in fuch Turf Dalts ; the fame to be fei out in fuch Places and Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds as in the Judgement of the faid Commiffioner may and will be mod convenient for fuch Owners and Proprietors refpectively ; to be and for ever hereafter remain fubjeft to fuch Lord’s Rents as the faid Turf Dalts or Turbary Grounds are now refpectively fubjeft or liable to.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the Perfon or Perfons claiming bediuve-ed !o t0 enti^e^ any Turf Dalt or Turf Dalts upon the faid Commons Comm.flioner and Wafte Grounds, fhall particularly fet forth and fpecify the fame, and

his, her, or their Right and Intereft therein and thereto, in the Account or Schedule in Writing directed by the faid recited Aft or this Aft to be delivered to the faid Commiffioner at his Firft or Second Meeting for putting this Aft in Execution, of the Right and Intereft of fuch Perfon or Perfons upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds ; otherwife and in Default of the Delivery to the faid Commiffioner as aforefaid, of a particular Specification of fuch Turf Dalt or Turf Dalts, the Perfon or Perfons afterwards claiming or pretending to claim any fuch Right or Intereft in the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, fhall be totally barred and excluded of and from all Claim, Right, and Title thereto, or to Benefit and Advantage in or to any Share or Allotment in refpeft thereof.

Allotment or	XXI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioner fhall and

the Rtfiduc.	js hereby required in the next Place to affign, fet out, and allot the

Refidue and Remainder of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds unto and amongft the faid Earl of Lonfdale, William Wilfon Cams Wilfon, and the feveral other Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right of Common or other Right or Intereft, in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiffioner fhall adjudge and- determine to be proportionate to and a full Satisfaction and Compenfation to him, her, or them refpectively, for his, her, or their refpeftive Rights of Common and other Rights and Intereft?, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and incloi'ed, or any Part the cof*

Allotments

to the Owner« of -Tuif Dalts,

XXII. Provided

48° GEORGII III. Cap.tf.	1405

XXII.	Provided always, and be jt further enaded, That the faid Com-	g

miflioner {hall and he is hereby required to fci out and allot the Share ,rlrnts to the and Proportion of the faid Earl of Lonfdale, for and in refped of his Right Euiof Lonf-to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wade Ground^, and alfo for and in daie* refped of his MeiTuages, Lands, and Tenements within the faid Manor, as contiguous and near to his Eltate called Spittle, as the Nature of the Cafe

will admit.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Execution Allotment* of the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, all the Lands and J^j^free* Grounds by this Ad divided, allotted, and inclofed, (hall be and are

hereby declared to be Freehold Lands and Grounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That when Two or more Allotments Small AlMw_ (hall be laid together, 2nd the refpedive Proprietors thereof (hall by any ud together. Writing under their Hands (ignify their Defire to the faid Commiflioner

that fuch Allotments may lie open to each other, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioner (unlefs there (hall be good Caufe to the contrary)

(hall not make or give any Orders or Diredions touching the Fencing fuch (mall Allotments from each other, but (hall exempt and except fuch (mall Allotments and the Proprietors thereof out of and from the General Orders and Regulations touching the Fencing of the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Ad ; fo far as fuch Orders or Diredions (hall refped the Fencing fuch fmall Allotments from each other, but not fo far as fuch Orders or Diredions (hall refped the Fencing of the fame, or any of them, from any other Allotment or Allotments to be made under or by virtue of this Ad ; and the faid Commiflioner in his faid Award (hall take due Notice of all fuch Exemptions and Exceptions.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in C2fe through Sari»fact>on Neeeflity of Situation, or any other Circumftance, it (hall happen that £°r^eneJJf'1,1 any One or more of the faid Proprietors (hall not have an equal Share of Fencing. Mounds or Fences allotted to him, her, or them, it (hall and may be lawful

to and for the faid Commiflioner, when he (hall judge it necefiary and reafonable. to award, order, afcertain, and appoint, what Sum or Sums of - Money fuch Proprietor or Proprietors (hall pay and contribute towards the making .of the Mounds and Fences of the llotment or Allotments of fuch other Proptietor or Proprietors who (hall or may have too great a Share or Proportion of Mounding or Fencing allotted to him, her, or them by virtue of this Ad ; and the oum or Sums of Money fo ordered, direded, or appointed to be paid, (hall be raifed, levied, and recovered in fucti and the like Manner as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining 2nd executing this Ad can or may be raifed, levied, and recovered, in cafe the Lands hereby direded to be fold (hall beinfufficient for fuch Purpofe.

XXVI And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall No Peat, after the pafling of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry Peat, whms^of** lurt, "ods, Sul Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the faid Fu.-*etobe Commons and Wade Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary cut* n the Licence of the faid v ommiflioner firft had and obtained in Writing, format Pilrpofe (whi h licence the faid Commiflioner is hereby empowered to grant, un . fuca Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Reftric-tions as to him (halt l'eero right and proper to inlert therein) then and in every fuch Caie the laid Commiflioner upon due Proof made before him [Lee. <3 Per.']	16	G	upon

1406

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

Upon Oath (which Oath the faid Commiflioner is hereby authorized to adminifter) fhall and he is hereby required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings to be 1 vied by Di/trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels o'f any Perion or Perfons fo oifending in the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels have been fo diltrained and fold, after deducting the Cods and Charges attending fuch Diltrefs and Sale ; and the Money fo to be levied as afosefaid {hall be applied towards defraying the Cods and Charges of obtaining and executing this Adt.

G-ips to lie XXVII. Provided always, That convenient Gaps or Openings {hall be tain Tnm.Ctr ^Ft *n ^le Faid Fences and Inclofures for fuch Space of 'l ime next eniuing the Execution of the Award of the faid Comnnflioner, for t he Pillage of Carts, Carriages, and Cattle, as the faid Commiflioner fliail in and by his faid Award diredt and appoint.

a'a/utC4	XXVIII.	And be it further enabled. That no Lambs or Sheep (hall be

siie;p, depadured in any of the faid intended new Inclofures during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the Award of the laid Commiflioner; unlefs the Perfons refpedtively fo depaduring or keeping Lambs or Sheep do at their own Expence effedtually guard and fence their Neighbours Quickfets adjoining to fuch Inclofures refpectively, in which Lambs or Sheep fhall be depadured or kept as aforefaid, fo as to prevent any Damage or Injury from being done to fuch Fence or Fences or Quickfets by any fuch Lambs or Sheep.

Commorfto XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to be fufpended. and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and einpowerd at any Time or Times before the Execution of the faid Award, by Notice in Writing under his Hand to be fixed upon the principal Door of, the Parifli Church of Kirkby LonfJale aforefaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extmguifhed, or the Ex-ercife thereof to be fufpended for and during fuch Time as {hall be exprefled in fuch Writing ; and that all fuch Rights of Common as the faid Commiflioner {hall by fuch Writing order and diredt to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, {hall, from the Time of affixing fuch Writing on the Church Door, ceafe, determine, and be extinguiflied, or the Exercife thereof fufpended accordingly; any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithllanding.

In cafe any XXX. Provided always. That if any Perfon or Perfons hath or have £iirfh" com- Fold and contracted or agreed to fell, or fhall at any Time within Six mon Ri.'hr, Calendar Months next after fuch Nutice given by th^faid Commiflioner to^^made^o For extinguifhing the Right of Common as aforefaid, fell, or emtradt, or c2«e pun.haler, agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Intereft, and Property, in, over, or upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe St fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby directed, authorized, and required, upon Notice thereof in Writing to be given to him by the Vendor, provided the fame be within the Time before mentioned, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Afligns, for or in'

refpedt

1407

48° GEORGII III. Cap 78.

refped of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold, or contraded or agreed to be fold as aforelaid ; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, or his or her Heirs or Affigns, fhall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to h m, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame (Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in cafe luch Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Rights, Interefts, or Property had been veiled in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforeiaid.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Leafe or Leafes Vacating and other ;\greements at Rack Rent, affeding all or any Part of the R^kRent. Commons or Wafte Grounds by virtue of th»s Act intended to be divided

and inclofed or exchanged as in the faid Act mentioned, fhall ceafe, determine, snd be void, as to fuch Commons or Wafte Grounds, on fuch refpedive Days and Times as the faid Commiffioner fhall by Writing under his Hand order and appoint; the refpedive LefTors or Landlords in fuch Leafes or Agreements having firft paid or tendered fuch Satisfaction to the refpedive Leflee or Leffecs, Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Commiffioner fhall afcertain as reafonable to be paid to fuch Leflee or Leflees, Tenant or Tenants, on account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lha 1 extend or be confirmed to extend to avoid any Agreement or Engagement already made between Landlord and Tenant in Contemplation of a Divifion or luclofure of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds or relating thereto : Provided alfo, that if there fhall be any Leafe. or Agreement of Lands, Part of which fhall lie in the faid Manor of Kirkby Lonjdale, and Part in any adjoining Manor or Place, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes and Agreements at Rack Rent nowfubfifting may be vacated ; but where any Land fhall have been taken in Exchange, which Land fhall be holden under any Leafe, and fituate in an adjoining Manor or Place, ihe Leafe of fuch 1 aft-mentioned Land fhall not be vacated.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That all Cofts, Charges, and Ex- Cons f Ex-pences attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions fhall be paid i.iangf», ho# and borne by the feveral Perfons making luch Exchanges or Partitions, in t3bePaid* fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiffioner fhall order

and dired.

XX XIII. And be it further enaded, That all the Cofts, Charge', and CofUcf th# j Exptnces (in cafe the Lands herein direded to be fold fhall be infufficient Act. for fuch Purpofe) of inclofing the Allotments hereby direded to be made to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the I iighways within the faid Manor of Kirkby Lonfdale, and all the Cofts, Charges, and Lxpences incident to and attending the obtaining this Ad, and of furveying, meafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premifes to be divided and allotted by virtue of th s Ad, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the faid Commiffioner, and all Charges and Ex-pences of the faid Commiffioner, his Clerk, Affiftants, and Servants, and other necefiary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed bv the faid Commiffioner, in and about the Premifes, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commifii ner, and all other

Expences

XAOS

Apr>l'?c.'!tipn of Overplus Mm ey raifed by Sale of Common-

Money advanced for the Purposes of this net, to he repaid with imeietK



48° GEORG1I III. Cap. 78.

Expences of carrying this Aft into Execution, fliall be borne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments fliall be made by virtue of this Aft (fav.e and except the Smveyor or Surveyors, of the Highways within the faid Manor of Kirkby Lonfdale reipeftively for the Time being, for and in refpeft of the Allotment or Allotments hereby direfted to be made to him or them as aforefaid) ; which laid Colts, Charges, apd Expences, together with the Proportions thei eof, to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, (hall be fettled and adjudged by the faid Commiflioner, and (ball be paid at fuch Time and Place and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioner lhall appoint.

XXXIV.	And be it further e-nafted, That if the Part or Parts of the faid Commons or Waite Grounds marked and fet out for Sale, and aftually fold by the faid Commiflioner, fliall happen to raife more Money than may be requifite for defraying all the Colts, Charges, and Expences of or incident to the ob aining of this Aft, and fully carrying the fame into Execution in every Refpeft, the Overplus Money fliall be by the faid Commiflioner paid and divided, and he is hereby direfted to pay and divide the fame to and among the feveral Proprietors of Allotments of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds allotted by him under and by virtue of the Powers comained in this Aft and the faid recited Aft or either of them, if feifed thereof in Fee Simple or other wife, fuch Surplus fliall be paid into the Bunk of England, in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, with refpeft to Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Perfons inerefted in any of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided,allotted, and inclofed, or any other Perfon or Perfons, on his, her, or their Behalf, (hall advance and pay any Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, or of carrying the fame into Execution, the Money fo paid and advanced lhall be repaid and fatisfied by the Direftion of the faid Commiflioner, together with lawful Intereft for the fame.

XXXVI.	And whereas fome of the Owners and Proprietors of and Perfons interelted in the Lands and Grounds within the faid Manor of Kirkby Lonfdale, may have Occaflon to borrow Money to defray their refpeftive Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Aft into Execution; be it therefore enafted, That it lhall and may be lawdul to and for the Proprietors and Owners of, and all other Perfons whomfoever interelted in fuch Lands and G rounds, being a Tenant cr Tenants for Life with or without Impeachment of Waite, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and alfo to and for the Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees, and Committees of any of the faid Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, oiv-beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Difability whatfoever ; and alfo to and for all Perfons afting as Guardians, Truftees, or Committees of any Owners or Proprietors, being under any Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, whether luch Owners or Proprietors refpectively be

Tenants

H°9

48’ G E ORG11 III. Cap. 78.

Tenants for Life with or without Impeachment of Waite, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives; by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under their refpe&ive Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Pretence of, and attefled by Two or more credible Witneffes, to charge the Lands and Grounds which fhall be allotted to them refpe&ively by virtue and in purfuance of this A&, with any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying their refpe&ive Proportions of thefaid Charges and Expences, and ot melofing and fencing their refpedive Allotments, as the faid Com* miflioner fhall think neceffary, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds fo to be allotted to them refpectively; the fame to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and applied for the Purpofes afore-faid, in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioner fhall dired and appoint; and for fecuring the Repayment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, with Interefl for the fame, to grant, mortgage, leafe, demife, or otherwife fub-jed the faid Premifes, or any Part thereof, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fhall advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money refpedively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Admin iflrators, or Afligns, for any Term or Number of Years; fo that every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Demife, or Security be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or with an exprefs Trufl to be furrendered when fuch Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fecured, and the Interefl thereof, fhall be fully paid and fatisfied; and fo that in every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Demife, or Security which fhall be made by any Perfon or Perfons interefled in or entitled unto the Premifes for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Truflee or Truflees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Provifo or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the faid Premifes fhall duly pay and keep down the Interefl of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby fecured during their refpective Lives ; and no Perfon afterwards becoming feifed or pofTeffed of the faid Premifes, fhall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interefl than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to fuch Poffeffion fhall have commenced; and every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Leafe, or Demife of the faid Premifes, fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purpofes thereby intended.

XXXVII.	Provided always, That the faid Proprietors, their Attomies Preprietor. or Agents, fhall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them fhall ^Ja^hcir attend the faid Commiflioner at any of the Meetings to be holden in pur- p-nces. fuance of this Aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That once at leaft in every Year Commiffioner during the Execution of this Atl (fuch Year to be computed from the ^ount^s Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commiflioner fhall and he is hereby Two juiikes required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of once a Year* Money by him received and expended or due t6 him for his own Trouble

and Expences in the Execution of this A£t; and fuch Statement' and Account wrhen fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhall be by him laid before any i'wo of His Majefly’s Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Wejlmorland not interefled in the faid Inclofure, to be them examined and balanced 5 and fuch Balance (hall be by fuch Juftices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiffioner ; and no Charges or Item in fuch Account (hall be	,

binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the’ fame (hall have been duly allowed by fuch Jullices.

[Lee. VPer.]	16 H

XXXIX. And

48° GEO R GII III. Cap. 78.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing

in this Aft contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend, fo as to revoke, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion. Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Meffuages, Buildings. Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, incloled, or exchanged as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof refpec-tively; but that the refpeclive Perfons to whom any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {hall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this Ad, fhall be feifed thereof to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the famp Eftates, and fubjed to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof fuch Perfons were feifed or‘poffeffed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiffioner, or for which or in refped whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be made, would have been fubjed to, charged with, or affeded by, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

to He depo- ’ XL. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the filed. 1 faid Commiffioner {hall, after the fame fhall have been inrolled in Manner direded by the faid recited Ad made in the Forty-firft Year of His prtfent Majefty’s Reign, be depofited in the Veftry of the Parifh Church of Kirkby Lonfdale aforeiaid.

Appeal.	XLI.	And	be	it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall

think himfelf or herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur U2nce of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad (other than and except fuch Determinations of the faid Commiffioner as are by the faid recited Ad or this Ad declared to be final, binding, or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes where an Iffiie at Law {hall be tried as herein mentioned), then and in every fuch Cafe he, /lie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be holden for the faid County of \\ tjhmrland. within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Thirty Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices (not intereffed in the Premifes) in fuch Seffions affembled, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Cofts and Damages as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cofts and Damages which fhall be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale ; and every fuch Order and Determination of the faid juftices upon every fuch Appeal fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procels whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjler or elfewhere ; but in cafe fuch Appeal fhall appear to the Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Juftices fhall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable ; and fuch Colts fhall be levied in Manner aforefaid.

141O

Will*, &c. no* to be af-feikd.

XL1I, Provided

I4it

48* GEORGII m. Cap. 70.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft R;§h>s cf ths contained {hall be confirmed o: adjudged to defeat, lefteru or prejudice the Manor to'* Right, Title, or Interest tf"the laid Earl of Lonfdale Lord of the laid Myras, not Manor, his Heirs or Affigns, or any of the future Lord or Lords, Lady P'eJU~ or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, of, in, and to the Coal,

Lead, Tin, Copper, Stone or Slate, Minerals or Metals within or under the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds intended to be inclofed as aforefaid (fave and except the Stones in the publick Quarries to be fet out as aforefaid,) or of, in, or to the Seigr.ories and Royalties, Franchifes, and Liberties incident and belonging to the faid Manor j but that the faid Earl of Lonfdale and all and every Perfon and Perfons claiming by, from, or under or in Truft for him as Lord of the laid Manor, and all iucceeding Lord and Lords, Lady and Ladies and Owners thereof for the Time being,

{hall and may at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, take, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts Perquifites, and Profits of Courts, Hunting,

Filh:ng, Hawking and Fowling, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themfelves and thofe put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs,

Eftrays, Forfeitures, Efcheats, and other Royalties, Liberties, Franchifes,

Privileges, Pre-eminences, Jurifdiftions, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the faid Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being, incident, appertaining, or belonging, or which have been anciently ufed, exercifed, and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords, lady or Ladies,of the fame Manor (other than and except fuch Right of Soil and Right of Common of Pafture, and fuch other Rights and Interefls as is and are by this Aft meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed, and ex~ tinguilhed) as could or might be claimed by him, her, or them, as Owner or Owners of the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, in as Fall, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as he,

{he, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe this Aft had not been made ; and that the faid Earl of Lonfdale and all the future Lords, Ladies, and Owners of the faid Manor refpeftively for the Time being, fhall and may from Time to Time, and at all l imes hereafter, have, hold, work, and enjoy all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foever, within or under the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, as well thofe trot opened as thofe already opened (fave and except the faid publick Quarries Of Stone to be fet out as aforefaid) and to have, enjoy, and be veiled with all convenient and neceflary Ways, Wayleaves, and Liberties of laying, irk?king, and preparing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, over, and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and of fearching for, winning, and working the Mines and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Coals, Lead, Tin, Copper, Stones, Lime, Slate, Metals, and Minerals, to be gotten thereout, or out of any other of his Lands or Grounds, and making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Water-courfes, erefting and ufing Fire Engines and other Engines, and all and every other Matters and Things now in ufe or hereafter to be invented for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, in, upon, through, over or along the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds or any of them, or any Part-or Parts thereof, and all other Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, fop all or any of the Purpofes aforefaid, in the fame Manner as if this Aft had not been made.

XLIII. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That in cafe the Lord or Lords, Sr isfatfioi Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, or any Perfon or

Perfon^ Mines, ^

i4i2	48"	GE'ORGII	III. Cap. 78.

Perfons claiming under him, her, or them, (hall, after fuch Inclofure made as aforefaid, fearch for, win, work, or lead away, any Coal, Lead, Tin, Copper, Stones, Lime, Slate, Metal, or Minerals, lying within or under any of the faid Allotments or Inclofures fo to be made as aforefaid, or Lands or Tenements in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments fhall be made, then and in every fuch Cafe the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, or fuch Perfon or Perfons fo fearching for, winning, working, or leading away the fame, fhaii make full and reafonable Satisfaction for the Damages and Spoil of Ground occafioned thereby, or in making or ufing of Waggon Ways or other Ways, or any other Matters and Things, according to the Powers herein referred or granted to the faid Earl of Lonfdale, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be in the Poffeffion of fuch Ground at the Time or Times of fuch Damage or Spoil.

XL1V. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid feveral Owners of Meffuages, Lands, and Tenements within the faid Manor, to whom Allotments fhall be made as aforefaid, their Heirs and Afligns, to dig for, take, and carry away, within, upon, from, and under their refpeClive Allotments, any Quantity of Lime or other Stone for the Improvement of their refpe&ive Lands and Grounds within the faid Manor, or for any other Purpofe or Purpofes for which Lime or Stone is ufed j fo as the fame be ufed by them refpe&ively within the faid Manor, and fo as the fame be not fold or otherwife difpofed of, and fo as no Damage or Obftru&ion be thereby done or given to the working of any Mine or Mines, Colliery or Collieries, Pit or Pits, Quarry or Quarries, Delph or Delphs, Work or Works, carried on or to be carried on by the faid Earl of Lonfdale, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, or his, her, or their Stewards, Agents, or Workmen refpe&ively.

General	XLV.	Saving	always	to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs

saving. and SuccefTors, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccefTors, Executors, and Adminiflrators, and all Perfons claiming under or in Remainder after them, all fuch Right, Title, and Interefl (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deflroyed, and extin-guifhed) as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in cafe this A£t had not been made.

u noticed u XLVI. And be it further enacted. That this Aft fhall be printed by a Pub lick Act. the Printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty ; and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

may get Limeitone

S one for their own Ufr, to be ufed within the Manor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew' Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 18c8.

!t



GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 79.

An A& for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Chipping, Mitton, and Ribchejler, in the County Palatine of Lanca/ter.	[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifhes of Chipping, Mitton, and Ribchejler, in the County Palatine of Lancajler, certain Tracts or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, refpe&ively called, known, or diftinguifhed by the Names following, that is to fay, Longridge Fell, fituate in the Parifhes of Chipping, Mitton, and Ribchejler, Hurjl Green, Bofe Bank, and Low Moor otherwife Chijley Green, Hood Lee, Bailey Green, and Chaigeley Moor, fituate in the feveral Hamlets of Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley, in the Parifh of Mitton ; and Dutton Lee, Fawney, Francis Green,	Green, Seed Green,	Green,

and Town Green, fituate in the Parifh of Ribchejler ; and alfo divers other Parcels of Common and Wafte Land within Thornley, Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler, in the County aforefaid, containing together by Eftimation, in Statute Meafure, Two thoufand Acres or thereabouts : And whereas the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Derby is The Earl of Lord of the Manor of Thornley lying within the faid Parifh of Chipping, Derby, Lord and as fueh is entitled to the Soil and Royalties in and over fuch Part of Manor the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, as is fituate0 orne7-[LoC'& Per.'}	16-1	within.



*4*4

Thomas Weld, Efq. Lord of the Manor* of Aighton, Bailey and Chaigelry, Dutton and Ribchefter.

Glebe Land inRibchefter.

Proprietors of Commons and Waite

General In-clofure A£t 41 Geo.III. c. 109.

Prefent State of the Commons and Waite Grounds, and Utility

Ccmmif.

fioners.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

within that Manor: And whereas Thomas Weld, Efquire, is Lord of the Manor of Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley, lying within the Laid Parifh of Mitton, (comprifmg the Three feveral Hamlet-s cf Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley) and the faid Thomas Weld is alfo Lord of the feveral Manors of Dutton and Ribchefter, within the faid Parifh of Ribchefter, and as fuch is entitled to the Soil and Royalties in and over fuch Parts of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, as are fituate within the faid Manors of Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchefter: And whereas the Right Reverend the Lord Bilhop of Chefter, in right of his See, is feifed of or entitled to the perpetual Advowfon, Right-of Patronage, and Prefentation, of, in, and to the Vicarage and Parifh Church of Ribchefter, and in right of his faid See is feifed of or entitled to the Parfonag.e, or Reftory Impropriate of the fame Parifh, and to certain Tythes and Glebe Lands lying within the faid Parifh of Ribchefter : And whereas the faid Edward Karl of Derby, the Right Honourable Thomas yames Warren Bulkeley Vifcount Bulkeley, and Elizabeth Harriott Warren Bulkeley Vifcountefs Bulkeley his Wife, the faid Lord Bifhop of Chefter, the faid Thomas Weld, and George Pctre Efquire, Thomas Parker Efquire, Thomas Waimeftey (an Infant) Efquire, Henry Townley Ward Efquire, James Taylor Efquire, William Croft Efquire, Anthony Edisforth Efquire, Charles Harrifon Efquire, William Joule Gentleman, Richard Eules Gentleman, Edward Entwiftle Gentleman, Harriot Cowper Widow, Anne Wall Spinfter, and feveral other Perfons, are Owners and Proprietors refpeftively of ancient Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments within the faid feveral Manors, Townfhips, and Hamlets of Thornley, Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchefter, and have feveral!y for themfelves ami their refpeftive LefTees and Tenants for and in refpeft of their faid feveral Eflates within Thornley, Aighton, Bailey-, and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchefter aforefaid, reflectively Right of Common or Pafturage, in, upon, and over the faid T rafts or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, in proportion to their feveral and refpeftive Eftates within the fame Manors, Townfhips, and Hamlets: And whereas an Aft was palfed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An Ad for eonfalidating in One Ad certain Provifions ufually inferted in Ads of Inchfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the faffing of fuch Ads :* And whereas the faid d rafts and Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, yield very little Profit, and in their prefent State are incapable of Improvement; but the fame might be improved, and it would be very advantageous to the Proprietors thereof and the feveral orher Perfons interefted therein, and of public Utility, if the fame were divided, and fpecific Shares thereof allotted to the refpeftive Proprietors thereof and Perfons interefted therein, according to their refpeftive Rights and Interefts therein, and fuch Allotments inclofed : But fuch Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure cannot be effefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, That it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by . the Authority of the fame, That Adam Cottam, of Whalley in the faid County, Gentleman, Edward Lovai, of Burnley in the County aforefaid. Gentleman, and William Harper, of Dunkenhalgh in the faid County, Gentleman, and their Succeffors for the Time being to be elefted or appointed

1415

4Sa GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Pointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for fetting out, dividing, allotting, and in doling the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wade Grounds, within the faid feverat and refpedive Manors, Townlhips, or Hamlets of Thornley, Aigb-ton, Bailey, and Chaigclcy, Dutton and Ribchejler, and for othervvife putting this Ad in Execution, with fuch Powers, and fubjed to fuch Regulations and Diredions as are contained in the faid recited Ad; and that all Ads,Two Com. Matters, and Things by this or the faid recited Ad authorized or dired-m,11'10ncrs ed to be done by the laid Commiflioners for the Time being jointly, may may act be done and executed by any Two of them, and that the fame, when fo done, {hall be as valid and effedual, to all Intents, and Purpofes what-foever, as if the fame had been done and executed by all the faid Com* miflioners.

II. And be it further enaded, That when and fo often as before the Appoint-Execution of the feveral Awards or InAruments in Writing, hereinafter ™ent °|_new direded to be made, any of the Commiflioners appointed by this Ad;, or ^^cafeof to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, (hall die, or {hall refufe or ne- Death, &c. gled to ad as a Commillioner in the Execution of this and the faid Ad, for the Space of Two Calendar Months when Oqcafion {hall require the Attendance of fuch Commiflioner on the Bufmefs of the faid Inclofure, or (hall become incapable of ading, then and in cafe of the Death, Refuful,

Negled, or Incapacity to ad of the faid Adam Cotiam, and fo from Time to Time as to his Succeflbr, the faid Edward Earl of Derby, as Lord of the faid Manor of Thornley, or the Lord of the fame Manor for the Time being, (hall from Time to Time within Two Calendar Months next after the Death, Refufal, Negled, or Incapacity to ad of the laid Adam Cottam, andfo from Time to Time as to his Succeflbr, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, appoint One Commiflioner not interefted in luch Divifion and Inclofure, inflead of the laid Adam Cottam, or of his Succefl'or; and in cafe of the Death, Refufal, Negled, or Incapacity to ad of the laid Edward Lovat, and fo from Time to Time as to his Succeflbr, the faid !Thomas Weld, as Lord of the faid Manors of Aighton, Bailey, and Chaige-ley, Dutton, and Ribchejler, or the Lord or Lords of the fame Manors., for the Time being, lhall from Time to Time within Two Calendar Months next after the Death, Refufal, Negled, or Incapacity to ad of the faid Edward Lovat, and fo from Time to Time as to his Succeflbr, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands or Seals, appoint One Com-inillioner not interefted in fuch Divifion and Inclofure, inltead of the laid Edward Lovat, or of his Succeflbr; and in cafe of the Death, Refufal,

Negled, or Incapacity to ad of the faid William Harper, and lo horn l ime to Time as to his Succeflbr, the faid feveral Perfons who for the l ime being lhall be interelted in the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Waite Grounds, fo intended to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, or their refpedive Agents or Attornies duly authorized in that Behalf ("other than and except the Lord and Lords of the faid Manors of Thornley, Aighton,

Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler, for the Time being) or the major Part of them in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained by tne Land Tax Afleffment for the Time being of the ancient Meffuages and inclofed Lands in refped of which fuch IntereA therein is claimed) who lhall be prelent at a Meeting to be called for that Purpofe, lhall from Time to Time within Two Calendar Months next after the Death, Refufal, Negled, or Incapacity to ad of the faid William Harper, and fo from Time to l ime as to

1416	4$*GE0RGII	ni. Cap. 79-.

his Succeffors, by Writing under their Hands and Seals appoint One Commiffioner not interefted in fuch Divifion and Inclofure, in (lead of the faid William Harper or of his SuccefTor, and fo from Time to Time as often as any fuch Cafe {hall happen; and every Commiflioner fo to be appointed as aforefaid, {hall have the like Powers and Authorities by this or the faid recited Aft as the Commiflioner or Commiflioners in whofe Place or Places •	be or they fhall fucceed was or were veiled with : Provided always, that in

cafe of the Death, Refufal, Negleft, or Incapacity to aft of the faid William Harper or of his Succeifor, Notice in Writing be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the Parifh Churches of Chipping, Mitton* and Ribchejler, hereinafter mentioned, in like Manner as Notice of other Meetings held • for the Purpofe of carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution are by this Aft direfted to be given, of the Purpofe, Time, and Flace of fuch Meeting to chufe fuch new Commiffioner, at lead Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting.

Allowance III. And be it further enafted. That out of the Monies that {hall be T,ione-»^' * ralfed for defraying /the Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, there fhall be paid to each of the faid Commiflioners, as a Recompence for his Time, Trouble, journies, and Expences in and about the dividing, allotting, and inclofing the faid Commons,: .Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, and hearing and determining Difputes, and ali other Matters what-Joever incident to his faid Office as a Commiffioner, the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, andnovinore, for each Day he fhall be attending in the Execution of this and the faid recited Aft, and in travelling to and from their refpeftive Place or Places of Meeting; and at all their Meetings the faid Commiflioners {hall defray their own Expences (faveand except the Expence of hiring a Room or Rooms for the Purpofe of holding their feveral Meetings for carrying the faid recited Aft and this Aft into Execution).

Nonce of iv. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and °F they are hereby required tcrcaufe Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Uontrs. principal outer Door of the Three feveral Parifli Churches of Chipping in the County of Lancajler, Mitton in the County of York, and Ribchejler in the County of Lancajler aforefaid, on fome Sunday immediately before or after Divine Service, and alfo a like Notice to be inferted in One or both of the Prejicn and Blackburn News-papers, and in the Liverpool Saturday’s Weekly News-paper, or fome other public News-paper ufuaily circulated in the faid County of Lancajler, of the Time and Place of their Firfl; Meeting, and all other fubfequent Meetings for executing the Powers hereby and by the faid recited Aft veiled in them, at lea It Ten Days before any fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the Time being to adjourn their Meetings, and appoint the fame to be held within the faid Parifhes of Chipping, Mitton, and Ribchejler, or fome or One of them, or at fome Place within the Diftance of Eight Miles of the fame Pariflies, or fome or One of them, on any future Day as they {hall fee Occafion and think necef-fary: and if the faid Commiflioners, or no more than One of the faid Coinmiliioners fhall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any fuch. Meeting, or to which the fame fhall be adjourned, it fhall be lawful for the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners to adjourn fuch Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Ten Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be held 3	at

1417

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

the fame or any ether Place within Eight Miles from the laid Pariilies, or fome or One of them, and fuch Clerk fhallcaufe Notice of fuch Adjournment to be given to the faid Commiflioners.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That all other Notices Other N. • neceflary. or requifire to be given by the faid Commiflioners, {hall be fo uces how to given by Advertifement to be inferted in the faid Prcjlon and Blackburn c News-papers, or One of them, and in the Liverpool News-paper, or if the

fame {hall uot be then publiflied, then in fome Two other News-papers circulated in the faid County of Lane after,

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it {hall be lawful for the faid Com- Commiffion-miffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a fts Clerk to affifl: them in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time

to remove fuch Clerk, and appoint another in his Stead, as to the faid Commiflioners {hall feem meet: and from and out of the Money to bi provided for the Purpofes of this A cl, to allow and pay to fuch Clerk fuch Salary or Allowance for his Trouble as to the faid Commiffiorers (hall appear juft and reafonable.	^

VII.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Commillioners may and Comm'filon-they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as to them {hall ers may ap-feem meet, to appoint any competent Perfon or Perfons, not interefled in

the faid intended Incldfure, or not being the Steward or Agent of any XSantL Perfon fo interefled, to be a Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purpofe of the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, or to be an Affiftant to them the faid Commiflioners, in executing the feveral Powers and Authorities in them veiled by this and the faid recited Adi; and from Time to Time to difplace and remove any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be appointed, and to appoint any other competent Perfon or Perfons, not interefled as aforefaid, in the Room and Stead of any fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, Afliflant or Afliftants, fo to be difplaced or removed ; and to pay, fatisfy, and difeharge to each and every fuch Surveyor and Afliflant fo to be appointed as aforefaid, from and out of the Monies to be provided for the Purpofes of this Acl, all fuch Remuneration for Labour, Recompence, and incidental Expences, as to the laid Commiflioners {hall appear juft and reafonable.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Perfon {Trail	to

be capable of afting in the Execution of this or the faid recited A61, as a ,a‘ic aa^at‘u Surveyor, until he {hall have taken and fubferibed the Oath or Affirmation following; (that is to fay)

do fwear [or, being one of the People called Quakers do folemnly Surveyor’s ‘ declare and affirm that 1 will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, Oarh.

‘ according to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the ‘ feveral Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me as a Surveyor ‘ by virtue of an Acl pafled in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majefly King

*	George, tne Third, intituled. An Ad jhere infert the Title of this A cl 2

*	according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affec-

*	tion, Prejudice or Partiality to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

‘ So help me God/

Which Oath or Affirmation it {hall be lawful for any One of the faid Com-iniffioners to adminifter to each and every Surveyor fo to be appointed as [Loc. & Per.2	16 K	aforefaid;

T4i8	48° GEORGII III. Cup. 79.

aforefaid; and fuch Oath, fo taken and fubfcribed, (ball be annexed to and depofited with the Award of thefaid Commifiioners.

Proceedings IX. And be it farther enabled. That all Orders, Proceedings, and De-Reentered terminations of the faid Commifiioners, at any of their Sittings to be held JOU ‘ in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpofe, and fhall be figned by the faid Commifiioners at fuch Meetings, and being fo figned, fhall be deemed and taken for Originals ; and all fuch Books (hall and may be read in Evidence in all Cafes of Appeal, Suits, Actions, and other Proceedings, touching any Matter or Thing done or to be done in relation to or in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft.

Survey to be

made.

X.	And for the more juft and regular Divifion of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed : Be it further enaft-ed. That the faid Commifiioners {hall make or caufe to be made a Survey, Admeafurement, and Plan of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, and alfo of the old Inclofed Lands within the fame Pari fhes of Chipping, Mitt on, and Ribchejler, or of fuch Part or Parts thereof refpeftively as they may think neceflary, and divide and reduce the fame into Four feparate Parts, to wit, One Plan as to fo much and fuch Part thereof only as is fituate within the faid Manor of Tbornley; One other Plan as to fo much or fuch Part thereof only as is fituate within the faid Manor and Hamlets of Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley ; One other Plan as to fo much or fuch Part thereof only as is fituate within the faid Manor of Dutton; and One other Plan as to fo much or fuch Part thereof only as is fituate within the faid Manor of Ribchejler ; and fuch Survey, Admeafurement, and Plans fhall be reduced into Writing, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches in Statute Meafure contained in the faid Manors refpeftively fhall be fet forth and afcertained, and delivered to the faid Commifiioners, and fhall be verified upon the Oath or Affirmation of the Perfon making the fame (which Oath or Affirmation any of the faid Commifiioners, or any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Lancajler, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter): Provided neverthelefs, that if any Plan or Plans, Survey or Surveys, already made of the faid Commons, Moors, Heaths, or Watte Grounds, or the faid Inclofed Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof refpeftively, fhall be produced, and laid before the faid Commifiioners, of the Authenticity of which they fhall be fatisfied, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to make ufe of the fame without caufing fuch new Survey or Plan to be made thereof.

W ifles ad- XI. And be it further enafted, That all and every fuch Parts and Par-j y'p>g I'1- cels of Lands or Wafte Grounds in the faid feveral Manors or Townfhips HMiwa-s, Tbornley, Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler, or gcc^to be * any of them, as are or have been heretofore inclofed or taken from the taken into	faid Commons, Moors, Heath, or Wafte Grounds, by any Perfon or

the Survey. perfons (not being a Freeholder or Freeholders there) as adjoins to any ancient Inclofures or any of the Highways there, or wherefoever fituated, fhall be furveyed and valued, (fuch Valuation to be taken after the Manner or Value of the adjoining Common or Wafte Ground,) and fhall be deemed and taken to be Part or Parts of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and 4	Wafte

*4*9

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Wade Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, and {hall by the faid Commiflioners be divided and allotted to fuch of the faid Proprietors as fhall have Lands or Grounds within the faid Manors or Townlhips adjoining or lying neared to them refpeftively.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners, and CommifGon-the Surveyor to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, and every fucceeding ers and bur" Surveyor to be appointed as aforefaid, their Servants and Afftftants, and tavePower all Perfons employed by them refpeftively for the Purpofes and in Execu- to enter upon tion of this and the faid recited Aft* fhall have and they are hereby veiled Lands, with full Power and Authority, at any Time or Times vvhatfoever, to

enter into, view and examine, furvey and admeafure ail and every the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, and alfo the ancient inclofed Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifhes of Chipping, Mitton, and Ribchejler, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofe of this and the faid recited Aft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for Commiffion-the laid Commiflioners to enquire and determine what Inclofures and En- inquire croachments have been from Time to Time made upon or taken from the croachmeots. faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Waite Grounds, or any of them, or

any Part or Parts thereof, by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and that all fuch Inclofures and Encroachments which fhall have been made, taken in, held, and enjoyed for Twenty Years and upwards next before the palling of this Aft without Interruption, fhall after the palling of this Aft be absolutely veiled in the Perfon or Perfons holding the fame, in fuch Manner as he, Ihe, or they have hitherto enjoyed fuch Inclofures and Encroachments refpeftively, but that all other Inclofures and Encroachments within the faid Manors or Townlhips of Thornley, Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler, or any of them, fhall be allotted to him, her, or them, having made or being in Pofleflion thereof, as Part of his, her, or their refpeftive Shares or Allotments of the faid Commons,

Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft; and in cafe any Difference or Difpute Until arife touching any fuch Inclofures or Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, fuch Difference or Difpute lhall be determined by the faid Commiflioners: Provided always, that no Perfon or Perfons who is or are or lhall be entitled to any fuch Inclofures or Encroachments lhall in refpeft thereof be entitled to any Part or Share of or in the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, or Wafte Grounds, intended to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Difpute lhall arife be- Commifllon-tween any of the Parties interefted, touching their Rights or Claims,ers to fettle Eftates or Interefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be DifPuteSj&c. divided and inclofed as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame: Provided but not to de-always, that nothing herein contained lhall authorize or empower the faid termine Djf-Commiflioners to determine any Difpute that lhall or may affeft the as to Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or HereditamentSj within the iltes»&c* faid Parilhes of Chipping, Mitton, and Ribchejler.

XV. And

1420

alTets Cell

Power t Rights Law.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid ComnrilTioners fhall, upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the faid recited AG, fee Caufe to award any Colts, it lhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, alfefs, and award fuch Colts and Charges as they lhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commifiioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Coporate or Collegiate , whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, lhall be thereby difallowed or overruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be liable to pay fuch Colts and Charges, lhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cale it lhall be lawful for the faid CommilTioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands di-jeCted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Colts and Charges to be levied by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfon?, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any)-upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels lhall have been fo diltrained and fold, after deducting the Colls and Charges attending fuch Diltrefs and Sale.

try XVI. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interelted or claiming to be interelted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, lhall be dilfatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiffioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interefts, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Inclofure,. and lhall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Clerk or Agent, fignify the fame to the faid Commifiioners, together with the Grounds or Reafons of his, her, or their Diflatisfaction, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination lhall be made, then and in every fuch Cafe (but not otherwife) it lhall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo dilfatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters fo determined by the faid Commifiioners at the then next or at the following Afiizes to be holden for the County Palatine of Lancajlcr ; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or I^erfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be dilfatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commifiioners, lhall caufe an ACtion or ACtions to be brought upon a feigned Ilfue againll the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Coporate or Collegiare, in whofe Favour any Determination lhall have been fo made within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination lhall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch ACtion or Actions lhall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who lhall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iflue or Hfues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Rights or Interefts thereby infilled

on

1421

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

©n may be tried and determined ; fuch Iflue or lflues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Action or Actions (hail be commenced fin cafe the Parties (hall differ about the fame ;) and the Verdid or Verdicts which (hall be given upon the Trial of fuch Action or Adions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Actions fliall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or Trials therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do in cafe the faid Court fhall think proper; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the faid Court to put off the Trial or Trials of fuch Iffue or Iffues upon fufficient Caufe fhewn, as is ufual in other Cafes; and after fuch Verdid or Verdicts fhall be obtained and not fet afide by the faid Court, the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials : Provided always, that all fuch Determinations of the faid Commiffioners as fhall not be objeded to within the Time and in Manner afore-laid, or being fo objeded to, the Party or Parties objeding not caufing fuch Adion at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforefaid, fhall be abfoluteiy binding, final, and conclufive upon all Parties whomfoever.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That if either of the Parties in any A&ionsnot Adion to be brought or Appeal had in purfuance of this Ad, fliall die to by pending the fame, fuch Adion or Appeal fhall not abate by reafon thereof, paeratj^gof but fliall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That if any Suit or Suits fhall be Suits rcfpe&-

commenced or profecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Perfon ing Titles not dr Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in or to any	.

Manor, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heieditaments, for or in refped of oAh^A&Z which any Right of Common or other Right or Interefl, in, over, or upon

the Lands or Grounds hereby direded to be divided, allotted, and in-clofed, or any Part thereof, fhall be claimed, fuch Suit or Suits fhall not impede, delay, hinder, or prevent the faid Commiffioners from proceeding in the Powers veiled in them by this and the faid recited Ad, but the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, fhall be proceeded in notwithflanding fuch Suit or Suits, and may be had and taken by the Perfon or Perfons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of fuch Suit or Suits fhall become entitled to the fame.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perlbn In cafes of or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have Deaths of been made, and againfl whom any fuch Adion or Actions might have

been brought if living, fhall die before any luch Adion or Adions fliall bro%ht the have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore fame to t>e limited for bringing fuch Adion or Adions, it fhall be lawful for the carried on Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought luch Adion or Adions againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring Names, the fame within the lime fo limited as aforefaid againfl fuch Perfon or Perkins as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners' with Piocefs for commencing luch Adion or Adions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it fliall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or [LgCf.Ss* Per.2	16L	Perfons

1422

Pel-Cons ;n poffcffion not tobcmoleftcd vithout due Courfe of Law.

Com million-

Allotments

Materials for Repair of Roads.

Allotment for Watering Places, See.

48° GEORG11 III. Cap. 79.

Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaiefv to appear and defend fuch A£lion or Actions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (hall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perlon or Perfcns-had been actually living; and the Rights of all Perfons fhall be equally bound and concluded bv the Event of fuch Action or Actions.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiflioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofleflion of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, but in cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall be of Opinion again ft the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in pofleflion, they fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofleflion fhall have been given up by or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejectment or other due Courfe of Law.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Juflices of the Peace acting in and for the faid County of Lancqfler,. fuch Order being thereby declared to be fubjed to Appeal in Manner as in the faid recited Ad is mentioned, to divert, flop up, or change any of the public Roads (not being a Turnpike Road) palling or leading through any of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath and Waite Grounds, as they the faid Com-miffioners fhall deem neceflaiy, and as they fhall think proper; and fuch Roads fo flopped up fhall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, and fhall be divided, allotted, and inclofed accordingly.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they 2re hereby required to fet out, afiign, and allot fuch Part and Parcel of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath and Wafts Grounds as they fhall think proper and fufficient as and for Public Stone and Gravel Pits, for the Purpoie of getting Materials for the forming, completing, and repairing the public and private Roads and Ways in the faid Parifhes refpedlively, wherein the faid Commons, Moors, Heath and Wafte Grounds are ficuated as aforefaid, and by the faid recited Adi diredled to be fet out, formed, completed, and repaired ; and to and for fuch other Ufes and Purpofes as the laid Commiflioners in their Award, by this or the faid recited Act diredled to be made, fhall appoint.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby empowered and required (after they fhall have fet out and appointed the public Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the faid Commons, Moors, Heath and Wafte Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed) to fet out, allot and award fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Commons, Moors, He.ith and Wafte Grounds fa intended to be divided and inclofed, within each and every of the faid i'eve-ral and refpective Manors of Tbornlcy, Aigbton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler, as they fhall think proper and fufficient for the Purpofe of common Watering Places for Cattle, getting Stone, Slate, Flags, and other Materials for erecting and repairing of Buildings, Bridges, Walls, Fences, and other Works, and for the Reparation of the public and private Roads, which now are of hereafter fhall be made within Thornley,

2t	Aightony

1423

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 79.

Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler aforefaid refpedively ; fuch Part fo to be fet out in the faid refpedive Manors, Townfhips, or Places, to be ufed and enjoyed only by the Proprietors of Lands within the fame refpedively, and in fuch Manner only, and under and fubjed to fuch Rules,

Orders, and Regulations, as the faid ( ommiffioners (hall make or appoint, and which Ru’es, Orders, and Regulations, they are hereby required and directed to make accordingly.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and Commiffion-they are hereby required, according to the beft of their Skill and Judg-ers to fPcafV menr, and in fuch Manner as to them (hall appear juft and right and molt

proper for the Purpofes of this and the faid recited Ad, to eftimare, afcer- inc!ofures, tain, and fettle, and by Writing under their Hands fet down and fpecify and of Lands the adual, full, or comparative Annual or other Value of the feveral Mef-10 ^ divided, fuages. Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the faid Manors or Townfhips of Thorn ley, Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler refpedively, to which any Right of Common in or upon the faid Trads or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, or Wade Grounds, or any of them fo intended to be inclofed as aforefaid, (hall be admitted or found to be appendant or appurtenant, and alfo the Value of the Right of Common to which fuch Perfon is legally or fairly entitled as appurtenant or appendant to the fame Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments refpedively, and of all fuch other Rights in, upon, or to the faid Trads or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, or Wafte Grounds, or any of them as fhall have been admitted or proved according to the Intent and true Meaning of this or the faid recited Ad ; and the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required in like Manner to afeertain, fettle, fet down, and fpecify the feveral Quantities, and likewife the Value by the Acre, or otherwife, of the faid Trads or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, or Wafte Grounds within the faid feveral Manors or Townfhips of Thornley,

Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribchejler, in the different Parts thereof refpedively, according to the Nature and Situation of fuch refpedive Parts.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and Allotment to they are hereby authorized and required (after the public and private Roads Lord Derby and the Allotment and Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits, and for as °f Watering Places, fhall be fet out within the faid Manor of Thornley afore- *phomlc°r faid, in purfuance of this and the faid recited Ad) to let out, allot, and

award unto and for the faid Edward Earl of Derby, as Lord of the faid Manor of Thornley, or the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be Lord or Lords for the Time being of the fame Manor, One full Twentieth Part in Value (the whole into Twenty equal Parts to be divided) of fuch Part of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, or Wafte Grounds, intended to be inclofed by virtue of this and the faid recited Ad, as is fituate within and Parcel of the faid Manor of Thornley, in Compenfation for and in lull Satisfadion of his or their Right as Lord of the faid Manor (except as hereinafter mentioned,) to the Soil of the Refidue of the fame Part of the fame Commons,

Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners fhall Allotment to and they are hereby authorized and empowered (after the public and pri- Thomas vate Roads, and the Allotment and Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits, ’ai^' d and for Watering Places, fhall be fet out within the Manor of Aighton% pf the Manor

Bailey

1424	4$°	GEORGII III. &up. 79*

cj Ai^hton, fiailey and Chaigeley aforefaid, in purfuance of this and the faid recited Ch?r-ian? -Att) to ^et out» atlot^ and award unto and for the laid Thomas Weld, as Lord of the faid Manor of Aighton, Bailey, and Charge fey, or the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be Lord or Lords for the Time being of the fame Manor, One full Twentieth Part in Value (the whole into Twenty equal Parts to be divided) of fuch Part of the faid Tracts or Parcels of the faid Common, Moor, Heath, and Wade Grounds, intended to be inclofed by virtue of this and the faid recited Aft, as is fituate within and Parcel of the faid Manor of Aighton, Bailey, and Chaigeley, in Compenfation for and full Satisfaction of his or' their Right as Lord of the faid Manor (except as hereinafter mentioned) to the Soil of the Refidue of the fame Part of the fame Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wade Grounds.

Allotment to XXVIL And be it further enaCted, That the faid Commidiofiers fhall Wtld^Ef-	tbey are herebY authorized and required (after the public and private

quin.-, as Lord Roads, and the Allotment and Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits, ef the Manor and for Watering Places, fhall be fet out within the Manor of Dutton of Dutton, aforefaid, in purfuance of this and the faid recited Ad) to fet out, allot, and award unto and for the faid Thomas Weld, as Lord of the faid Manor of Dutton, or the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be Lord or Lords for the Time being of the fame Manor, One full Twentieth Part in Value (the whole into Twenty equal Parts to be divided) of fuch Parts of, the faid Trails or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, and Wade Grounds, intended to be inclofed by virtue of this and the faid recited Ail, as is fituate within and Parcel of the faid Manor of Dutton, in Compenfation for and full Satisfaction of his or their Rights as Lord of the faid Manor (except as hereinafter mentioned) to the Soil of the Refidue of the laid Commons and Wafte Grounds.

Allotment to XXVIII. A nil be it further ended, That the * faid Commiflioners Ihajt Am Pei	they are hereby authorized and required (after the public and private

A A,as Lord' Roads and Way?, and the Allotment and Allotments for Stone and Gravel of the Manor Pits, and for Watering Places, (hall be fet out within the Manor of Rib-rA R-.bencittr. c]jej}cr aforefaid in purfuance of this and the faid recited Act) to fet out, allot, and award unto and for the faid Thomas Weld as Lord of the faid Manor of Ribchcjlcr, or the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be Lord or Lords for the Time being of the fame Manor, One full Twentieth Part in Value (the whole into Twenty equal Parts to be divided) of fuch Part of the faid TraCts or Parcels of the faid Common, Moor, Heath, and Wafte Grounds, intended to be inclofed by virtue of this and the faid recited Act, as is fituate within and Parcel of the laid Manor of Ribcbcjler, in Compenfation for and full Satisfaftion of his or their Right as Lord of the faid Manor (except as hereinafter mentioned) to the Soil of the Refidue of the fame Part of the lame Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wafte Grounds.

Allotment nf XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commilfioners fhall tiu: RdL'ue aT1tj may aftd they are hereby authorized and required, after making fuch °L 1A AAVo Deductions and Allotments as hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, apportion, th.-PrA*	fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the laid Tracts or

pat lory.	Parcels .of Common, Moor, Heath, and Wafte Lands and Grounds fitu-

ate within and Parcel of the faid feveral Manors, Town (hips, and Handers of Thornlcy, Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Ribehejler refpeCt-ively, and hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, unto and amongft the faid feveral Lords of the faid feveral Manors, and the-laid

feveral

1425

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79,

feveral other Owners and Proprietors of Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, having Right of Common or other Intereft in or upon fuch Parts refpedively, in refped of fuch Rights or Intereft, in a juft and fair Proportion, according to their feveral and refpedive Lftates, Rights, and Interefts therein, and in full Satisfadion of and for fuch their feveral Shares, Rights, and Interefts, to be afcertained and adjudged by fuch Ways and Means and in fuch Manner as the faid Commifiioners fhall in and by their Award order, dired, or appoint.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That all and Angular the Lands and Allotment? other Premifes which (hall be allotted under or by virtue of this Act (hall (immediately after fuch Allotments are made) be held by and be fubjed as the an dear to fuch and the fame Tenures, Cuftoms, Heriots, Rents and Services, as inclofed the feveral and refpedive Meffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Lands. Hereditaments, in refped whereof fuch allotted Lands (hall be made are

now fubjed to.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in Wills and this or the faid recited Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued, deemed, Settlements or adjudged, or taken to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any bea Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt, Rent or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affeding any of the Lands or Grounds- hereby or by the faid recited Ad intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or which (hall be exchanged

in purfuance of this Ad or any Part thereof refpedively ; but that the refpedive Perfons to whom the Lands or Hereditaments (hall be allotted or given in exchange by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad, (hall be, remain, and enure, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame (hall be afligned, allotted, or given in exchange as aforefaid, (hall from thenceforth (land and be feiled thereof, for fuch and the fame Ufes, Trufts, and Eftates, with the fame Powers, and fubjed to fuch and the fame Wills,

Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Rents, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the feveral Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof fuch Perfon was feifed or polfelfed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, or for which or in refped or in lieu whereof fuch Allotments and Exchanges (hall be made as aforefaid, would have been fubjed or liable to in cafe the fame had remained uninclofedor unexchanged, or this Ad had not been made.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Leafe and Leafes Lcafcs-at upon Rack Rent now fubfifting, touching or in any wife affeding any ^a^v^T:t' Part or Parts of the Lands or Hereditaments by virtue of this Ad to be divided, allotted, and inclofed as aforefaid, and all other Agreements for

any Term or Terms of Years therein at Rack Rent, (hall ceaie, determine, and be void, at luch Time or Times as the laid Commiflioners (hall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, order, dired, or appoint j the refpedive Reverftoners, Owners, or Proprietors of the Hereditaments and Premifes comprized in fuch refpedive Leafes or Agreements, making fuch Satisfadion to their Leflee or Lelfees, Tenant or Tenants, and at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Commiflioners fhall afeertain, dired, or appoint, as reasonable to be paid to fuch Leflee or Lelfees, Tenant or Tenants, on account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or lhall be conftrued to extend to avoid or affed any Agreement or Engager [Loc. & Per.2	16	M	merit

1426

Other Leafe-holders to enjoy the Al-

upon certain Conditions.

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 79.

ment already made between Landlord and Tenant in contemplation of art-Inclofure of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath* and Wade Grounds, or relating thereto; provided alfo that if there fhall be any Leafe of Land, Part of which fhall lie in any of the faid Manors, Townffiips, Hamlets, or

known Places of Thornley, Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley, Dutton and Rihchejler aforefaid, in the feveral Parifhes of Chipping,• Mitten and Rihchejler, and Part in other Parts of the faid feveral Pariihes of Chipping, Mitten and Rihchejler, or any of them, or in any adjoining Parifh, Manor, Townfhip, Hamlet or Place, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes upon Rack Rent now fubfifting may be vacated ; but where any Lands fhall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands fhall be under Leafe and wholly fituate in any adjoining Parifh, the Leafe of fuch lad-mentioned Land fhall not be vacated.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral LefTees or Tenants, who have under any Leafe (other than a Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent)* any Eftate or Edates in refpect of which any fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be made as aforefaid (except fuch as have only Right of Common upon the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wade Grounds,' fo to be allotted, whild the fame remains uninclofed, or at the Will and Pleafure of the Owner or Owners of the Reverfion and Inheritance of fuch Leafehold Edates) fhall during the Continuance of their refpe&ive Leafes, have, hold, and enjoy the feveral Parts and Shares of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wade Grounds, that fhall be allotted arid fet out for or in refped of fuch Edates, upon Condition only that fuch LefTee or LefTees, Tenant or Tenants do and fhall, within fuch Time and Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall order, appoint, or award, well and diffidently inclofe, ditch, and fence out the Shares of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wade Grounds, to be allotted to or in refped of fuch Edates; and alfo do and fhall within fuch Time or Times as lad aforefaid, pay his and their Part and Share, Parts and Shares, in proportion to their Leafehold Intereds therein refpe&ively, of all Cods, Charges, and Expences relating thereto, to be fettled by the faid Commit-Loners, and the Reverfioners fhall and they are hereby directed to pay, within fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiffioners fhall order, appoint, or award, the Refidue of fuch Charges and Expences for or in refped of fuch Edates in Leafe refpectively; and if any of the faid LefTees or Tenants fhall refufe or neglect well and fufficiently to enclofe, ditch,-and fence out their feveral Parts and Shares of the faid Commons, Moors,, Heath, and Wade Grounds to be allotted to their feveral and refpective Edates, or to pay their rcfpe&ive proportionable Parts and Shares of thef Charges and Expences aforefaid, within the Time or Times and in the Maxier to be by the laid Commiffioners ordered, appointed, or awarded* that then and from and after fuch Refufal or Neglect the faid Parts and Shares of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wade Grounds fhall go^ revert, and remain unto, and be in the immediate Podeffion of the Proprietors or Owners of the Reverfion of fuch Edates in Leafe, to which the fame fhall be refpe&ively allotted as aforefaid, according to their feveral Edates and Intereds therein refpe&ively, exonerated and abfolutely difcharged from fuch Leafe and Leafehold Intereds, which the faid Owners or Proprietors are hereby directed, ordered, and authorized to inclofe, ditch, and fence in the fame, and pay for the fame fuch Charges and Expences, and within fuch refpedive Time or Times, and in fuch Maimer as the faid Commiffioners fhall order, appoint or award.

XXXIV. And

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 79-.	1427

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That the Share and Shares of the Leafehold

faid Commons, Moors, Heath and Wafte Grounds fo to be allotted trt	g°

the faid Lcafeholders refpe&ively, for or in refpect of the faid Eftates in fIoners on Leafe (other than Leafes at Rack Rent as aforefaid) (hail neverthelefs from Expiration of and after the Determination of their Leafes refpe&ively, go, remain, and Eeafcs. revert to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be entitled to fuch Eftates in

refpeft whereof the fame (hall be allotted refpe&ively ; which Perfon or Perfons (hall feverally have and enjoy the fame Eftate, Right, Title,

Powers, and Interefts in fuch Share or Shares as he, (he, or they hath or have in and to the faid Eftates for or in refpedl whereof fuch Shares (hall be allotted refpettively, fubjeft neverthelefs as aforefaid.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral Allotments to be Allotments made by virtue of this Acl (hall be inclofed and fenced at the proper to be ^nce^‘. Cods and Charges of the refpeftive Perfons to whom the fame (hall be refpe&ively allotted, in fuch Manner and within fuch Time or Times refpe&ively as the faid Commiflioners (hall by their faid Award, or by any

other Writing previous to the Execution thereof, order, direS, or appoint; and that all fuch Fences (hall at all Times thereafter be maintained and repaired by and at the Expence of the Owners for the Time being of the Lands and Grounds to which they (hall be refpe&ively allotted or directed to belong.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the Exchan^ps faid Commiftioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, ma)'bc tnade*' or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid feveral Manors, Townlhips,

HAnlets, cr known Places of TkorrJey, Aighton, Bailey and' Chaigeley,

Dutton and Ribchejler aforefaid or any of them, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the fame Manors, Townlhips, Hamlets, or known Places or any of them, or within any adjoining Parilh, Manor, Town(hip, Hamlet or Place; provided that all fuch- Exchanges be afcertained, fpecified* and declared in the Award of the faid Commiftioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which (hall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners,

Proprietor cr Proprietors be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or fpecial, or by the Courtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees,

Feoffees for Charitable or other Ufes, Hulbands, Committees, or Attor-nies adfing for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchangeor Exchanges (hall be refpe&ively Infants,

Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who (hall be beyond the Seas or otherVriie difabled to a£t for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teflified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpeclively; and all and every fuch Exchange or Exchanges io to be made, (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent (teflified as aforefaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fo to be exchanged, (hall lie or be fituate.

XXXVII, Provided

1428	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	79.

Cofts of Ex- XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all the Cofts, *a?d b^the* barges, an<^ Expences attending the making of any Exchange or Par-PartieJ 1 C thion, (hall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the feveral Perfons making making the fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportion as fame.	the faid Commiflioners lhall by their faid Award order or direct.

Tor Paying XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That as well the Fees and Pay-the Expence^ tr.ents to the faid Commiflioners, as alfo the Charges and Expences inci-ex?cVin|and ^ent t0 anc^ attending the foliciting, obtaining, and pafiing of this Act, and shis Aft. of the furveying, planning, dividing and allotting the faid Tra&s or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, and Waite Lands and Grounds, and of preparing, making, and depofiting the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and of all other Plans, Maps, Surveys, Inftruraents, Papers, Writings, Extracts, Schedules, and Copies of the fame or any .of them refpeftively, directed by the faid Commiflioners to be prepared and made out, and all other Cofts, Charges and Expences whatfoever in any wife attending the Execution of this and the faid recited Aft, or any of the Powers, Authorities, Provifoes, or Declarations therein contained, lhall be borne and defrayed by the refpe&ive Perfons to whom Allotments of any Part cf the faid Tracts or Parcels of Common, Moor, Heath, or Wafte Grounds lhall be made, in proportion to the Value of their feveral and refpedtive Allotments, the fame to bb fettled and afeertained by the faid Commiflioners; and the refpe&ive Shares and Proportions thereof lhall be payable and paid to fuch Perfon and Perfons and at fuch Times as the faid Commif-fioners lhall by Writing under their Hands order and direct; but fubjedt to the Regulations, Proportions and Reftraint hereinafter mentioned, (that is to fay,) that all Cofts, Charges and Expences incurred up to the Time of pafling this A£t lhall be paid jointly; but that from and after that Time, (except the Fees to be paid to the faid Commiflioners and their Clerk, and the Expence of preparing, executing, and completing the Award,) feparate and diftinft Accounts lhall be kept of all Cofts, Charges and Expences in carrying the faid recited Ad and this A£t into execution ; and that the fame Colts, Charges and Expences, when fo afeertained, fliall be proportioned, borne, and defrayed feparately by the refpedive Perfons to whom Allotments lhall be made in Manner following, (that is to fay,) fo much and fuch Part thereof as relates to the faid Manor or Townlhip of Thornley and the Inclofure of the fame, by the Proprietors of Allotments within Thornley aforefaid ; fo much and fuch Part thereof as relates to the faid Manor or Townlhip of Aighton, Bailey and Chaigeley and the Inclofure of the fame, by the Proprietors of Allotments within Aighton^ Bailey and Chaigeley aforefaid, fo much and fuch Part thereof as relates to the faid Manor or Townlhip of Dutton and the Inclofure of the 1'aine, by the Proprietors of Allotments within Dutton aforefaid ; and fo much and fuch Part thereof as relates to the faid Manor or Townlhip of Ribchcjlcr and the Inclofure of the fame, by the Proprietors of Allotments within Ribchejler aforefaid; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhali reftife or negledt to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of fuch Charges and Expences within the Times and to, fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners lhall appoint, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners fhali caufe the fame to be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the laid recited Aft and in this A£t.

Perfons	XXXIX.	And	be	it	further	ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons fliall

Mon”y tf be ac*vance ^ Pay ^ Money in difeharge of the Fees or other Expences

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

m or about the applying for and obtaining this Aft, or carrying the fame into execution, fuch Perfon and Perfons (hall be repaid the fame with filtered: after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Monies which {hall be firft railed to defray the Expences of this Aft.

XL. And be it further enafted. That it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to fet out, aflign, and allot fo much and fuch convenient Part and Parts of the faid feveral Commons, Moors, Heath and Waite Grounds, in the faid feveral Manors and Townfhips, as in their Judgment {hall be fufficient to raife a competent Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and palling this Aft, and alt other incidental Charges and Expences whatfoever, for or by reafon of or preparatory to the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, and for carrying this and the faid recited Aft into complete. Execution, fo as a proportionate Part in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners, or as nearly fo as may be, {hall be fet out in each Manor or Townlhip for defraying fuch Part of the faid Charges and Expences as {hall be payable in refpeft of the Allotments within the fame ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments {hall be fold and difpofed of by public Auftion or otherwife in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, and the Purchafe Money {hall be applied for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XLI. Provided always, And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Money to be raifed by fuch Sale or Saks as aforefaid {hall nor be fufficient to pay and defray the Colts, Charges, and Expences aforefaid, the Deficiency {hall be made up by the feveral Perfons interefted in the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Waite Lands, and (fubjeft to the Refhaint and Rule for feparating and portioning the Coils and Expences hereinbefore mentioned) {hall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions and within fuch' Time and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhall direft, nominate, and appoint; or in cafe any Expences {hall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provifions of this Aft, which in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Perfon or Perfons, and not out of any Money to be' raifed for the feveral Purpofes of this Aft, then the fame {hall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions and by fuch Perfon and Perfons, and within fuch Time, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhall direft, nominate, or appoint; and in cafe any Perfon hereinbefore made fubjeft to the Payment of any Money towards fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforeiaid, lhall neglect or refufe to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof within the Time to be appointed as aforefaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the fame fnall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner direfted by the laid recited Aft.

XLII. Provided always, And be it further enafted, That the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, {hall pay their own Expences when they or any of them lhall attend the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft.

XLI IF. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who lhall be entitled to any Allotment to be made by virtue of this Aft, to fell, mortgage, demife, and difpofe of all his, "her, or their Ellate, Right, Title, and Intereft therein, at any Time before the Execution of the Award, and on a proper Conveyance, Surrender and Difpbfition thereof made, {hall be good, valid, and etkftual in the Law [_Lu. is” fir.]	16	N—O	anj

1429

pay the Expences of thi« Aft, to be repaid with Intereft.

Power to fell Land for defraying the Expences of this Aft.

Deficiency (if any) to be made good by the Pro* prietors.

Proprietors,

&c. to pay their own

Ex^ckccs,

Proprietors may fell their All otments before the Execution of the Award.

143°	4S°GEORGII III. Cap, 79.

and aifo that it fhail be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the laid Allotment, Divifion, and Inclofure, at any Time, not being lefs than Three Calendar Months before the Execution of the Award, to fell and difpofe of all fuch Eft ate, Right, Title, lntereft, and Property which he, fhe, or they fhail have in or to the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Wafle Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in re-fpe& thereof by virtue of this Aft, feparate from the Eftate in right of which he, fhe, or they fhail be fo entitled; and it fhail be lawful for the faid Commifiloners and they are hereby authorized and required to allot the fame to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpe&ively.

Commntion- aLIV. And be it further enabled, That once at leaft in each and every their^A^ Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from counts before the Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commifiioners fhail and they' are Two Juftices hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums Year1X1	^oney	fhern received and expended, or due to them for their own

Trouble or Expences, in the Execution of this and the faid recited A6t; and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fhail be by them laid before any Two or more of Iiis Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County Palatine of Lancajleh, to be by them examined and balanced ; and fuch Balance fhail be by fuch Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the CJerk to the faid Commifiioners, and no Charge or Item in fuch Account fhail be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unlefs the fame fhail have been duly allowed by fuch Juftices.

Mmerabii XLV. Provided always, And be it further enadbd, That nothing in fcrvcd to tht this Aft contained fhail be conftrued to defeat, leffen, or prejudice the Lords of the Right, Title or lntereft of the faid Edward Earl of Derby or any future Manors, with Lord of the faid Manor of Tbornley, or of the faid Thomas Weld or any work tb-°	future Lord or Lords of the faid feveral Manors of Aighton, Bailey and

font. *"	Cbaigeley, Dutton and Rikchcjlcr, to the Mines, Beds, Veins and Seams

of Coal, Cannel, Slack, Ironftone, Lead Ore, Manganefe, or other Mines or Minerals in or under the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, or Wafte Grounds within and Parcel of the fame Manors refpe&ivdy hereby intended to be inclofed, or to any Seignories or Royalties incident or belonging to the fame Manors refpe&ively; but that the Lord and Lords for the Time being of the fame Manors refpedively fhail and may continue to ufe, exercife and enjoy all fuch Rights, and the fame are hereby re-ferved to them the faid Edward Earl of Derby and the faid Thomas Weld and the future Lord or Lords of the faid feveral Manors iefpectively, with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority for them refpectiveiy from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines. Beds, Veins and Seams of Coal, Cannel, Slack, Ironftone, Ore, Lead, Manganefe, and other Mines and Minerals of what Nature or Kind foever, within and under the faid Wafle Lands hereby intended to be inclofed, together with all convenient and necellary Roads, Ways, and Paffages, and Liberty of laying, making and repairing Wag-gomvays and other Ways, in, over, and along the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of fearching for, winning and working the faid Min'es and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, Cannel, Slack, Ironltone, Ore, Lead, Manganefe, or other Produce thereof, and finking, digging and making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, Stand Yards, Air Pits, Drifts, Levels, Ways, and Watercourfes, and of creating and

ufm

H3I

4-S8 GEORGII III. Cap. 79,

afmg Fire or Steam Engines or other Engines, and of altering, changing, pulling down and carrying away the fame or any of the Materials thereof; and to have and ufe any Stone got in the Sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the faid Mines and Minerals fo referved as aforefaid for the Ufes and Purpofes of the faid Work, at his and their own free Will and Pleafure; and to do, employ, ufe, and exercife all fuch other Machines,-A£ts and Things, either now in ufe or hereafter to be invented, as may be neceflary and convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in as full, complete, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as he or they could or might have done in cafe this A& had not been made, he and they making and allowing to the feveral Owners or Occupiers of fuch Allotments refpectively a reafonable and adequate Recompence and Satisfaftion for all fuch Damages as fhall from Time to Time be done thereto, or to any Erections or Buildings that may at any Time of working or getting the faid Mines and Minerals, or exerciling the Privileges aforefaid, be erected or built thereupon by or in the Ufe Or Exercife of any fuch Right, Title, Intereft, Liberty, Power or Authority, in proportion to the Lofs thereby fuflained, according to the Rights and Interefts therein : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the Lord or Lords of any of the faid Manors for the Time being, his, her, or their Leffee or LeiTees, to enter into any Houfe or Building, or to break the Surface of the Soil within any Yard or Garden which may be eredted or made upon any Part or Parts of the fame Commons, Moors, Heath, or Waite Grounds, by virv tue of the Powers and Authorities hereby given.

XLVL And be it further enacted; That as foon as conveniently may be Award, after the faid Commiffioners fhall have finilhed and completed the faid intended Divifion and Allotment, they fhall and -are hereby authorized and required to fo?m and draw up or caufe to be formed and drawn up one general Award in Writing; which faid Award, together with the Maps Plans, and Surveys to be annexed thereto, lhall within Six Calender Months next after the Execution of the faid Award by the faid Commiflion* ersbe depofited with the Prothonotary of His Majefly’s Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine or Lancafar, to be by him kept among the Records of the faid Court, and the laid Prothonotary or his Deputy is hereby authorized and required to receive and depofit the fame upon receiving a Fee of Oner Guinea for fo doing ; to which all Perfons interefted in the laid Commons or Wafte Lands may at all feafonable Times have A.ccefs, paying One Shilling for each Time of inlpecting the fame.

XLVfL And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners fhall Ltupl-icate of at the Requeff, Colts and Charges of any Perfoii or Perfons, Bodies Po-	r°	^

hue, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Allotment or Allotments of the qnkti. Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, at any 'l ime before the depofiting of the faid General Award as aforefaid, make and execute a Copy or Copies of the laid General Award, and Surveys or Plans or any of them or any Part or Parts thereof refpectivdy, for the Ufe of any Pcrihn or Ptrfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, requeuing the fame ; and every fuch Copy lhall be admitted or allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

XLVfil. And be it further' ena&ed, That if any Perfcn or Perfons Allowing aa Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fhall think himfdf, her- th^oi-r Rif, or tllemfelv.s aggrieved by any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of

this

i4$2	48" GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

this Or the faid recited Ad (other than and except as to fitch Claims* Matters, and Tilings as are hereinbefore or by the faid recited Ad direded or authorized to be tried, fettled, or determined by the Verdid of a Jury or an Iffue at Law, or where any of the Claufes of the faid recited Ad: or of this Ad (hall exprefs that the fame (hall be by the Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiftioners final and conclufive) then and in every fiich Cafe he, flie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seflions o*. the Peace which (hall be held at Prejion in and for the faid County of ^an-caficr, within four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen; and the Juftices of the Peace in fuch Seflions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal: provided that Notice in Writing of every fuch Appeal fpecifying the Caufe of Complaint, be given to the faid Commifiioners, or the other Party imerelted in the Matter of any fuch Appeal, or their Agent or Agents for the Time being, One Calendar Month at lead before fuch Seflions, and the faid Juftices in their faid Seflions afiembled may, if they fee fufticient Caufe, refpite every fuch Appeal to' the then next General Quarter Seflions to be holden at Prejion aforefaid, in and for the faid County ; and the faid Juftices fhall make fuch Order touching the Matter of fuch Appeal, and award fuch Damages and Cofts as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant levy the Cofts and Damages which fhall be fo awarded by Diltrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the faid Juftices upon every fuch Appeal fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removeable by any Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into an/ of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjlcr, or elfewhere.

General	X LIX. Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs

Saving. and Succefibrs, and all other Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, their Heirs, Succefibrs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns (other than and except the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or other Compenfation fhall be made or provided by virtue of this Ad, in refped of the Intereft or Property for which fuch Allotment or Compenfation fhall be made, their Heirs, Succeflors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns refpedively, and except fuch other Rights and Interefts as the Intent and Purpofe of the In-clofure hereby authorized fhall abfolurely require to be barred, deflroyed, or extinguifhed by virtue of this Ad) all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, and Interefts, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the faid Commons, Moors, Heath, and Walle Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and incloled, before the pafiing of this Ad, pr could or might have been had or enjoyed if this Ad had not been made.

'qTis A£l L. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be printed by the - ma*; be given printer to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo print-

»n Evidence, e(j j]ian fcs admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s jnoft Excellent Majefty. 180$.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***********************************’*******************

Cap. 80.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parities of Bawdefwell and Ling, in the County of Norfolk.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling, in the County of Norfolk, divers Open Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds: And whereas Sir John Lcmbe, Baroner, is Lord of the feveral Manors of Bawdefwell lare Beales, and Fcxley with Bawdefwell and Ling, and in refped of his faid Manors is or claims to be entitled to the Soil of the Commons and Wade Grounds in the faid Parilhes of Bawdefwell and Ling: And whereas the faid Sir JolmLombe is alfo feifed of, or entitled to the perpetual Advowfon, Right of Patronage, and Prefentation of, in, and to the Redory and Pari 111 Church of Bawdefwell aforefaid, and the Reverend John Corbould, Clerk, is the preLnc Incumbent on the faid Redory: And whereas the faid Sir John Lombe is feifed of or entitled to the perpetual Advowfon, Right of Patronage, and Prefentation of, in, and to the Redory and Parifh Church of Ling aforefaid, and the Reverend Charles Jnfon, Clerk, is the prefent Incumbent on the faid Redory, and in fucli Capacity'Lord of the Manor of Ling Redory, and as Lord of fuch Manor claims to be entitled to the Soil of the Commons and \yafte Grounds in [hoc. & iVr.J	16	P	the



I

14-38	480GEORGII	III.	Cap. 80.

the Did Parifh of Ling: And whereas the faid Sir John Lombc, Thomas William Coke Efquirr, John Mar garfon, Henry Carrington Clerk, Thomas Smith, and feverai other Perfons refpedively, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Meffuages, Cottage1, Lands, Grounds, and Tenements within the laid Purilhes of Bawdefweli and Ling : And whereas an Ad was palled in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ail for confolidating in one- Ail certain Provifions ufually infer ted in Ails of Inclo-Jure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feverai Fails ufually required on the faffing of fitch Ails : And whereas the faid Open Fields and Half-,ear or Shack Linds, lie intermixed and dilperfed in fmali Parcels, and are inconveniently fi.tuated for the fcveial Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the faid Open Fields and Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds, or fome Parc thereof, are fuhjedto certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage and Common, or other Rights and Interefls, and in their prefent State and Condition yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the feverai Perfons interefted in the Premifes if the faid Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage and Common, and other Rights and Intercfts wereextinguilhed, and if the laid Lands and Grounds weie divided, and fpecific Parcs or Shares thereof allotted to the teVeral Perfons entitled to and interefted therein, accord ng to their refpec-tive Eftaies, Rights, and Inierefls; but as fuch Extingmlhment and Allotment cannoc be effected without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majtlly, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Co mini on ei* parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That William ap.-o.u.c .	Unihank,	of Heigham in the County of the City of Norwich, John Dugmore

of Swajfbam in the County of Norfolk, and Anthony AttbiV, of Eafl Dere-bam in the faid County cf Norfolk, Gentlemen, and their Succefibrs, to be eleded in Manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed Co mm i (Loners for dividing and allotting the faid Open Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands and Waflo-Grounds, and for carrying this Acl into Execution, fubje&tofuch Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regulations, Reitridions and Provifions contained in the laid recited Ad, as are not altered, varied, or otherwife provided for by this A£l; and that all Ad% Matters, and Things authorized or necef-lary td be done and executed by the faid Commiflioneis in purfuance of this Ad and ihe faid recited Ad, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame fhall be as valid and tffedual, and fhali have the fame Force and Effcd as if.fuch Ads, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the Co nun i (Loners' herein-btfore named or to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned.

Forap,writing	IL And be it further enaded, That if any of the Com miffioners herein*

Lncu.mniif" before named or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, fhall die or re-fu'e to ad, or fhall become incapable of ading as a Commiflioner or Com -nv.flionert in tl.eEx cution of this Ad and the faid recited Ad, before ail the Powers, Amhorit es, r.rd Tiufls thereby veiled in them fhall be fully executed arc peifcrir.ed, it fl ail end may be lawful for the remaining or rtrvivirg Comm flio ers or Comnvflioner, and they or he are and is hereby required, within Thirty Days next after 1 heir or his Knowledge of fuch Dea'h, Rcfufal, or Incapacity to ad, by Writing ureter their or his Hands or Ida nd, to appoint any other Pcrfon cr Perfons (not being inte-13	refted

r439

48* GE OIvGI I III. Cap. 80.

refted in the Pr<mifjs) to be a Commifiioner or Comm (boners for thePur-pofes cf this and the Lid recited Aft, in the Pl iCc and S ead of Rich Com-millioner or Comm flioners !o dying or reeling to ad, or becoming incapable of a&mgas a fort faid ; and every Pcrlon fo to be appointed a Com-miffioner as atoiead, (hall take and lubferibe the Oath or Affi motion prefnibed in the laid recited Ad, and (hall thereupon have fuen and the like Powers and Authorities in all refpeds f >t putting t: is and the faid re-(ited Ad into Execution, 2s if he had been named and appointed a Com-mimoner in and by this Act.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifiioners (ball, and Noticenf thev are hereby in quired to caufe Notice of the Tune and Place of their Mseun^sTl,er* Fisib and every other Meeting for the Execution of this and the faid recited Ad, to be inferted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or

in lome other Newfpaper printed or circulated within the faid Couruy of Norfolk, E.ght Days at Jealf before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepren); and if only one of the lai 1 Coinmiffioncrs (ball be prefent at the Time and Place appointed for any fuch Meeting, then and in luch Cale and fo of en as the fame (ball happen, it fh .11 be lawful for fuch Com r ilfioner to adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Time and Place within the (aid P^rilbes of Bawdcfwell and Ling, or either of them, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he (hall think mo(t convenient, giving Notice of fuch Adjournment to the abfent Commifiooners : Provided always, that all Meetings of the faid Commiilio urrs in the Execution of this and the faid r. cited Act, (ball be helu within Eight Miles of the faid Pa-riihes of B-zvdeJwell and Ling,

IV.	P ovided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all other No- Not tiers ncvcfTa y or reqisifite to be given by the laid C mn.iffioners in pur- g7ven.° * luance of the laid recited Aft or or this Ad, (ball be (o given by Adver-tuement to be ii Frtcd in the faid Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury

or in fomc other Newlpaper printed or circulated in the laid County of Norflk.

V. And whereas it may fhorten the Boundary Fences between the Forfliorter.iiig Lands hereby d.rcded to be uivided and inclofed, and theLmds in any Fences?^ adjoiningPaiifn orParifhcs, if the faid Commiffioners were empowered to

cau'e fuch Fences to be raif-d in fuch Diredion as ihey (hall deem mod pr-ptr and convenient fur llioiternng and making the fame regular; be it therefore fuither era&ed, That it (ball and may be lawful for the faid Commiliioner*, with the Confenc in Writing under the Hand or Hands of ti e Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors, and of the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parifh or Parilhes adjoining to the faid refpedive Parifnes of Baivdefwell and Ling, (fuch Value to be afcei tamed by the Rates or Aflcffmenis made for the Relief of the Poor «.f fuch Parifli orPatilhes refpedivtly) or under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners ot the Lands upon which fuchFcnce or Fences (ball or may be intended to be made, to fet cur, afeertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and the Lands lying in luch adjoining Parifh or Parifhes as they Avail judge proper for the Purpofes afqrelaid ; and after luch Bjup.-dary (ball he fo fet our, aicertaincd and deteimined, the Fine (ball be in-cloted and fenced by fuch Pcrfon orPcrlons, in fuch Manner and at fuch

Time

144°

Limitation Righc* of Coinmon.

Encroach-

Conunifliom

to fettle

Difp’-ues,

hot not to ri-teririni

48° GEORG'tl III. Cap.Sc.

Time or Times as the faid Commiflioners fhall direft, and (hall for eve r there Jttr be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the faid re-IpedUve Parifhes of Bawdtfw'ell and lanjfa and fuch adjoining Parifh or PariPnes; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwith-flanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That all Owners and Proprietors of Mef-fuages, Cottages or Dwelling Hpffies within the faid Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling, which have been ere&ed Thirty Years, in refpect of which a Right or Common upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds has been exercifed during that Time without any lawful Interruption, fhall, on their prcteriing their refpeclive Claims in the'Maiiner preferibed in that Behalf, have and be deemed to have a Right or Rights of Common over, or upon the fame, in refpedt of fuch Mefluages, Cottages or Dwelling Houfes j provided, that all fuch Mefluages, Cottages or Dwelling Houfes, which fhall have been eredled and built cn the Scite and in lieu of any ancient Mefiurges, Cottages, or Dwelling Houfes which may have been dilapidated or pulled down, although luch new ere&ed Meffuages, Cottages or Dwelling Houles fhall have been ere&ed and builc within Thirty Years laft paft, fhall be deemed to have fuch Right or Rights of Common over or upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, as fuch Meffuages, Cottages, or Dwelling Houfes, in lieu of which fuch new erected MefTuages, Cottages or Dwelling Houfes fhall have been ere&cd and built would have been entitled to if they had been dill ftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all Encroachments which at any Time within Twenty Years now laft palt have been made upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds (five and except fuch Parts thereof as have been inclofed by virtue of any Licence in Writing, or Confent or Grant from the Lords of the aforefaid Manors, and duly inrolled in the Court Books of the faid refpe&ive Manors) fhall be deemed Part thereof, and fhall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in cafe any Difpute or Difference lhall arife touching any fuch Encroachments or the Extent thereof, fuch Difpute or Difference fhall be determined by the faid Com-miffioners.

rs VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Difpute or Difference fnall arife between any of the Parties interefttd or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, touching or concerning the relpetftive Rights and Interefts which they, or any of them fhall claim to have in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Timber, Wood, Underwood, Bufhes, Thorns, Whins or Furze growing thereon, or concerning any Allowances claimed or to be claimed for ploughing, fowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grafs Seeds, manuring or improving the faid Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter- or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Allotments, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act. contained lhall authorize the faid Comniiffioners to determine the Title to any MefTuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements or Hcredi. laments whatfjever.	:.

IX. And

48° GEORGII III. Chp+S.o*	r44*

IX.	And be it further enafled, That in cafe tbe laid Commiflioners Comnv/noncr* fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob- £2i,* '3 jetfion or Objection*, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the

laid recited Adi, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, affefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the faid Commiflioners fhall be made, by the Peifon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Claim or Claims, Osje&ion or Objections, fhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled, or againft whom the faid Commiflioners fhall have determined asaforcfiidj and in cafe the Perfon or Perfo.ns, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who lhall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges, fhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in Inch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals diredled to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Pcrlbn or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels lhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That in cafe any Perfon ftr may or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interefted

or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotment, fhall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commiflioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of or for any Rights of Sheepwalk or Common, or other Commonable Rights or Interefts in, ever, upon or out or the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, or concerning any Objeflion or Objections made to fuch Claim cr Claims, then and in ever)’ fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate fo diffati: fied, to have the Matter of any fuch Ciaip* or Ob-r jection tried at Law, at the next or at the Second Affizes to be f.&ldtn for the faid County of Norfolk; and for that Purpofe the Peifon Or Perfons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegia e, who fhall be difTatrsfied with fuch Determination of the faid Commiflioners, fhall caufe an Action cr Actions to be brought againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhail have been made, in one of HisMajefty*s Courts of Record at WeftminJUr, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination fhall have been made* and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Actions lhall, and he, ihe, and they is, and are hereby re* quiied forthwith co name an Attorney or Attornirs, and to appear or file Common Bill, and accept one or more Declaration or Declarations, and plead or proceed to Iflue thereon, whereby fuch Claim oi Claims, Objection or Objections, and the Rights or Interefts thereby infifted upon may be tried and determined at the Firft or Second Affixes to be held tor the laid County of No-fJk next after the making of fuch Determination (fuch lffoe or IiTues to be let led by the proper Omcer of the Court in which the faid Action or Actions fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties lhall d;ffer Per J	16	about

H42

48° GEORGiI HI. Cap. So.

about the iarne); and the Vcrdiaor Verdifls which Hull be given in iuch Action or' Actions (hail be final, binding, and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegi-ate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Action!. H all be brought ill all fet afide fuch Verdict or Verdicts, and order a tew 1 rial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do as i; ufual in other * Cafes; and after fuch Verdict or Verdicts (hall be obtained and not fet afide'by the Court, the faid Ccmtniffioners (hall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials.

determination oi theCuE.-miflioners to be final, if no Action bt ought.

If Parties die, Proceedings not abate.

Cafes of Death of Parties before

Perfons in Poftcfiion rot to be moleited without due Courts of Law.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all fuch Determinations of the laid Commilfioners as Dial! have been fo made as aforefaid with refped co fuch Claims or Objections, and concerning which no fuch Action at Law fhall be brought cr commenced and proceeded in within the Time aforefaid, fhall be final, binding and conclufive upon all Perfons whomfoever * any Thing in the faid recited Ad or this Ad contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any of the Parties in any fuch Adion to be commenced by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad fhall die pending the fame, fuch Adion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further rnaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have been made, and againfl whom any fuch Adion or Adions might have been brought if living, ihall die before any fuch Adion or Adions Ihall have been brought, and before the Expiration cf the Time Lereia-before limited for bringing luch Adion cr Adions, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Adion or Adion* againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid a^ainfl^fuch Perfon or Perfons as ir aduaily living, and to ferve the Clerk i» the faid CommiiTioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Adion or Adions, in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living* and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Adion or Adions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons lb dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been aduaily living* and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Action or Actions.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enr.ded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend to enable the faid GoaimifTinners '(o determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the PofTdfioh of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within tf.e Period of Twenty Years, as herein-before mentioned * but in-cafe the laid Com-muTioners Dial! be of Opinion againit tire Right of the1 Perfon or Pe, ions

4S°GE0RGII HI. Cap. So.	*443

fo in Poflefiion, they (ball forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofiefiion (ball have been given up, or recovered from iuch Perfon or Per fens by Eje&ment or other due Cotnft of Lav/*

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to Com-r.if-and for the laid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and em-powered, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Juftices of the Peace Roa-isand for the faid County of Norfolk, acting in and for the Divifion in

which the Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths herem-after mentioned fhall be fituared, and not imerefted in the Repair of iuch Road or Roads,

Footpath or Footpaths, to flop up and to direct to be difeontinued any public Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds in the faid refpr&ive Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling, which to the laid CommilioncfS Ihill appear ufelefs'or unneceffary: Provided always, that fuch Order lo to be made lhall be lubject to an Appeal to the Quarter Seftions, in the like Manner and under (he fame Forms and Reftridlions as if the fame had been originally made by fuch Juftices as aforefiid : Provided alfo, that none of the Nneofthe prefent Roads or public Highways within the faid rcfpedlive Parifhes ro bt of Bawdefwell and Ling (hall be ihut up or difeontinued, until the feveral itopp-H until Roads intended to be and remain public Flighways within the fame Parifhes refpe&ively fhal! be fee out according to the Directions of the faid recited A£t, and until the fame (hall be properly formed and made [afe and convenient for Horles, Cattle and Carriages.

XVI.	And be it further enaChd, That the faid Commiflioners fhall Allotment*

aflign, fet our, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the	"s

faid Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling relpeCtively, and to their refpeCtive Sami and Succeffors for ever, fuch Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Grounds Giavcl hereby directed to be divided and allotted, not exceeding Three Acres

in either of the Paid Parilhes, as fhall in the Judgement of the faid Ccm-mifiioners be proper and fufficient as and for public Watering Places for Catile, and for public Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay and Chalk Pits, and the fame fhall be inclofed and fenced in fuch Manner as the faid Cornmif-fioners fhall direft; and fuch Allotment and Allotments when fet out fhall for ever thereafter be ufed by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Effaces within the faid Paiilhes refpec-tively, and their Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the Lords or Ladies of the Lid Manors herein-before mentioned, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of and within the faid Pa» iflies refpe&ively for the T.me being, or the major Part of them, Hull order, dired, and appoint, and not otherwife.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflioners fhall Allotments to and they arc hereby authorized and required in the next Place to fet out Minor* for and allot unto the Lords of the feveral Manors herein-before mentioned. Right ot Soil, and to the Lords or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors, or to fuch

of them as fhall in the Judgment of the laid Commiflioners be entitled to the Soil of the Commons and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling refpe&ivrly, fo much and fuch Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&cd to be divided and allotted, not exceeding in Value, in the Judgement of the faid CommifiLners, One-fix-teenth Part nor lefs than One-twentieth Part of the faid Commons and 3	Wafte

1444-

48“ GE0RG1I ID. fop.8'o.

WMle Grounds in the faid refpedive Parifhes, as the faid Commiflioners (hall determine and declare to be a Compenfation and full SatisL&ion of and for the Right of fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies refperiively, of, in, and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, according and in Proportion to his, her, or their leveral Parts, Shares, Rights, and Interefts therein.

Allotments XVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Commifiioners (hall Shee*Ta*k°f a^gn» fpt out, aod allot unto all and every Perfon or Perfons entitled e.prt'rf .	any Right or Rights of Sheepwalk, Foldcourfe, Shackagr and Feed

for Sheep in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided and allotted, or any Part or Parts thereof, fo much and fuch Parcels of the faid Lands and Grounds in rne faid rtfpedive Purilbes, as fhail in the judgement of the faid Commifiioners be equal in Value to and contain a full Recoinpence and Satisfaction for his, her, or their leveral and relpedlive R'ght or Rights of Sheepwalk,. Foldcourle, Shackage and Feed for Sheep in, over, and upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to tbe divided and allotted or any Part or Parts thereof.

Affntmcnt for XIX. And be it further enabled, That the faid Commifiioners fhail, Futlfor the and they are hereby required to aflign, fet out and alloc unto the Lord defweiL lW or Lady, Lords or Ladies for the Time being of the laid feveral Manors of Bawdefwell late Beales, and Fox ley with Bawdefwell, and to the Rec* tor. Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Bawdefwell for the Time being, as Trufrees for the poor Inhabitants of the fame Parifn for ever, fuch Part or Parts cf the Commons and Wafte Grounds in the faid Pirifh of Bawdefwell, for fupplying F lags, Turves or Turf, and Whins or Furze fur Fuel, as in the Judgment of the faid Commifiioners fhail be reafonable and proper for that Purpoie, and fuch Allotment or Allotments when fo fet out fhail be veiled in the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies of the Lid laft-mensioned Manors, and the Rt&or, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Bawdefwell for the Time being forever, upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes herein-alter mentioned •, and fuch Allotment or Allotments or any Part or Pa ts thereof (hall be inclofed, ditched and fenced in fuch Manner, and ploughed and fown with Whin or Furze Seeds, at fuch Time or Times as the fa d Commifiioners Ihall by Writing under their Hands or in and by their Award order and direft * and the Flags, Turves, or Turf, Whins or Furze coming, growing and ariling upon and from fuch Part of the faid Lands as Ihall be lo allotted for Fuel as aforefaid, ihall be cur, taken, and ufed by fuch poor Inhabitants legally fettled in the faid Parilh of Bawdejivell, in fuch Quantities, in luch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times irvtach and every Year, and under and fubject to fuch Orders Rules, and Regulations, as the faid Trufrers for the Time being* or the major Part of them, ihall from Time to Time dirt& and appoint and not otherwil’e.

Allotment for XX. And be it further ena&ed, Th.it the laid Commifiioners fhail P®o/vf Lin; anc* th<7 arc hereby required to aflign, fet our, and allot unto the Lords or Ladies for the '1 ime being of the faid rtfpe&ive Manors of Ling and Ling Re&ury, and to the ReClcr, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Puo: tf the laid Farifh of Ling for the Time being, as Trultces for the

Poor

i+45

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8©.

poor Inhabitants cf the fame Parifh for ever, fuch Part or Part? of the Commons and W.ftc Grounds to the faid Farilh of Lingy for fupplying Flaps,Turves cr Turf, and Whji.s or Furze for Fuel, as in the Judgment or the fml Commifficners fhall be reafonable and proper for that Purpofe ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments when fo fet out (hall be veiled in the Lords or Ladies of the laid laft-mentioned Manors, and the Redcr, Churchwardens, and Overleers of the Poor cf the faid Parifh of Ling for the Time being for ever, upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; and fuch Allotment or Allotments or any Part or Parts thereof fhall be inclofed, ditched and fenced in fych Manner, and ploughed and town with Whin or Furze Seeds, at fuch Time or Times as the faid Commiiboners fhall by Writing under their Hands or in and by their Award order and direct; and the Flags, Turves or Turf, Whins or Furze coming, growing, and arifing upon and from fuch Part of the laid Lands as fhall be fo allotted for Fuel as aforefaid, fhall be Cut, taken, and ufed by fuch poor Inhabitants legally feitled in the faid Parifh of Ling. in fuch Quantities, in fuch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times in each and every Year, and under and fubjed to fuch Orders, Rules, and Regulations as the faid Truflees for the Time being, or the major Part of them fhall from Time to Time dired and appoint, and not otherw le: Provided always, that it fhall be lawful fur the Lords or Lord«of Ladies of the faid fiveral Manors, and the Rectors of the Rectories of BawdejkotU and Ling aforefaid for the Time being rdpedively, to ad in ifrfyAfent tic Execut’on of ihe Truft hereby repo fed in them as,aforefaid, by his, orProxy; her, or their Agents or Proxies refpedively, fuch Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writirg under the rdpedive Hands of the Lords or Ladies of the Ltd Manors, and the Redors of the faid Parifhcs reflectively, and producing their Appointment or Appointments at the Time of rheir ading by virtue thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That after the faidfeveral Allotments Allotment of fhall have been made and let out in Manner herein-before direded, the theRefidue. faid Commiffioners fhall divide, fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the Open Fields, Half-year or Shack Lmds, Commons, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parilhes of Baivdtfwell and Ling refpedively, unto and amongft the feveral Owners

and Pioprtetprs the eof, and unto and amongfl all and every Perfon and Perfons, B.;dy 2nd Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Intercft in, to, over, or upon the fame or any Part thereof, in luth Shares and Proportions as the laid Commiffiontrs fhall adjudge and determine to be equal to the Value of, and a full Compenfation and Satisfaction to him, her, or them refpedively, for his, her, or their re-IpcCtive Parts and Shares of the faid Lands and Grounds, and his, her, or their relptdive Rights and Interefts therein, fave and except as to fuch Rights and Interefts for which Compeniation is herein-before pro-vided and dirtded to be made.

XXII.	And be it further enacied. That it fhall not be lawful for To prevent any Merlon or Perfons from and after the puffing of this Ad, to cut, be?IgficatC* dig, pare, grave, flav, or carry away any Turves, Tuif, Flags, Whins, or without Leave F'-ize in, upon, or from the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby miffionws."1" direded to be divided and allotted, or from any Purt thereof, without

the Licence and Conlent of the Lid Commiffioners Rift had and ob-[Lcc. Ea9 iV.J	.	16	R	tained

1446

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 80.

tained for that Purpofe (which Licence the (aid Commiflioners are hereby empowered to grant, under luch Regulations and Reftriftions as they (hall th nk proper to inferc therein)*, and if any Perfon or Perlcns (hall after the pafling of this Ad cut, dig, pare, grave, flay or carry away anyTurves* Tuf, Flags, Whins or Furze upon or from the faid Commons and Waftre Grounds or a y Part thereof, without fuch Licence as aforefaid, or having obtained luch Licence, (hall act contrary thereto, the faid Commiflioners, upon due Proof thereof made before them upon Oath, (hall and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals direfted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe- any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dilirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending in the Premiles, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall be fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale*, and the Money fo to be levied as aforeLid, fhail be applied towards Payment of the Cofts and Charges of obtaining and executing this A#;

Forextinguifh- XXIII. And be it further enafttd, That it (hall and may be lawful for in?or lutpend- the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Shlefwilkand Times before the Execution of their Award, by Notice in Writing under conmoti '»e- their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the rrfpeftive Parifh Churches fare theAward. Bawdefwell and Ling aforefaid, to order and direct all or anv Rights of Shecpwalk, Shackage or Common, or other Commonable Rights what-foever in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to be extinguilhed, or the Exer-cifethereof to be fufpended for, and during fuch Time or Times as (lull be exprefled in fuch Notice, and fuch Rights (hall be extinguilhed or the Exercife thereof (hall be fufpended accordingly; any Law,Uiage, orCuf-tom to the contrary notwithftanding.

courfeof	XXIV.	And	be	it	further	enaCted, That from and after the pafling of

Hufbandry. this Aft until the Execution of the faid Award, all the Open Fields, Half-year Lands, and Shack Linds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, (hall, during that Time, be fubjeft and liable to fuch Directions and Regulations as the faid Commiflioners (hall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the Churches of Bawdefaell and Ling refpeftively, appoint, as well with regard to the Hocking as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, fowing and laying down the fame with Grafs Seeds, and alio as to the cutting Thorns and Bufhts thereon; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Commiflioners to order and direft fuch Sum or Sums of Money in refpeft thereof, to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, cr by his, her, or their Tenants, to any other Perfon or Perfons in like Manner interefted therein, or his, her, or theirTenants, as they the faid Commiflioners (hall think reafonable ; and in cafe any Pe-fon or Perfons who (hall be direfted to pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, fhail negleCt or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in fuch Cafe it Ihal! and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ule and Benefit of tbfc Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft and the faid recited Aft can or may be raifed and levied.

XXV.	Provided

48° GEO RGII III. Cap. 80.	1447

XXV.	Provided always, and bestfurther enacted,Thutno Sheepor Lamb9

lhall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of thi> Ad, siietpaie whereon any new Fence fhall be raifcd, during the Space of Seven Years kept next after the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo n ' keeping the fame fh tll firlt at his, her, or their own Expence, m ke and maintain a Fence fufficicnc to guard the young Fences belonging to fuch A lotments from being hurt or damaged by fuch Sheep or L mbs (whether fuch young Fences be made, planted, or fet by the Owners or Occu-piersoffuch Allotments as aforefaid, or bv the Owners or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining ihereto); and in cafe any Perfon or Pcrfons lhall turn or keep any [Sheepor Lambs in any fu ii Allotment tr Allotments, without raifing up and keeping iuch Fences as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, when, where, and fo often as fuch Sheep or Lambs lhall be fo turned in or kept, and from Time to Time to take, drive away and impound the fame.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That all the Lands and Grounds Allotments to which lhall be allotted by virtue of this or the faid recited Act, to any Per- TenunTa^'tie fon or Perfons for, or in iefpe£t of any MelTuages, Cottages, Lands, or Lands in liru Grounds holden by Verge or Copy of Court Roll of any Manor or Ma-

nors, or for or in refpeft of any Leafehold Mefiuages, Lands, or Tenement, or for or in refpedt of any Rights of Sheepwalk, Common or Shack-age, or other Rights or Interefts appurtenanc or appendant to any fuch Copyhold or Leasehold Premifes, lhall, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leafchold, and final! be held as fuch, by and under the fame Tenure, and under fuch Rent,

Fines, Payments, Cuftoms and Services as the Copyhold or Leafehold MelTuages, Tenements, or Lands rcfpedlively, for, or in rrfpect wheieof fuch Allotments lhall be made are now held ; and that all and every Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold Lands and Premifes fhdli be allotted, (hail, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of fuch Manor or Manors (fave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifite to be ufed for the Copies of fuch Admiffions refpe&ively, and fuch reafonable Fees to the faid refpective Stewards of the faid Manors as the faid Commifiioners lhall in and by their Award order and dired to be paid on fuch Admiffions re-fpeclively); but in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Copyhold Lands and Premifes lhall be allotted as aforefaid, lhall not have been admitted to the Copyhold Lands and Tenements, in refped whereof fuch Allotment or Allotments lhall be made, within the faid Six Calendar Months, or lhall happen to die before fuch Time as he, lhe, or they lhall have been duly admitted to the Premifes allotted, then the cuftomary Fines and other Payments lhall be due and payable upon the Admiffion of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands fo allotted as laft aforefaid; and i after every fuch Frit Admiffion the Copyhold Premifes fo to be allotted as laft aforefaid, fhall at all Times afterwards be held under and fubject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Payments and Services as the Copyhold Lands dr Tenements in refpeft whereof fuch Lands and Premifes lhall be allotted are now held underand fubjeft to; and the faid Commiffioners lhall by their faid Award determine, deferibe, and abut the Lands and Grounds

refpe&ively

1448	48°	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 80.

refpe&ively which are ro be and remain Copyhold or Leafs hold *, and ad other Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue cf this or the Laid recited Act (except what lhall be fo afcertained by the laid Commiffioners to be Copyhold or Leafehold) fha'.l be from thenceforth deemed, taken and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds, lubjedt neverthelels to luch Free Rents, Payments and Services as are now payable out of, or for the re-Ipedive ivleffuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for, or in refpeft whereof the fame fliall or may be allotted as aforefaid.

In cafe any XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Pcr-hl!his Co'i- fun or Perfons (fave and except the laid refpeefive Rudors and their re-mon Right, fpefhVe SuccelTors in refped of the laid rel'pcdive Redories) hath or have to^lra^to or contraded or agreed to fell, or lhall at any l ime before the Execu-thc Purchaiti. tion of the faid Award fell, or contrad or agree to fell his, her, or their Righr, Interdl, and Property in, over or upon the laid Commons and Wafte Grounds, to any other P.rfon or Perfons, then, and in every fucb Cafe it lhall and may be lawful for the faid CommiiTioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaler in every fuch Sale, Contrad or Agreement, or to his, or her Heirs or AlTigns, for or in refped of fuel) Right, Intertfl, ai d Property fo fold, or concraded, or agreed to be fold as aforelaid ; anti eve;y fuch Vendee or Purchafcr, or his, or her Heirs or Afiigns, lhall .nd may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Lands fo to be allotted to him cr her as aforefaid, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpofts as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contrad, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in cafe fuch Sale. Contrad,or Agreement had not been made, or luch Righr, In-tereft, or Property had not been veiled in fuch Vendee at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforelaid.

For fencing XXVIII. And be it further enaded, 1 hat the Lands and Grounds Allotments. hereby direded to be divided and allotted (hall be incloltd, hedged, ditched and fenced by fuch Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate (fave and except the Lords of the faid Manors, and the laid Rtdors, Churchwardens and Over leers refp'-ctivelv, in refped of the Allotments to be made to them in Trull for the Poor as aforefaid, and alfo favc and except the Redors of the faid Parilhes of BawdejweU and Ling refpedively, for, or in refpect of any Allotment or Allotments which lhall be made to them in Right of their faid Rectories relpectively, and alfo fave and except the Surveyors of the Highways, for, or in rtfpecc of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them refpectively as aforefaid,) within fuch Time and in fuch Manner, and under and fubjerct to fuch Regulations and Re-ftrictions as the faid CommiiTioners (hall by Writing under their Hands, cr in and by their faid Award order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, and Fences which lhall be made purfuant thereto, lhall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair, and cleanfed by fuch Perfons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, as the laid CommilTioneis lhall by fuch Writing under their Hands or by their faid Award order and direct.

For leaving XXIX. Provided always. That convenient G^p> and Openings lhall be CaP3’	left	in the Fences and Inclofures to be made in purfuance of this Act, for

the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution ol the faid

5	Award

1449

4B0 GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

Award for the Paffige of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages in and through the fame, unlefs the fe-veral Parties intereftea lhali agree that the lame fhall be looncr fenced in, made up, and indoled.

XXX.	And be it further ens&ed, Th.: it. fhall and may be lawful to For allowing and for the laid Commilhoners to fet ou:, allot, and award any Lands, Te- £cch*J1tscs t0 nements or Hereditaments whatloever within the fa id Parilhes of Bawdef-well and Ling, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the laid Parilhes or within any adjoining Parifn, Hamlet, Townlhip or Place; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpedtied, and declared in the Award of the laid Comm .flioners, and be made with the Conl'enc of the Owner or Owner",

Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or H< reditaments which (hall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owner-, Proprietor or Proprietors, (hall be a Body or Bodies Poli.ic, C rpor.te or C 'ileg:ate.

Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or l'ena ns in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the C mriefv of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Conf nt of the Guardian^, Trufiees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands,

Committees or Attornies of, or acting f r any fuch Proprietors or Ovners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Ex hanges Hull be refpeetiveiy Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics or u icier any nher legal Difability, or who fliall be beyond the Seas or otherwife be ilif bled to act for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, luth Confent to be tcHified in Writing under the Common Seal of the B.dy Polidc, Corporate or Col-! giate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpeetiveiy; and all and every fuch Exchange or Exchanges fo nisde, fliall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents andPurpofes whatfo*. ver: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Clnpel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent, tetfified as afbrefiid, of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe and the Patron of the Living in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (h I. lie or be fituate: Provided all’o, that all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges and Partitions lhail be paid and borne by the fever.d Perfons making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in luch M inner and in fuch Proportions as the laid Ccmmiffioners (hall by their laid Award order and direcr.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Tenant and Occupier Temrvsto under any Leaic or Agreement for sny Term of Years at Rack or extended *iIVC ‘*p ex* Rent now lubfiffing of any Open Fields, Half-year or Shack lands which LMdJjmin lhail be allotted by virtue of this Acr, or of any old inclofcd Lands which talisf etton lhail be exchanged by virtue ofthisAdt, lhail, immediately after the figning Lhe‘w’ior' of the Award of the laid Commiflloners, or within fuch further Time, not exceeding One Year from the %ning of the faid Award, as the Lid Commiffioners lhaii appoint, and whmof Notice in Writing flaalf be given for that Purpofe, deliver up the full and peaceable Poffcmon of fuch allotted or exchanged Lands to che Perfon nr Perfons to, or with whom the lame (hall be relpcctively allotted or exchanged; but the Tenants <r Occupiers of fuch allotted or exchanged Lands lhail receive from th? Yel'pec- “ live Owners and Proprietors thereof fuch Satisfaction as the Lid Cbmmif-fioners fliall afeertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to fuch Tenants refpeetiveiy, as an Equivalent for the Lois or Luff;s they fliall refpectivelv [Loc. &? Per.'}	16	$	'	fuftain

1450

48° GEO RG11 III. Cap. 80.

fuftain thereby, and if the Money fo to be afcertained as aforelaid, fhail not be pa.d to the Perfon or Perfons entided to receive the fame within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby required to ra fe and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges and Ex-pences of obtaining and executing this Adi can or may be r2ifed and levied: Provided always, that if there lhail be any Leafe of Lands, Part of which (hall lie in the faid Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling* and Fart in any adjoining Manor or Parilh, all and every futh Leafe or Leaks upon Rack Rent now fubfifting, may be vacated ; but where any Lands fhail be taken in exchange, which Lands (hall be under Leafe and wholly fituate in an adjoining Manor or Parilh, the Leafe of luch laft-mentioned Lands dial] not be vacated.

^'"/uicJi'cnt* XXXII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Leafe and of(^nimon.tj Leafes at Rack or extended Rent now fubfifting of any Mdfuigrs, Lands or Tenements within the faid Parilhes of Bawdefwell and Ling or either of them, fhail, as far as luch Leale or Leafes affed or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any Part of the faid Commons or Watte Grounds, in refpect of any fuch Mefluages, Lands or Tenements cam-prized in fuch L/aie or Leafes, be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to fuch Allotment and Allotments •, and :iich Allotment and Allotments (hall be made and aligned unto the Landloid or Landlords, and not to the Tenant or Tenants, Lt-flee or Lefiees •, and luch Allotment and Allotments (hall be freed and difenarged from all Righc and Intereft which may or otherwise- might be claimed in or to the lame by virtue of luch Leafe or Leafes; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom, the Mefluages, Lands or Tenements compr zed in fuch Leafe or Leafes fhail belong, as Landlord or Landlords, (hall make fuch Compenfacion to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame, under fuch Lea e or Lrafes as the faid Commifiioners (hall by Writing under their Hands dneCt, for the Right of Common, or any other Rights or Interelts in, over, or upon the laid Commons or Wafte Lands, or any Part thereof append:nt or appurtenant to fuch Mefluages, Lands, cr Tenements, and which lhail be extinguished by this Act; and it any Perfon or Perfons (hall refule or neglect to make any fuch Compensation to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, then and in fuch Cafe it (lull and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raife and levy the lame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act or any Part thereof can or may be railed and levied*

Wilis and XXXIII, Provided always, and be it further enadted. That nothing in no't to^bc af ^is contained Ihali extend or be conllrued to extend to revoke, fefted. * make void, alter or annul any Will, Settlement or Surrender, or to p:r-judice any Perfon or Perfons having any Eihvte, Right, Or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent or Incumbrance ouc of, upon or affecting any of the Mefluages, Lands or Tenements to be divided, allowed or exchanged by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad, or any Part or Parts thereof refptdively (uthcr than fuch Leafes or Agreements at Ratk or extended Rents as arc herein-before mentioned and declared to be

void);

145*

48'GEOR.GII III. Cap. 80.

void); but that each and every Owner or Proprietor fhall ftand and be feifed of the Lands and Tenements to be allotted or given in exchange to birr., her, or them as aforefaid, to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, and lor fuch and the fame Eflares, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Wills, Deeds, Surrenders, Limitations, Remainders, Powers and Pro-vifoes, Charges, Debts and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Lar-ds or Tenements whereof fuch Owners and Proprietors were refpeccively feifed or pofietTed at or immediately before the Executi n of the faid Award, or for which, or for or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be mad*-, would have been fubjeft to, charged with or ..ffefted by in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That within the Time which is by the faid recited Aft limited for the Inrolment of the Award thereby directed to be made by the faid Commiffioners, a true Copy of the faid Award, written upon Parchment, and figned and atttfted by the faid CommifTioners to be a true Copy thereof, (hall be delivered to the Cle»k of the Peace for the faid County of Norfolk, who is hereby requ:red to depofic and keep the lame among the Records of the faid County, fo that Recoutfe may be had' thereto by any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the Premifts, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Two Guineas fhall be paid, and for the Infpeftion and Pcrufal whereof the Sum cf One Shilling end no more fhall be paid ; and the faid Award fhall, from and after the Delivery of fuch Copy thereof, fo figned and attefted as afore-iaid, to the faid Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inrolled according to the Direftions and within the Meaning of the faid recited Aft; and the faid Award, and the faid Copy thereof, or any other Copy thereof, or of any Parc thereof, attefted by the faid Commiffioners, or by the fa-d Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (for which Copy no more fhall be paid than Four-pence per Sheer, each Sheet containing Seventy two Words) fhall from Time to Time and at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever; and the original Award, with a Map or Plan or Maps or Plans of the faid refprftive P.irifh s of Bawlefwell and Ling thereto annexed, (hall be delivered to the faid Sir John Lmhe, or the Lord or Lady for the l ime being of the faid Manors of BamdefweU late Beales, and Foxley with Bawdeftvell and Ling,

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That all Cells and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and palling this Aft, and of furveying, measuring, planning, and valuing the MefTuagcs, Lands, and Tenements within the laid Panlhes of Bawdefwell ana Ling refpedtiveiy, and of dividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby or by the faid recited Aft authorized or directed to be divided and allotted,and of inclcfinc* and fencing the laid Allotments herein-before direfted or authorized to be made to the Lords of the faid leveral Manors, and to the faid Rectors, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Ltd refpeftive Parifbes of Bawdefwsll and Ling, in Truft for the Poor of the fame Parifhes reipcct.vcly, and of mclofing and fencing the All tments herein-befure direfted fo be fet out as public Watering Places, and for Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, and Chalk Pits, and of forming and making the public Roads and Ways which fhall be let out and appointed to be firft formed and made in purfuance of the laid recited Aft, and of inclof-

i tig

For inrolling . anddepofiting the Award,

Fcr defraying the Expcnces of ohta.nng and executing till s Act.

*45*

Proprietors and Agents pay th ird Expences.

Directions charging Copyhold Lands with Expeace*.

4&°GE0RGII III. Cap. 80.

ing and fencing or. the Outfide thereof the Allotments to he made to the Re ft or s of the faid refpeftive Parifbes, for and in ielpfft or their faid levcrai Rt claries, and of preparing and inrohing th Awatd of the faid Commiflioners \ and the Copy thereof, an : all tr.e Charges and Expences of the laid Commiflioners, and their Afliftants and Servants, and all other necdLry Charges and Expences of the feveral Perfons employed by them in and about the Premiles either before or after the Execution of the faid Award, and all other Expences of carrying this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, (hall be borne and paid by the feveral Per-fon and Per Ions, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegute, to whom any Allotment or Allotments (hall be made by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and at fuch Time or Times either before Or after the Execution of the laid Award, and at fuch Place, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Coni* miffioners (hall in and by their Award order, direft and appoint (fave and except the Lords of the faid Manors, and the faid Rtftors, Churchwardens and Overfeers refpeftively, in refptft of the Allotments to be made to them in Trufl for the Poor as aforefaid ; and alfo lave and except the faid Rtftors of the faid Pari Hus of Bawde/well and Ling refpec-lively, for or in rcfpecl of any Allotment or Allotments which ihail be made to them in right of their faid Rectories rel'pectively; and alfo fave and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the (aid Parifhes of Bawdejwell and Ling refpectively for the Time being, for or in refpect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby direfted to be made to them as aforefaid; and alfo fave and except fuch Per on or Perfons whofe real Property lha!! not in the Judgements of the Lid CommifTioners exceed the Annual Value of Five Pounds, or whofe perfonai Property (hail not in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds at the Time of making and executing the faid Award); and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, (hall refufe or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, within the Time and at the Place, and to Inch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhall in Manner aforefaid direct or appoint, then and in fuch Cale the laid Commiflioners (hall caufe the fame to be levied and recovered in the to Minner directed by the faid recired Act: Provided always, that the faid m Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, (hail pay their own Expences, when they or any of them (hall attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be held for the Execution of the laid recited Act or of this Acc.

fcr XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further cnafted. That when and fo often as it (hall be i ec-efiary to charge any Lands or Tenements which (hall be allotted by virtue of this Act or of the faid recited Act, and which fhall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and palling this Acr, snd of executing this and the laid recited Act, then and in fuch Cafe the laid Copy-hold Lands and Tenements (hall be iurrendered to theUfc-of the Pcnon or Perfons who (hall advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of M >ney, and his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, according to the Cufta/n of the Manor or Manors whereof the lame (hall beholden, by way of Mortgage for Teeming fuch Sum or Sums of Money and filtered for the

v fame.

HS^

48° GEORG II III. Cap.So.

fame, inftead of being mortgaged and demifed to loch Peifon or Perrons an<t his, her, or th.-ir Executors, Admimilratots and Affigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned and prtLribed in and by the 1-id recited Act.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, fhall not be fubjeft or liable to the Payment of Tythes of any Kind whatfoeve', either Great or Small, or any Cotn-pofuton or Satisfaction in lieu of Tythes, to the laid Reftors or cither of them, or their or either of their Succeflbrs or Succeffor tor the Time being, for and during the Term of Three Years next after fuch Allotment (hall have been made and affigned by the faid Commilftoneis for or in refpeft of fuch Allutmtnt or Allotments.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That once at lead in every Year, during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the pairing th=reofj the faid Commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Account or Statement of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of the faid recited Act and this Aft; and fuch Account or Statement when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, ihall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace afting in and for the faid County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance ihall be by fuch Juftice or Juftices ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk, to the faid Commif-fioners ■, and no Charge or Item in fuch Account or Statement Ihall be binding upon the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices.

XXXIX And be it further enafted. That if any of the Proprietors or Perfons interefted in the Lands and Grounds hereby dirtfted to be divided and allotted, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Ihall advance and pay any Money in thfeharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, the Money fo paid and advanced Ihall be repaid and fatisfied by the Direftion of the laid Commiffioners, together with Jawful Intereft for the fame.

XL. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ihall think himfclf, her-felf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted to be done by the faid Commiffioners in purluance of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, or by any Rule, Order or Determination made by the faid Com-imffioners previous to the Execution of the laid Award (other than and except as to fuch Claims, Matters, and Things which are hertin-before direfted or authorizrd to be afeertained, fettled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where, by any of the Provisoes or Claufes of the faid recited Act or of this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts or Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners are declared and directed to be final and conclufive) then and in every fuch Cafe he, fhc, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which (hall be holdeu for the faid County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after [Lee. y Per.]	16 T	the

Lands not to

be fubjet t to Tythes for Three Ycais*

Com mi f-

Money advanced by Proprietors to be repaid witk

Perfon* aggrieved maf appeal to the Quarter Scf-fcuns.

■*?454

Central Sav inj,

Ail to be printed by King’s ffintfr.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.SO.

the Caufe of Complaint lhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commit fioners and to the Party or Patties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Caule and Matter thereof; and the Juftices (not interefted in the Premiles) in their faid General Quarter Seflions are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order and award luchCofts and Damages as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem rea-fonable, and by their Order cr Warrant to levy the Damages, Colt', and Charges which lhall be fo awarded, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuchGoods and Chattels, after deducting the real'onable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrcfs and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juftices fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmnjler or ellewhere; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without fufficient Foundation, then the faid Juftices may award fuch Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to the faid Juftices in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XI,I. Saving always to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic Corporate and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Suc-ceffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, and Intereft (other than and except fuch as are meant and intended to be barred, aeftroyed or extinguilhed by virtue of this Aft) as they and every of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft lhall he printed by the Printer to the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

a

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap , 81.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Scotter, in the County of Lincoln.	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifh and Lord (hip of Scotter, in the County of Lincoln, and the Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places of Scottertborpe and Supworth, in the Parifh of Scotter aforefaid, certain Open and Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, Paflures, and other Commonable Lands and Waite Grounds, containing by Eflimation Four thoufand five hundred Acres, or thereabouts : and whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Peterborough are, in their Corporate Capacity, Lords of the Manor of Scatter, and Francis Edward Morley, Efquire, is Leffee thereof, by virtue of a Leafe for a certain Term of Years granted to him of the fame by the faid Dean and Chapter: And whereas the Right Reverend Spencer Lord Bifhop of Peterborough, in Right of his Epifcopal See, is Patron of the Redory and Parifh Church of Scotter aforefaid ; and Henry John Wollajlon Clerk, Matter of Arts, is Redor of the faid Redory and Parifh Church, and in Right thereof is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes arifing within the faid Parifh of Scotter, (except the Great and Small Tythes arifing from a certain Piece of Land called The Short and Long Intake, containing by Eflimation about Fifty Acres, lying within a certain Parcel of Meadow or Pafture Ground called The South Ings, in the faid Parifh of Scotter, but within the Redory of the Parifh and Parifh Church of ScottonJ and the faid Henry 'John Wollajlon is like-wife entitled to a Redory Houfe, Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common in Scotter aforefaid : And whereas Sir John Frederick, Baronet, is Patron of the Redory and Parifh Church of Scotton aforefaid, and Broxholm Brown, Clerk, is Redor of the faid Redory and Parifh Church, and in [ Loc. & Per.']	16 U	Right

1458	48°	GE0RG1I	III. Cap. 81.

Right thereof is entitled to all Great and Small Tythes arifing from the aforefaid Piece , of Land called The Short and Long Intake: Aqd whereas the faid Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, and Francis Edward Morley, and alfo Henry Revel Reynolds, DoCtor of Phyfic, William Hutton, Efquire, Thomas Hilly George Morley, Thomas Peacock, Gentlemen, and feveral other Perfons, are refpectively Owners and Proprietors of divers Meffuages, Cottages, Tofts, Toftfteads, Lands, and Tenements,, and are refpeCtively entitled to Gates, Rights of Common, and other lnterefts in and upon the faid Moors, Meadows, Paftures, and other Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds, and are alfo Owners and Proprietors of all the Refidue of the Open and Common Fields, ancient lnclofures, and Meadows, within the faid Parilh and Lordlhip, Townlhips, Hamlets, or Places, in different Proportions : And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the refpcCtive Proprietors in the faid Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, Paftures, and other Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds, lie very much intermixed, and difperfed in fmall Parcels, and are very inconveniently fituated for the Occupation thereof, and in their prefent State are incapable of much Improvement ; and it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all Perfons interefted therein if the fame were divided and enclofed, and fpecific Parts thereof allotted to the feveral Perfons interefted therein according to their refpec-tive Properties, Rights of Common, and other Interefts, and if Satisfaction were to be made for all the Tythes thereof in Manner hereinafter mentioned : But, as fuch Purpofes cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enaCted ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled. Appoint- and by the Authority of the fame. That John Cragg, of Threckingham in n?fi'ioners°m" t^ie C°unty of Lincoln, and John Burcham, of Coningjby, in the laid County, Gentlemen, and their Succeffors, to be eleCted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for dividing, allotting, draining, inclofing and improving all the faid Open and Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, Paftures, and other Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parilh and Lordlhip of Scotter, and within the faid Townlhips, Hamlets, or Places of Scottertborpe and Suf-worth, in the faid Parilh of Scotter, purfuant to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions contained in this ACt, and to fuch of the Powers and Pro-vifions contained in an ACt, parted in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, 4 An ACl for confolidating in One ACt cer-‘ tain Provifions ulually inferred in ACts of Inclofure, and for facilitating 4 the Mode of proving the feveral FaCts ufually required on the parting of ‘ fuch Acts,’ as are not hereby varied or altered.

Appoint-	-And	be it further enaCted, That if the faid John Burcham fhall die

merit of new or refufe to qualify himfelf in Manner by the faid recited ACt directed, or Comrrifiion- become incapable of aCting, then and in fuch Cafe the furviving or remain-er8,	ing Commilfioner ftiall within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death,

Refufal, or Incapacity of the faid John Burcham to aCt, (hail be made known to him, give Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Henry John Wollajlon and his Succeffors ReCtors as aforefaid, to be left at his or their ufual Place of Abode, who ftiall, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, nominate and appoint one other Person, not interefted in the faid intended Inclofure, to be a Commifiioner in the

room

1459

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 81.

room and ftead of the faid John Burcham, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiffioner fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall die or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting as aforefaid ; and that in cafe the faid John Cragg ffiall die or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting in the due execution of this Aft, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Lefiee or Leflees for the Time being, and alfo to and for the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifli and Lordlhip of Scotter, and within the faid Townfliips, Hamlets or Places of Scotterthorpe and Sufworth, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or the major Part of them in Value (except the faid Reftor and his Succelfors) from Time to Time at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Death,,Refufal, or Incapacity as aforefaid fliall happen (Fourteen Days Notice being firft given of fuch Meeting by the furviving or remaining Commiflioner before the fame fliall be held, by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parifli Church of Scotter aforefaid, and alfo by Advertifement to be inferted in fome News-paper circulating in the faid County of Lincoln, and alfo left with the known Agent of the faid Dean and Chapter at Peterborough by any Writing under their Hands, to eleft and appoint one other Perfon, not interefled in the faid intended Inclofure, to be a Commiffioner in the room and ftead of the faid John Craggy and fo from Time to Time as often as any Commiffioner fo to be appointed as aforefaid, fliall die or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting as aforefaid ; and every fuch new Commiffioner or Commiffioners, to be appointed in Manner aforefaid, fliall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the faid recited Aft into execution as if he had been originally appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Aft ; but in cafe the faid Henry John Wollafton and his Succelfors, Reftors as aforefaid, or the faid Dean and Chapter, and theirLeffee or Lelfees for theTime being, and the faid feveral Proprietors who are hereby refpedlively authorized to appoint a Commiffioner or Commiffioners as aforefaid refpeftively, fnall not eleft and appoint a new Coin-miffioner to fupply fuch Vacancy within the Time and in the Manner aforefaid, it {hail be lawful for the furviving or remaining Commiffioner, and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Times hereby allowed to the faid Parties refpeftively for appointing a new Commiffioner by Writing under his Hand, to eleft and choofe a proper Perfon (not interefted in the Premifes) to be a Commiffioner in the place or ftead of fuch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing, neglecting, or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time as often as the like Cafe fliall happen; and every fuch Commiffioner fo appointed fliall have the like Powers and Authorities as aforefaid, and the furviving or remaining Commiffioner fliall give Notice of every fuch Appointment by him in Writing under his Hand, to be affixed on the principal outerDoor of the faid Church of Scotter; all which faid feveral Writings appointing fuch new Commiffioner or Commiffioners, (hall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award directed to be made by the faid Commiffioners.

Ill- And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners fliall and Commilfion-they are hereby required, before they proceed in the execution of this ***}? njme or the faid recited Aft, by Writing under their Hands, to name and befor^y appoint fome one proper Perfon, not intereded in the faid intended Divi- begin to aa. lion and Inclofure, to aft as a Third Commiffioner ot Umpire between

them

j46o	48"	GEORGII	HI.	Cap.	81.

To appoint a frelh Umpire

Death,0

them if Occafion fhall require; and if the faid Commiflioners hereby appointed or their Succeffors, fhall differ or difagree in Opinion touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things to be by them done and performed in purfuance of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, then and in every fuch Cafe they the faid Two Cotnmiffioners fhall and are hereby required to refer the Matter thereof to fuch Third Perfon fo to be named and appointed as aforefaid ; and the Judgment and Determination of the faid Third Commiffioner or Umpire therein, fhall be deemed and con-fidered to be the Judgment and Determination of the faid Commiflioners hereby nominated and appointed, or to be appointed in Manner aforefaid ; and in cafe the faid Third Commiffioner or Umpire fhall die, refufe, or negleft to aft, or become incapable of afting as fuch Third Commiffioner or Umpire, it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners for the Time being, by Writing under their Hands, at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, to appoint another proper Perfon (not interefled in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure) in the place and dead of the faid Third Commiffioner or Umpire; and in cafe and when and as often as a Vacancy fhall afterwards happen by the Death, Refufal, or Difability of the Third Commiffioner or Umpire, fuch Vacancy fhall be fupplied from Time to l ime by the faid Commiflioners in the Manner aforefaid ; and fuch Third Commiflioner or Umpire, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall have the like Powers and Authorities to aft in determining the Point or Matter of any Disagreement or Difagreements in Opinion of the faid Commiflioners as if he had been hereby and herein named and appointed Third Commiflioner or Umpire; all which faid feveral Writings appointing fuch Third Commiflioner or Umpire fhall be annexed to and inrolled with the faid Award.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon fhall be capable of afting as a Third Commiflioner or Umpire in the execution of this or the laid recited Aft, until he fhall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath or Affirmation following, that is to fay,

‘ I A. B. do fwear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do fo"

1 lemnlv affirm] that I will faithfully, impartially, and honeflly, accord-‘ ing to the belt cf my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the fevera^ 4 Trulls, Powers, and Authorities, veiled and repofed in me as Third 4 Commiflioner or Umpire, by virtue of an Aft for incloflng Lands in the ‘ Parifh of Scoffer in the County of Lincoln, according to Iiquitv and 4 good Confcience, and without Favour or Affeftion, Prejudice or Partia-4 lity, to any Pei foil or Perfons whomfoever.

4 So help me GOD.* Which Oath or Affirmation it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or either of them, to adminifter to the faid Third Commiflioner or Umpire ; and the faid Oath or Affirmation fo taken and fubfcribed by fuch Third Commiflioner or Umpire, fhall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the laid Commiflioners, and a Copy of the Inrollment thereof fhall be admitted as legal Evidence.

Appoint- V. And be it further enafted. That Jofeph Tbackray, of Gainjborougb, in rri.nt o Twj tke County of Lincoln, and Chrijlopher Epwortb, of Great Grimjhy in the faid Surveyor-. County, Land Surveyors, fhall be and are hereby appointed Surveyors for executing the feveral Powers and Authorities vtfled in them by virtue of

this

1461

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. Sr.

-(his Aft arid the fa id recited Aft: and in cafe the faid Jofepb Thackray {ball die or refufe to qualify himfelf in Manner by the faid recited Act directed, or become incapable of afting, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners {halt within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death,

Refufal, or Disability of the faid "Jofeph Thackray {hall be made known to them, give Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Leffee or Leffees for the Time being, by leaving the fame with the known Agent of the faid Dean and Chapter at Peterborough^ and at the ofual Place of Abode of their faid Leffee, who (hall within One Calendar Month next after fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, nominate and appoint one other Perfon, not interefted in the faid intended Inclofure, to be a Surveyor in the room and ltead of the faid Jofeph Thackray, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Surveyor, fo to be appointed as aforefaid,

{hall die or refufe fo aft, or become incapable of afting as aforefaid ; and that in cafe the faid Ghriftopher Epworth {hall die or refufe to aft, or become incapable of afting in the due execution of this Aft, then and in l’uch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid feveral other Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh and Lordffiip of Scatter, and within the Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places of Scotterthorpe and Sujkaorth, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or the major Part of them in Value, from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Death,

Refufal, or Incapacity as aforefaid {hall happen. Fourteen Days Notice being firft given of fuch Meeting by the faid Commiffioners before the fame {ball be held, by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door ©f the Parilh Church of Scatter aforefaid, and alfo by Advertifement to be inferred in fotne News-paper circulating in the faid County of Lincoln bv any Writing under their Hands to eleft and appoint one other Perfon, not intereffed in the faid intended Inclofure, to be a Surveyor in the room and’

Read of the faid Christopher Epzcorth, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Surveyor fo To be appointed as aforefaid fhall die or refufe to aft or become incapable of afting as aforefaid; and every fuch new Surveyor or Surveyors, to be appointed in Manner aforefaid, (hall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the faid recited Aft into execution as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor in and by this Act; but in cafe the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Leffee or Leffees for the Time being, and the faid feveral other Proprietors who are hereby reip.ectively authorized to appoint a Surveyor, (hall not eleft and appoint a new Surveyor to fupply fuch Vacancy aforelaid, it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, within Fourteen Davs after the Expiration of the feveral Times hereby allowed 10 the laid Parties refpectively tor appointing a new Surveyor, to eleft and choofe a proper .Perfon (not interested in the Premiies) to be a Surveyor in the place or Read of luch Surveyor fo dying, refuting, neglefting, or becoming incapable to aft as aforefaid, and fo from 'lime to lime as often as the like Cafe fhall happen, and every fuch Surveyor, fo appointed, fhall have the like Powers and Authorities as aforefaid; all which faid feveral Writings appointing fuch new Surveyor or Surveyors, fhall be annexed to and in-rolled with the faid Award.

VI.	And be it further -enacted. That out of the Money that fhall be Comafflu-n-raifed for def raying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, there trs AUo*-fliall be paid to each of the faid Commiffioners and Umpire, as a Recoin- ance-[Loc. Per.]	16	X	pence

1462	48°	GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

pence for his'Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence,.-and no more, for each Day he fhall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending in the execution of this and the laid recited Aftj and that the laid Commiflioners (hall defray their travelling Expences, and alfo their own Expences, at all Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft; and the Surveyors herein appointed and to be appointed (hall be paid fuch Sum or Sums ofMoneyper Day, or other-wife for their refpeftive Pains and Trouble in attending the faid Commiflioners in the execution of this Aft, as to the faid Commiflioners (hall feem juft and realonable.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required to caufe public Notice to be given in the Parilh Church of Scatter aforelaid, upon fome Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing under their Hands to be affixed on the moft public outer Door of the faid Parifli Church, and alfo by Advertifement to be inferred in fome News-paper circulating in the County of Lincoln, of the Time and Place of their firft and every other fubfequent Meeting for the execution of this or the faid recited Aft, Ten Days at leaft before any fuch Meeting (hall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted J ; and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, only One of the faid Commiflioners (hall attend, the Com-mifiioner fo attending may adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Time, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Time of Adjournment, and to fuch Place as (hall be by him deemed moft convenient, giving Notice thereof in Writing to the abfent Commiflioner ; and that all fuch Meetings, as well by Adjournment as otherwile (hall be held at Scatter aforefaid, or within Eight-Miles thereof; and that all the Meetings for receiving and determining Claims and Objeftions to Claims, (hail be held at Scatter aforefaid.

VIII.	Prcvided always, and be it further enafted, That all other Notices-neceflary orrequifite to be made and given by the faid Commiflioners, dial 1 be fo made and given by Writing to be affixed on one of the moft public outer Doors of the faid Parifli Church of Scotter, and by Advertifement in fome News-paper circulating in the faid County of Lincoln.

Conrfe of IX. And be it further enafted. That as foon after the pafling of this Wufbandry.	conveniently	may	be, the faid Commiflioners (hall, by One or more

Writing or Writings under their Hands to be affixed on one of the principal outer Doors of the faid Parifli Church of Scatter, order and direft what Courle oli Hufbandry (hall be ufed in the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dirtfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and make fuch Stint or Pule for Enjoyment of the faid Commons and Waite Grounds until the Time when they (hall have completed the faid Divifion and Inclofure, as well with refpeft to the laying down, ploughing, fovving of Grafs Seeds, fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the (locking and eating the Fallows .or Stubbles, and alfo the graving Turves or Peats, cutting of Furze, Gorie, Thorns or Bullies, upon the Lands intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and incloled, and to make fuch Recompenfe for the fame as they fliall think right; and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed on the Church Door as aforefaid, fliall and may make fuch further Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of Lands within the faid Parilh arid Lordlhip, Townlhips,

Hamlets,

Notice of Meetings.

1463

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Hamlets, or Places, for preventing them from committing Wade upon any of the Lands or Grounds therein until the Divifion and Allotment intended by this Aft fhall be completed, as to the faid Commiffioners {hall feem proper and expedient, and the faid Commiffioners {hall and may fet and impofe fuch pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Perfon not conforming to fuch Orders and Regulations as they fhall think neceffary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds on any one Perfon for any one Offence, which Penalties and Forfeitures fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and fhall be applied for fuch Ufes and Purpofes as the faid Commiffioners fhall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their Award, order, direct, and appoint; and fhall and may alfo fettle, adjudge, and determine what Portion of the Manure fhall belong to the lyandlords and Tenants refpectively in fuch Cafes where the Tenant is entitled, by Agreement, to the Manure arifing from the Lands in his Occupation ; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures and other Sum and Sums of Money, fo to be fettled, adjudged, ordered, and determined, to be paid for or on Account of the feveral Matters and Things aforefaid, fhall be recovered and recoverable in the Manner directed in the faid recited Ad.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That the Tenants or Occupiers of the Tenants tobe Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh and Lordfhip, Townfhips,

Hamlets or Places, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and incloled, Crop^aifcl fhall be allowed to fow, reap, and carry away the fame kinds of Corn or Sat-sfa&ion Grain upon or from the fame Number of Acres, and in, upon and from made for the fame Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as and for their following or way-going Crops, without paying any Rent, or making any Satisfaction or Com- Owners. * penfation for the Standage thereof, as they would have been refpectively entitled to if they had quitted their Farms at the end of their relpeftive Years therein, and this Aft, had not been made, (except in luch Cales where there are Special Agreements to the contrary) provided they fhall have purfued the fame Courfe of Hufbandry with their Fallow and other Lands as has been the ufual Cuftoxn in the faid Fields ; but in cafe tfiev fhall vary therefrom, or fhall have i'own fuch Lands with Corn as ought, in the due Courfe of Hufbandry, to have lain fallow, the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to make fuch Charges upon their following Crops, to be-paid before the fame are taken oft the Ground, as to them fhall feem reasonable and proper ; but nothing herein contained fhall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to give any Tenant a Right to a following Crop where he or fhe was not entitled to the fame before the palling of this A&: Provided neverthelefs, and the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized and empowered, by fome Writing or Writings under their Hands, to alcertain, oruer, and appoint what Recompenfe and Satisfaction in Money fhall be paid by the Owner or Owners of fuch Lands or Grounds from which fuch following or way-going Crops fhall be reaped and carried away as aforefaid, for the Standage of fuch Crops, to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands and Grounds fhall be allotted by virtue of this ACt; and if in either of the faid Cafes fuch Charge, Recompence, and Satisfaction, fhall not be fatisfied and paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the laid Commiffioners, then the faid Commiffioners fhall and may by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby directed and empowered to grant accordingly) caufe the fame to be levied by Dii-trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon and Perfons required

S40+	■ 4«8 G EQRG1I III, Cap. 81.

quired to make fuch Recompence and Satisfaction as aforefaid, together with the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

Old Swarth XI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That from and after the ftandi Var* pjrfSng of this Aft, no old Swarth Ground, Parcel of the Lands and to be [dough- Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, or inclofed, and which ed. ° fhali not have been ploughed up or converted into Tillage for the Space of Ten Years laft paft before the palling of this Aft, (hall be ploughed, broke up or converted into Tillage until the making of fuch Division and Allotments thereof, and Notice given to enter upon fuch Allotments.

Encroach* XII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commissioners, in afeer-mentf. taining, fetting out, determining, and fixing the Boundaries of the faid Lands and Grounds ins»;nded to be divided, allotted, and inclofed in manner di-refted by the faid recited Aft, fhali enquire into and determine what Encroachments have been made upon the faid Commons and Waite Lands by this Aft intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and all Encroachments made upon or from any Part thereof (except fuch Part or Parts thereof as has or have been enjoyed in Severalty for Twenty Years lull paft without Interruption, or at any Time granted by the Lords of the Manor, which Poflcflion is hereby declared to be a fufficient Title to the excepted Premifes} lhall be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, and fhali be divided and allotted accordingly (Tave and except and without prejudice to any of the Parties in refpeft of the Right of Warren claimed by the faid Dean and Chapter and their Succeflors, Lsflee or LelTees, in or upon any Part of the faid Commons or Wafte Grounds).

Allowance to XIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe it fhali happen that any of Proprietors the faid Proprietors fhali have a greater Proportion of Fences to make and

having more maintain upon any of the Lands hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and Pm0 onion hicloled, than in the Judgment of the faid Commillioners fuch Proprietors of Per.cine, of Allotments ought to be charged with (having due regard to the neceffary interior Fences) it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid CommifEoners, where they lhall judge it proper, to afeertain and appoint fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to every fuch Proprietor towards making and maintaining fuch Fences by fuch other of the faid Proprietors who may have, a lefs Proportion of Fencing, according to the Value and Quantity of Lands to be allotted to them refpectively, as they the faid CommifEoners JHall think reaionable, in order that the laid Fences may be brought as near as may be to a juft and equal Proportion.

For Hopping XIV. And be it further enafted, That it fhali and maybe lawful for the uo ancient ° faid CommifEoners to direft, turn, and ftop up or alter any of the old or R a-Js accuftomed Carriage Roads or Ways, or any private Footway or Path, Inct'Ufur-,d Footways or Palh-S> in> through, upon or over any of the Inclofed Lands or Grounds within the faid Parilh and Lordlhip, Townihips, Hamlets, or Places, or any of them, which they the laid CommilEoners lhall judge to be ulelefs or unneceffary, and to let out and allot fuch Carriage Roads or Ways as Part of the Lands and Grounds by this Act direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, to any of the faid Owners and Proprietors intereffed therein as aforefaid; provided that no fuch old or-accuftomed Roads or 3	Road

1465

4.8° GEORGir III. Cap. 81.

Road as laft mentioned fhall be flopped up, diverted or altered, without the Concurrence of Two Juflices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindfey, in the faid County of Lincoln, and fubjeft to fuch Appeal as mentioned in the faid recited Aft.

Xy. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required (after making the Allotments for public Roads as direfted by the faid recited Ad) to fet out, allot, and appoint fuch feveral Plots or Pieces of Land or Ground within the faid Parifh and Lordfhip, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places refpedively (being Part of the Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed) in fuch convenient Place or Places as they the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge proper, to be ufed for the Purpofe of public Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the Highways and Roads to be fet out and made in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any other ancient Roads within the faid Parifh and Lordfhip, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places, for the Ufe of the Inhabitants thereof refpeftively, and (hall alfo order and direft in what manner the Herbage and Produce thereof fhall be appropriated.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required in the next place to fet out, allot, and appoint unto the faid Henry John Wollajion as Rector of the faid Reftory and Parifh Church of Sootier aforefaid, and his Succefl'ors Reftors as aforefaid for the Time being, fuch feveral and refpeftive Parts and Proportions of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed, as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to and a full Compensation for the prefent uninclofed Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in refpeft thereof, belonging to the faid Henry John Wollajion as Reftor as aforefaid, lying within the faid Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to be divided and inclofed.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required in the next place to fet out, allot, and appoint unto the faid Henry John Wollajion as Reftor as aforefaid, and his Succef-fors Reftors for the Time being (over and above and excluhve of the Lands and Grounds fo to be allotted for the faid Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in refpeft thereof as aforefaid) fuch Pieces or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and inclofed as fhall in their Judgment be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of the old inclofed Arable Lands, and to One-ninth Part of the old inclofed Meadow and Paflure Grounds within the faid Parifh, Townfhips, and Hamlets, which are fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes, and fuch Pieces and Parcels of Land and Ground within the Open Fields of Scotter and Scottcrthorpe aforefaid, as in their Judgment fhall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Arable Land ; and to One-ninth Part of all the Meadow or Paflure Land in the faid Open Fields, being fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes, and fuch other Pieces and Parcels of Land or Ground within the Open Meadows and Stinted Paflures by this Aft direfted to be divided and inclofed, as fhall in their Judgment be equal in Value to One-ninth Part of the laid Open Meadows and Stinted Paflures, being fubjeft to the Payment of Tythes (except the faid Lands within the Reftory of Scotton

£«£#• & Per.]	16 T	aforefaid)

All 'trnents for Gravel, &c. for repairing Roads, and for public Watering Places.

Allotments to the Reftor

Glebe.

Allotments for Tythffi to the Reftor of Scotter.

i466

48° GE0RG1I III. Cap. 81.

aforefaid) and fuch Pieces and Parcels of Land or Ground within the-faid Commons and Wade Grounds as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to One-tenth Part of all and every the Commons and Wade Grounds within the faid Parifh, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places refpedtively, in lieu of and as a full Satisfaction and Compenfation for all Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Modufes, Compofitions or other Payments in refpect' thereof whatfoever belonging to the faid Redtor, arifing, renewing, increafing or happening, or which lhall or may hereafter arife, renew, increafe or happen, within, out of, upon or from any of the Mefiuages, Cottages, Tofts, Lands, or Grounds, Commons or other Hereditaments, within the faid Parifh and Lordfhip cf Scottcr, or the faid Townfhips, Hamlets or Places of Scottertborpe and Sufworlh aforefaid, or any of them (except Eader Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees, which fliall continue to be paid and payable as ufual); Provided always, that the faid Commiflioners fhall fet out and allot Thirty Acres, Part of the Allotments hereby directed to be made, to the laid Henry John Wallafton as near to the prefent Redory Houfe and Home-dead as conveniently may be.

Allotment XVIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and to the Re£lor they are hereby required in the next place to fet out, allot, and appoint Scotton in Unto the faid Broxbobn Brown, as Redor of Scotton, and his Succeffors euo lytne. Re(cj-ors as aforefaid for the Time being, fuch Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground lying within the Redory of Scotton aforefaid as in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners fhall be equal in Value to One-ninth Part of all and every the faid feveral Pieces or Parcels of Land within the Redory of Scotton aforefaid, in lieu and Satisfadion of and for all Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Modufes, Compofitions, and other Payments whatfoever belonging to the faid Redory of Scotton, arifing and renewing, and which fhall hereafter arife and renew from, in, upon or out of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground in the faid Parifh of Scatter lying within the faid Redory of Scotton, and hereby di-reded to be divided and inclofed.

XIX. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fliall and they are hereby required in the next place to fet out, allot, and award unto the laid Dean and Chapter, as Lords of the Manor of Scottcr aforefaid, and their Succeffors, and unto the faid Francis Edward Morley as their LetTee (exclufive cf all other Allotments to the faid Dean and Chapter, and the faid Francis Edward Morley, for and in refped of their other Property) fuch Pieces and Parcels of the Refidue cf the faid Commons and Waffs Grounds hereby direded to be divided and inclofed, as fliall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners be equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of fuch Refidue of all and every fuch Parcel and Parcels of the faid Commons and Wafle Grounds, the Soil of which the faid Dean and Chapter are entitled to or imerefled in as Lords of the faid Manor of Scatter,.in lieu of and as a Compenfation for all the Right and Intereff of the faid Dean and Chapter and their Succeffors, and the faid Vrancis Edward Morley or their Leffee for the Time being, in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Waftc Grounds by this Adi directed to be divided and inclofed.

Allotment for Manorial Rights of Soil.

Allotment in XX. And be it further enabled, That the Hid Commiflioners fliall and lieu ot R^ht tjley are hereby authorized and required in the next place to aflign, fet ot Warren.	,	f	“	But,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8r.	1467

out, and allot unto the faid Dean and Chapter, and their Lefiee for the Time being, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wade Lands as in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners (after hearing all Evidence to be produced relating to the fame) {hall be a full Equivalent and Compen-fation for their Right of Warren or keeping Rabbits upon the faid Commons and Wafte Lands, and fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be in lieu of and full Bar and Compenfation tor the fame.

XXI. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall Allotment of and they are hereby required, after the feveral Allotments hereinbefore tlie ^e^ue directed {hall have been made, to aflign, fet out, allot, and divide all the Refidue of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds by this A&dire&ed to be fet out, allotted, and divided in manner following (that is to fay) Seven-twelfth Parts thereof (the whole into Twelve equal Parts to be divided) fhall be fet out and allotted unto and amongft the feveral Owners and Proprietors of ancient Melfuages, Cottages, Tofts or Toft-fteads within the faid Parilh and Lordthip, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places having Right of Common in or upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, in Shares of equal Value (that is to fay) One equal Share to each Mefiuage, Cottage, Toft or Toftftead, and in making which Allotments no regard {hall be had to the Magnitude or Value of the faid Mef-fuages, Cottages, Tofts or Toftfteads, or any of them ; and the remaining Five-twelfth Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds {hall be fet out and allotted unto and amongft the feveral Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds within the laid Parilh of Scotter, who were, on or before the 1 ft Day of March, One thoufand eight hundred and eight.

Owners and Proprietors of Melfuages, Cottages, Tofts or Toftfteads* within the faid Parilh of Scotter, having Right of Common on the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, in proportion, and according to the Value of and to their feveral Rights and Interefts in the Homefteads,

Crofts, ancient Inclofures, Open Arable Lands, Meadows, and Stinted Paftures, lying within the faid Parilh and Lord {hip, Townfhips, Hamlets,	,

or Places, or any of them, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all Rights of Common and other Interefts in and upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds; and that the faid Commifiioners fliaU alfo fet <tut, allot, and appoint all the Refidue and Remainder of all the {ever a I Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Paftures fituate and being within the faid Parilh, Hamlets, Townfhips, or Places, unto and amongft the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who at the Time of making fuch Allotments fhall be entitled to any Eftate, Property, or Intereft therein, in fuch Quantities, Shares,.and Proportions, as by the faid Commiftioners fhall be adjudged and determined to be a Compenfation and Satisfaction for the feveral and refpe&ive Lands and Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Interefts of each of the laid Proprietors therein.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Allotment or Allotments upon'Re-15 in any of the faid Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Stinted quell, may be Paftures, by'this lift directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, may, madem upon the Requeft, and with the Confent of the refpective Parties, be	c*

made for or in lieu of Lands in any other or others of the faid Fields, Common Meadows, or Paftures, or lor or in lieu of Common Rights or other Rights and Interefts belonging to any of the faid Proprietors in or upon the faid Commonr Commons and^ Wafte Grounds y and alfo that any Allotment or Allot-

meats Fields, See.

i468	48” GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

ments in or upon the faid Commons and Wafie Grounds may in like manner be made for or in lieu of Lands and Grounds belonging to any of the faid Proprietors in or upon the faid Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Paftures, or any of them; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the feveral Allotments to Allotments. be made to the faid Henry John Wollaflon and Broxholm Brown, as ReCtors refpeCtively, and their refpeCtive Succeffors as aforefaid, in lieu of Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in refpeCt thereof, and TytheS refpeCtively, fhall be fenced on all fuch outer Parts and Sides thereof as fhall not be ordered by the faid Commifiioners to be fenced by any other Proprietors, and againfl: all public Roads, with good fubffantial Fences, all which fhall be planted with good Hawthorn Quickfets, guarded on each Side with good Oak Pods and double Oak or Alh Rails or Battins, and fufficient Ditches ; and where fuch Fences are againfl: any public Roads or unin-clofed Lands, then fuch Fences (hall be made with Three Rails or Battins, and there fhall alfo be a Gate hung with Oak Polls to each Allotment in fuch Time and by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commifiioners fhall appoint to make and complete the fame, at the Expence of the Reft of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this ACt, in fuch Proportions, and to be paid at fdch Time or Times as the faid Commifiioners, by any Writing under their refpeCtive Hands, or in their faid Award or Inftrutnent, (hall order, direct, or appoint; and that all fuch Fences and Gates of the leveral Allotments fo to be made to the faid Henry 'John Wollafton and Broxholm Brown, as ReCtors refpeCtively as aforefaid, not ordered to be repaired by any other Proprietor, fhall from thenceforth be fupported, maintained, and kept in repair by the faid Henry John Wolla/ion and Broxholm Brown, and their Succelfors refpeCtively, for ever afterwards.

1 'ommiffkm- XXIV. And be it further enabled, That if any Difpute or Difference rrs to fettle (hall arife between any of the Parties interefied in or claiming to be intereft-Difputes. ej jn the Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure hereby directed and intended to be made, touching or concerning the Lands and Grounds aforefaid, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning the refpeCtive Rights and Interelts therein which they or any of them have or claim to have in or to fuch Lands or Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter^or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners to examine into, hear, and determine the lame : Provided always, that nothing herein contained -fhall authorize the faid Commifiioners to determine the Title to any Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

Commiffion- XXV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Commifiioners CoiL aW3rd uPon t*le hear?nS anc* Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-0	jeCtion	or Objections, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the

faid recited Act, fee caufe to award any Colts, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, afiefs, and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reafonable. to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the faid Commifiioners fhall lie made, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections,

fhall

1469

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

fhall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled ; and in cafe thePerfon or Perfon^ who fhall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges (hall negledt or refufe to pay the fame oil Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands diredted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufmg to pay the fame as aforefaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefc and Sale.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That in cafe the faid Dean and Chapter or their Succeftors, or their Leflee or Leflees for the Time being, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, {hall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commifiioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the faid Moors, Stinted Paftures, Commons or Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Rights or Interefts relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Dean and Chapter, and their LefFee or Leflees, or the Perfon or Perfons fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commifiioners, at the then next or at the following Afiizes to be held within and for the faid County of Lincoln, and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commifiioners fhall caufe an Adtion to be brought upon a feigned Iffue againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour the faid Determination fhall have been fo made, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Decifion of the faid Commiflioners ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adtion or Adtions fhall, and he, flie, or they are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffue or Iffues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Adtion fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties fhall differ about the fame) ; and the Verdflft or Verdidts which fhall be given in fuch Adtion or Actions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive on all Perfons and Bodies Politic and Corporate whomfoever, (unlefs the Court wherein fuch Adtion or Adtions fliall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdidt or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which it fliall be lawful for the Court to do) and alfo, upon fuch lufficient Caufe fhewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Iffue or Iffues, as is ufual in other Cafes j and that after fuch Verdidt or Verdidts fhall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commifiioners fhall and they are hereby required, to adt in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials : Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commifiioners touching fuch Claim or Claims, or other Rights or Interefts, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, which fhall not be objedted to, or being objedted to the Party or Parties objedting not caufing fuch Adtion at Law to be brought within the Space of Two [Lor. & Per.']	16	Z	Calendar

Parties cliff fatified may try their Rights by an' Iffue at La a-.

Determination of Commiflioners nor obje&ed to, ©rafter Trial, to be final.

1470

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Calendar Months after Objeftion made, or not proceeded therein as aforefaid, {hall be final and conclufive on all Parties.

Death of XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any of the fQa^”cs Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants in any Aftion to be brought in purfuance of ceedmgsat ^is Aft, fhall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion fhall not abate by reafon Law;	thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened ; and

nor Trials	that no fuch Difference, Aftion, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Dif-

txecnition^of ^erencen Difpute, or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tene-the Aft. ments, or Hereditaments within the faid Parifli, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places, fhall impede or delay the faid Commillioners in the execution of this Aft, but the faid Divifion and Inclofure fhall be proceeded in not-withflanding any fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

Provifion in Cafe of Death of Parties before Actions brought.

XXVill. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have been made, and againfl whom any fuch Aftion or Aftions might have been brought, if living, fhall die before any fuch Aftion or Aftions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing fuch Aftion or Aftions, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Aftion or Aftions againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame, within the Time fo limited as aforefaid, againfl fuch Perfon , or Perfons as if aftually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Aftion or Aftions, in the fame manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Aftion or Aftions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been aftually living; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the event of fuch Aftion or Aftions.

Right ofPof. XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this fefficn of Per- Aft contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine determined** anY	between	any	Parties	contrary	to	the	Pofleflion	of any of fuch

by Commit- Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of fioners. Twenty Years as hereinbefore mentioned; but in cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall be of Opinion againfl the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in pofleflion they {hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Pofleflion fhall have been given up, or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejeftment or other due courfe of Law.

No Sheep, XXX. And be it further enafted, That no Sheep or Lambs, Horfes, Lambs, Afles, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geefe fhall be depaflured or kept in any of Hornedl^e new ^nc^ures during the Space of Twelve Years to be computed Caule, Pigs, from the F>ay	execution	of the Award of the faid Comraiffioners,

or Geefe to’ unlefs the Perfons refpeftively fo depalluring or keeping fuch Sheep or be kept Lambs, Horfes, Afles, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geefe therein, do at their Year”after^Ve awn ^^aroes refpeftively, well and effeftually guard and fence the Quick-thc execution fets or nevv Fences on any other Perfon’s Allotment adjoining to fuch ln-of Award, clofures refpeftively, in which Sheep or Lambs, Horfes, Afles, Homed i t	Cattle,

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.	1471

Cattle, Pigs, or Geefe, (hall be depaftured or kept as aforefaid, foas to pre- pnlefs the advent any Damage or Injury being done to fuch Quickfets or new Fences QuiTfict*are by any fuch Sheep or Lambs, Horfes, Afles, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or girded,*&c. Geefe ; and the Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively depafturing, or keeping the fame as aforefaid, and negle&ing or refufing to guard and fence the Quickfets, Hedges, or new Fences, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds over and above and together with the Sum effimated to be the Amount of the Damage to be fuf-tained thereby, as (hall be thought juft and reafonable, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as is direfted by the faid recited for the Recovery and Application of Penalties; and every fuch Penalty and Damages, when fo levied, (hall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons fo injured as aforefaid.

XXXI. And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall No Cattle, from and after the (taking out of the Roads, as directed by the faid re- &c- be cited Ad, put or caufe to be turned or put, or knowingly fuller to be	e

turned or put any of his, her, or their Sheep or Lambs, Horfes, Afles, Fifteen Year# Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geefe, into any of the Roads fo to be fet out, at any after execu-Time within Fifteen Years next after the making and executing the Award ^a°*,the of the faid Commiflioners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Per- warc' fon or Perfons whofe Hedges, Fences, Crops, Herbage or Ground, (hall or may be damaged thereby, or any other Perfon or Perfons to impound the fame; and every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums ofMoney, from Time to Time,not exceeding at any one Time the Sum of Forty Shillings over and above, and together with the Sum eftimated to be the Amount of the Damage to be iuftained thereby as (hall be thought juft and reafonable, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as is directed by the faid recited Aft for the Recovery and Application of Penalties, which Penalty or Penalties, when fo recovered, (hall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the Parilh or Lordlhip, Townfliips, Hamlets, or Places of Scatter, Scotterthorpe, and Sufworth aforefaid, and (hall be by him or them applied in the Amendment of the Highways within the fame Parilh or Lordfiiip, Townfhips, Hamlets, or Places ; and the Sum eftimated to be the Amount of the Damage to be fuitained as aforefaid, when teco-covered as hereinbefore mentioned, (hall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Hedges, Fences, Crops, Herbage, or Grounds (hall be fo damaged, by the Ways and Means aforefaid ; and that the Grafs and Herbage grow- Herbage of ing or renewing on any of the Roads or Ways to be fet out within the faid the Roads to Parifh or Lordfiiip, Townfhips, Hamlets or Places, (hall be veiled in the be ve|icd »n faid Surveyor or Surveyors refpe&ively, and (hall by him or them be pub-licly let to the belt Bidder or Bidders on Eafter Monday in each Year, for ways, 1 & ' the Purpofe of Mowing only, for the Term of Fifteen Years from the execution of the faid Award, and for ever afterwards for Mowing or Pafturage, as fuch Surveyor or Surveyors (hall think expedient; and the Rents and Profits thereof (hall be applied in the fame manner and for the fame Pur-pofes as the laft above-mentioned Penalties, when recovered, are hereinbefore directed to be applied, and (hall be accounted for by the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the Parilh or Lordlhip, Townfliips, Hamlets, or Places aforefaid, in the fame manner as he or they is or are accountable for other Money that (hall or may come to his or their

Hand

1472

Allotments to the Proprietors having Lands, &c. hrld under different Titles, to be diftin-guifhed ;

and Supplemental In-

ftrumcnt

cuted by Lid Commiffion-crs fubfc-quent to the execution of the Award for fupplying Omiffions in certain Cafes.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 81;

Hand or Hands as Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and ffiall be' fubjecl and liable to the like Penalties for Negleft thereof.

XXXIh And be it further enatted, That nothing in this or the faid re-e cited Aft contained {hall extend, or be conftrued or adjudged to extend, tof revoke, make void, annul, or alter any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Leafe, or to prejudice any Perfon having any Right or Claim of Dower, jointure, Annuity, Rent, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance whatfoever, in, out of, upon, or afFe&ing any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or which ffiall be exchanged or affigned, in Compenfation for any other Eflate or Right in purfuance of this Aft; but as well the Lands allotted, as the Tenements or other Hereditaments which {hall be affigned in Exchange or in Compenfation for any other Eftate or Right, {bail immediately after fuch Allotment, Exchange, or Alignment (hall be made, remain and enure, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame {hall be allotted, affigned, or given in Exchange as afore-faid, {hall thenceforth hand and be feifed and poffeffed thereof refpeftively, to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, Eftates, Intents, Trufts, and Purpofes refpeftively, and fubject and liable to fuch and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, and Remainders, Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the faid feveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments, Alignments, and Exchanges {hall have been made, ffiould or would have Itood feverally limited, fettled, veiled, or fubjeft or liable to, or been held by, in cafe the fame had not been allotted, affigned, or exchanged, and this Aft had not been made.

XXX11I.	And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pro* prietors of any Lands or other Heredit aments which {hall be allotted by this Act, {hall hold their refpective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures) or for different Eftates, or under different Titles, the faid Commiffioners {hall (upon the Requeft of fuch refpeftive Proprietors in Writing under their Hands) afeertain and diftinguiffi the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of fuch Tenures for each of fuch Eftates, and under fuch Titles refpeftively, and ffiall accordingly in their faid *\ward fet out and diftm-guilh the feveral Allotments which ffiall be fet out and affigned for fuch Lands or other Hereditaments refpeftively ; and where for want of the neceffary Information before the faid Commiffioners, or from any other Caufe, they ffiall have omitted to diferiminare fuch different Titles, Eftates, and Tenures refpeftively in their faid Award, and after making thereof* Requeft {hail be made to the faid Commiffioners by any Perfon or Perfons interefted (by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands) to have fuch Omiffion lupplied by a feparate Inftrument or Inftruments, then and in every fuch Cafe the laid Commiffioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing neceffary for fupplying fuch Omiffion, and fo far as ffiall be neceflary for that Purpofe, to examine Witneifes, and in every other refpect to proceed and aft as if their faid Award had not been made; and when they ffiall have obtained fufficient Information, they the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized, by any Deed under^their Hands and Seals, to afeertain and diftinguiffi the feyeral Allotments which ffiall be fet out and afligned for the Lands and Hereditaments held by fuch different Tenures, Eftates, and Titles, refpeftively, and ffiall fet out and allot the fame accordingly, in I he fame manner as if the fame had been inferted in the faid Award$ and

every

1473

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8r.

every fuch feparate Inftrument, after having been duly executed by the faid Commiffioners, (hall have the fame Effect as if it was contained in the faid Award, and (hall be delivered unto the Perfon or Perfons upon whole Requeft the faid Omiffion (hall have been fupplied, or the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Cuftody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the 1 itle to the Premifes in queftion (hall in the Opinion of the faid Commiffioners mod: properly belong for the Time being; and all Charges which (hall oe reafonably incurred in and about any fuch Supplementary Inftrument as aforefaid, (hall be paid and payable by the Perlon or Perfons who (hall have requeued the faid Commiffioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Admir.iftrators.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, and the faid Commiffioners are For defray-hereby authorized and required, to ascertain the Amount of the Sum and j,n^gaff*fCe* Sums of Money which (hall be afleflfed and charged by them the (aid Com- Part Gf Commiffioners upon each Copyholder for the Expences of obtaining and exe- mons or cuting this Aft, for and in refpeft of his Copyhold Eftate and Allotments WafteLands. within the faid Manor, and alfo upon the faid Dean and Chapter and their faid Leflee, in refpeft of the whole of their Eftate and Allotments within the faid Manor (except in refpeft of their Allotment for the Right of Soil; and having fo afeertained the fame, they the faid Commiffioners (hall affign, fet out, and allot unto each Copyholder fuch Part or Proportion of his faid Allotments in and upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds as (hall in the judgment and Opinion of the faid Commiffioners, be equal in Value to the Sum and Sums of Money which (hall be fo afiefled, and charged upon and paid by each fuch Copyholder, fuch Part or Proportion of the faid Allotments being declared and confidered as Freehold Lands, and to be held as fuch of the faid Dean and Chapter and their Leflee or Leftees for the Time being, Lords of the faid Manor ; and the faid Commiffioners (hall fell and difpofe of fo much of the Allotment or Allotments which the faid Dean and Chapter and their faid Leflee (hall be entitled to for their Right of Common in and upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, as (hall, by the Sale thereof, produce a l’ufficient Sum or Sums of Money to pay and difeharge the faid Sum and Sums which (hall be fo afleffed and charged upon the faid Dean and Chapter and their faid Lelfee, in refpeft of the whole of their faid Eftate and Allotments (except their Allotment for the Right of Soil) ; and for this End and Purpofe the faid Commiffioners (hall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby direfted, on Payment of the re-l'peftive Purchafe Monies for which fuch Lands (hall be fold, to grant and convey the fame unto and to the Ufe of the feveral Purchafers thereof and their Heirs and Affigns, for ever, as Freehold, and the Receipt and Receipts of the faid Commiffioners for luch Purchafe Monies, (hall be a full and ab-folure Difeharge to fuch Purchafer and Purchafers for the fame, and the faid Commiffioners (hall pay and apply the faid Purchafe Monies in paying and difehargmg the Sum and Sums of Money fo to be charged and afiefled upon the laid Dean and Chapter and their laid Leflee, as before mentioned:

Provided always, that if ihere (hall be any Overplus of the Money arifing by fuch Sale, the fame dial! be applied in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft with refpeft to Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

\_Loc. fc? Per.]	17	A

XXXV. And

1474

For Eofran-chifernent oi Copyhold.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

XXXV.	And be it farther enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful-to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, by infpefting the Court Rolls of the Manor of Scottcr aforefaid, the Accounts of bines received by the Lords of the faid Manor, or their Leflee or LefTees, and all other Evidences which they may think neceftary to call before them, or may be produced by the faid Lords or their LelTee, or any Copy hoi der or Copyholders within the faid Manor, and by a due Inveftigation and Gon-fideration of all other Circumftances which they may think necelTary, or may be fuggefted to them by the faid Lords or their Leflee, or any of the faid Copyholders, relating to the fubjeft, to afcertain what has been the Value of the Fines in refpeft to the Copyhold Property for Thirty Years lafl paft, and having afcertained the fame, to fix and determine what Proportion of Land is in their Judgment a juft and equitable equivalent to the faid Lords for enfranchifing the Whole of the Copyhold Lands and Eftates, within the faid Manor ; and that the faid Commilfioners, after having fo fixed and determined the fame, (hall give public Notice in fuch Manner as other Notices are by this Aft required to be given, at leaft One Month previous to their making any Allotments by virtue of this Aft, of a certain Time and Place when and where they will hold a Meeting, at which every Copyholder within the faid Manor (hall declare in Writing whether he will agree to have his Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments entranchifed on fuch Terms as (hall be fixed by the faid Commiffioners; and that the faid Commiffioners, having fo afcertained the Proportion or Value of the Lands to be allotted to the Lords of the faid Manor for enfranchifing the Whole of the faid Copyhold Property, (hall, on a Requifition in Writing to be delivered to them at fuch Meeting by the Copyholders who (hall require to have all their Copyhold Eftates within the faid Manor, including the Lands to be allotted by virtue of this Aft, enfranchifed oil the Terms fo fixed by the faid Commiffioners, allot a due and juft Part and Proportion of each Eftate, which (hall, be, continue, and remain of Copyhold Tenure, according to the Declaration contained in the faid immediately preceding Claufe, and (hall not be allotred as Freehold as aforefaid, and which the Owner (hall fo require to be enfranchifed, purfuant and according to the Value of enfranchifing all the faid Copyhold Eftates which (hall have been fo afcertained unto the faid Dean and Chapter and their Succeflfors, and the faid Francis Edward Morley as their LelTee, as a full Cotnpenfation and Satisfaftion for fuch Enfranchifement, and that the (aid Commiffioners (hall allot fo much of the Compenfation for enfranchifing fuch Parts of the ancient Eftates of the faid Copyholders as are known open and uninclofed Lands, out of the known open and unin-ciofed Lands of the faid Copyholders, and the Compenlation for enfranchifing the Meffiiages, Cottages, Tofts or Toftfteads, Crofts, and ancient Inclofures and Allotments of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds of the faid Copyholders, from and out of the Allotments of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, and alio out of fuch ancient Inclofures where the refpeftive Allotments of fuch Copyholders in and upon the faid Cpmmons and Waite Grounds (hall not be of J'ufficient Value to make Compenfation for fuch Enfranchifement; and that the. Allotments to be made for enfranchifing the Whole of the Property which (hall be fo required to be enfranchiled by thefeveral Copyholders or Proprietors within trie faid Open Fields, Meadows, Paflures, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, (hail be laid together or added to the other Allotments of the faid Dean and Chapter and their Succeifurs, and the faid Francis Edward Morley their LelTee

1-	in

1475

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8r.

in the find Open Fields, Meadows, Paftures, Commons, and Wade Grounds refpeftively; and that all MefTuages, Cottages, Tofts, Crofts,

Lands, and Hereditaments belonging to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, and being now Copyhold, Parcel of the faid Manor, and all Allotments to be made in lieu thereof by virtue of this Aft, and which (hall be fo agreed and required to be fo enfranchifed as aforefaid, (hall, from and after the faid Allotments fo made to the faid Dean and Chapter, and the faid Francis Edward Mor/ey as their Leffee, in lieu and as a Com-penfation for the Enfranchifement thereof, be held and enjoyed ot the faid Dean and Chapter or their Leffee for the Time being Lords of the faid Manor, as Freehold, to all Intents and Purpofes, and difcharged of and from all Copyhold Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Copyhold Rents,

Duties, and Services whatfoever.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall Allotments and may fet out and allot unto and for the Churchwarden or Church- ,n ^ rult* wardens of the Parifii of Scatter, and their Succeffors for the Time being refpeftively, and to the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Scatter, and their Succeffors for the Time being refpeftively, who are hereby refpeftively enabled to take, hold, and enjoy the fame in Succeffion, according to their feveral and refpeftive Rights and Interefts,

Eftates, and Property in the fame Parifh, and unto and for fuch other Perfon or Perfons refpeftively who now is or are or (hall or may be entitled to any Allotment in the faid Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, in Right of or in Trull for any College, Hofpital, School, Poor, or public Ufe, upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes upon and for which the Hereditaments and Premiles, and other Property in Right whereof the fame were allotted, are now held and enjoyed as aforefaid ; and alfo unto the Purchafer or Purchafers who hath or have heretofore made any Purchafe or Purchafes within the faid Parifh, by the Bounty of her late Majefty Queen ifane, fuch Parcel or Parcels of the faid Lands and Grounds as (nail in the judgment of the faid Commiffioners be fuch refpeftive Perfon or Perfons, Proportion or Proportions thereof, after a Deduftion being made thereout of fo much as (ball in their Judgment be equal in Value to his, her, or their relpec-tive Proportions of the outfide Mounding or Fencing of fuch Allotment or Allotments refpeftively, and of the Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining, palling, and executing this Aft, and of fuch other Expences as are hereinafter direfted to be paid and borne for them refpec-tively, by the other Proprietors and Perfons interelfed in the faid Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to be divided and inclofed ; which Parcel or Parcels of Lands fo to be ft out and allotted as aforefaid, the faid Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers, and their refpeftive Succeffors lor the Time being ; and fuch other Perfon or Perfons, Purchafer or Purchafers as aforefaid, are hereby empowered, by and with the Confetti, and under and fubjedt to the Directions of the faid Commiffioners, to demife or leafe for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Time of the execution of luch Leale or Leafes; and fuch Land, fo deducted, fhail be divided amonglt the laid Proprietors lb charged with fuch Expences as aforefaid.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful Forfar for all and every Perfon and Perfons interelted in the faid intended Divi-

fion, Ri.hu or'

i476	4f>°	GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Allotments flon? Allotment, and Inclofure (except only the faid Henry John II ollaflon tEothcr°m ant^ ^e Broxholm Brown, and their SucceiTors Re£lors as aforeiaid. Property be- and the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Allotments {hall be made in Trull fore the exe- as aforefaid), at any Time before the execution of the Award of the faid Akvard°f Uie Commiflioners, to fell and difpofe of all fuch Ellate, Right, Title, and Property which he, fhe, or they fhall have in to or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or in or to any Allotment or Allctments to be made by virtue of this Adi, and to convey the fame by Deed or Surrender, according to the Tenure of the Ellate or Jnterefl in refpetl whereof fuch Allotment (hall be made, to the Purchafer thereof, feparate from the Eflate or other Interefl in Right whereof he, fhe, or they is or are or {hall be fo entitled, and alfo to grant, i'urrender, mortgage, fell and convey all or any of the Allotments which {hall be fet out and alligned to and for fuch Perfon and Perfons refpec-tively, by virtue of this Adi, though the faid Award of the faid Commif-fioncrs fnall not then have been execured, fubjecl neverthelefs to all Settlements, idortgages. Charges and Incumbrances affecling the Mefliiages, Cottages, Toftfteads, Lands, Grounds, Eflates, or Interefls, in refpedt whereof fuch Rights fhall arife, or fuch Allotments {hall be made.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners {hall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, hear, and determine all Claims of Freeboard upon the faid intended Divifion

an.I Allotment; and if any fuch Claim fhall be fully eftabliflied by fuf. ficient Proof to the Satisfadlion of the faid Commiflioners, they are hereby authorized and empowered to fet out and allot One or more Plot or Plots, Allotment or Allotments of Land, in lieu of any fuch Freeboard or Freeboards fo eflablifhed ; and fuch Plot or Plots, Allotment or Allotments, fhall for ever thereafter refpeclively be deemed to be within and Part of fuch Parifli as the faid Commiflioners, in and by their Award, fhall adjudge and determine.

Power to XXXIX. And be it further enacled, That it fhall be lawful for the enter adjoin- Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the leveral new Allotments to be ro^drefs' S made in purfuance of this A£l, and their refpe&ive Servants and La-Ditches, &c. bourers, to enter into and upon any Land and Ground next adjoining to their refpedtive Allotments from Time to Time, and at all leafonable Times, between the Firfl Day of ’Novmbcr and the Firft Day of May in each Year after fuch their Allotment {hall be made and fenced in-by virtue hereof, for the Purpofe of cleanflng, fcouring, and drefling the Ditches and Drains belonging to the faid Allotments which {hall or maybe dug or made next to which {hall border upon in fuch adjoining Grounds; and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor, and Occupiers of fuch new Allotments, or of any other Lands already inclofed, from the Time of flaking out the feveral Allotments hereby diredled to be made, to fet up and place, and from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, to continue and maintain Polls and Rails acrofs the Ditch or Ditches of fuch his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, or other Lands already inclofed, in and upon the Bank and Banks next adjoining to fuch his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, or other Lands already inclofed, without being deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaflers {or for fo doing, or liable to make good any Damage for the fame.

Freeboards to be deter-

Commiflion-

XL. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap, 81..	1477

XL. And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid For extllT-Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times ^ e^fn°r before the execution of the faid Award, by Notice in Writing under their Gates.Righu Hands to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parifh Church of Common of Scatter aforefaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Gates, Rights of Common, and other Interefts, in, oyer, or upon the faid Ings, Mea- Award* C dows, Paftures, Moors, Commons, and Wafte Grounds or any Part thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended for and during fuch Time as fhall be exprefted in fuch Writing; and that all fuch Gates, Rights and Interefts, as the faid Commifiioners fhall by fuch Writing order and diredt to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, fhall from the Time fpecified in fuch Notice, ceafe, determine and be extinguilhed, or the Exercife thereof be fufpended accordingly j any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That all and every Tenant and Occu- Tenants to pier from Year to Year, or under any Leafe or Agreement at Rack Rent Sive UP aJ-for any Term or Number of Years of any Open Land or Ground, old lnclofures, or other Intereft of, in, or within the faid Parifti or Lordfhip, Landi. hav-Tewnfhip, Hamlets, or Places (fave and except the faid Frqncis Edward ing Satisfac-Morley in refpedt of a certain Leafe or Demile, bearing date the Thirtieth J.I0.n for ft> Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and one, and made between aoin£* the faid Dean and Chapter of Peterborough of the one Part, and the (aid Francis Edward Mcrley of the other Part) Ihall immediately upon the making of fuch Divifion and Inclofure as aforefaid, or at fuch Time as the faid Cammiffioners Ihall appoint by Writing under their Hands, give up and refign the full and peaceable Pofleffion of any fuch allotted or exchanged Lands, ancient lnclofures, or other Intereft which fuch Tenants or Occupiers fhall hold or be entitled to within the faid Parifh of Scatter (fave and except the faid Francis Edward Morley as aforefaid) to the Owner or Owners thereof, fuch refpedtive Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the refpedtive Owners or Proprietors thereof fuch Satisfaction as the faid Commiftior.ers fhall afeertain, order, diredt or appoint to be paid to fuch Tenant or Tenants refpedtively on account thereof, or as an Fquivalent for the Lofs or Loftes he, fhe, or they fhall refpedtively fuftain thereby; and if the Money, fo to be afeertained as aforefaid, fhall not be paid to the Perlbn or Perfons entitled to receive the fame within Fourteen Ddys after Demand made thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid Coramif-itoneis and they are hereby required to raife and levy the fame for the life and lieneht of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Coils, Charges, and Expenoes of obtaining and executino-ihis Act, can or may be railed or recovered : Provided always, that if diere ffiaft be any Leafe or Leafes of Lands, Part of which lie in the Parifh, Toivnlhips, Hamlets or Places aforefaid, and Part in any .adjoining Townfbip or Parifh, ail and every fuch Leafe or Leafes upon Rack Rent now fubfifting may be vacated, fuch Satisfaction being made as aforefaid -t but where any Lands fhall be taken in Exchange, which Lands fhall be nnder Leafe, and wholly fituate in an adjoining Townfhip or Parifh, the Leafe of fuch laft mentioned Lands fhall not be vacated.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That all Lands and Grounds as fhall Lards allot -by virtue of this Adt be fet out and allotted to any of the faid Proprietors, ted to he o"i

^Loc. iP Per.']	1	y	B	fhallthe farae Te"

i478	+8* GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Eft-^ ^all	^ fuch Proprietors refpeftively under the fame Tenures,

Right of* Penfs, Cuftpms, and Services, as the Lands and other Property in re-which they fpeft of which fuch Allotments (hall be made were refpeftively held and (hall be al- enjoyed before the palling of this Aft, or would have been held and lotted. enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made; and the feveral Lands and Grounds which in the Laid Award fhall be declared to have been allotted in Right of Freehold Lands or Hereditaments, {hall, from the making and executing thereof, be deemed Freehold Lands, and fhall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents, and by the fame Services, as the Freehold Property in lieu or in refpeft of which they were fo allotted, was before that Time held ; and the feveral Lands and Grounds which {hall be therein declared to be allotted in lieu or in refpeft of Copy-hold Property, and which fhall not be enfranchifed by virtue of the Powers and Provifions in this Aft contained, {hall be in like manner deemed Copyhold or Cuflomary, and {hall be held of the Lords of the Manor of Scotter aforefaid, under the fame Rents, and by the fame Cuftoms, Duties, and Services, as the Copyhold Lands or other Property, in lieu or in refpeft of which they were fo allotted, were or ought to have been held, and {hall pafs by the like Surrenders as the prefent Copyhold Lands, Hereditaments, and Premifes, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments fhall be made, are now holden under and are liable to; and the Lands and Grounds which lhall be therein declared to have been allotted in lieu or in refpeft of Leafehold Lands or other Leafehold Property, fhall be in like manner deemed Leafehold, and fhall be held under the fame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieu or in refpeft whereof they were fo refpeftively allotted were held, and the Reverfion thereof {hall be veiled in the fame Leffors refpeftively as the Reverfion of fuch other Lands and Property was veiled before the making of this Aft.

Commiffion- XLIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners fhall ers to widen and may fcour out and widen all the ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Ditches and Watercourfes, Tunnels, Sluices, and Bridges, and fhall and may make, make new cut, ereft, fet out, and appoint all fuch new Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, ones.	Tunnels,	Sluices,	Gates, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and

over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as alio in, over, and through any ancient inclofed Lands, and alfo in, through, and upon the Banks of the River Trent, within the faid Parifh of Scotter (except Gardens, Orchards, and Homefleads, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever) making fuch Satisfaftion to the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch ancient inclofed Lands for the Damage done thereto as the faid Commifiioners in their Judgment fhall think reafonable, and making fuch Recompence or Satisfaftion to the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Lands or Grounds any fuch Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Sluices, or other Works fhall be made, or who may be prejudiced thereby, or by means or in confequence thereof, or by any Inundation to be occafioned by any of the Matters aforefaid, for the Value of the Ground to be ufed for the Pur-pofes aforefaid, and which they the faid Commifiioners are hereby authorized to purchafe and accept a Conveyance of for the Purpofes of this Aft, and for all fuch other Damages which he, {he, or they fiiall thereby fuflain, as fiiall or may be agreed upon between the faid Commifiioners and the Owner or Owners, or the Perfon or Perfons who fiiall be prejudiced as aforefaid, and fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion fhail and may be raifed in the fame manner as the other Expences of executing this Aft, and {hail

be

1479

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

be paid by fuch Perfon and Perfons and in fuch Shares and Proportions a.s the faid Commifiioners fhall think juft and equitable, and fliall accordingly order and direCt, and fhall be made and accepted in full Satisfaction for the Value of fuch Lands, and for all fuch Damages as aforefaid ; and the faid Drains, Sewers, Sluices, and other Works, (hall be made of fuch Depth and Breadth and Dimenfions, and in fuch Directions, Manner and Form as the faid Commifiioners fhall think proper; and they fhall and may, and are hereby directed and required, in and by their faid Award, to order and determine by whom, at whofe Expence, in what Proportions, at what Time, and in what Manner the faid Brooks, Ditches,

Drains, Watercourfes, Tunnels, Sluices, Gates, Banks, and Bridges fhall be made, and afterwards cleanfed, fcoured, repaired, and maintained, and alfo to make fuch Orders and give fuch Directions for preferving, maintaining, and keeping the fame in good and fufficient Repair from thenceforth for ever thereafter, by fuch Perfon and Perfons, in fuch Manner as they the faid Commifiioners fhall judge to be necefiary or advifeable; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall obftruCt, injure, or damage any of the Works aforefaid, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid Division of Lindfey, (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion and In-clofure) who is and are hereby required to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the Amount of the Damage done to fuch Work, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, One-half of which Penalty fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half fhall be applied in repairing and maintaining fuch Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, or other Works ; and tor want of fufficient Diftrefs, fuch Offender or Offenders fhall by fuch Juftice or Juftices be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the faid Divifion, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months : Provided always that nothing in this ACt contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid Commifiioners, or any of the faid Proprietors, to rail'e or enlarge the Bank on the South Side of the River Eau to a greater Height or higher Level that the Height or Level of the Banks of the faid River Eau within the Parifh of Mefingham, fo that the Lands within the faid Parifh of Mejftngham lying on the North Side of the faid River Eau may not be flooded or overflowed by means of fuch Embankment in the faid Parifii of Scotter.

XLIV. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and m3y be lawful to Water m t and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby required when and let in to fo foon as they fhall have fet out and afeertained the feveral Allotments to be made to the faid refpeCtive Proprietors in purfuance of this ACt, to fpecify, afeertain, and diftinguifh what Part of the Lands and Grounds lying within the faid Parifii and Lordfhip, Townfhips, Hamlets or Places, as well ancient as new inclofed, are in their Opinion capable of receiving Improvement by flooding and overflowing the fame with the Waters of the River Trent, and to give public Notice thereof by Writing under their Hands in fuch Manner as Notices are by this Act directed to be given, and in and by their fard Award 01 ihftrumenr, or by any Writing

under

1480

4b* GEOilGII III. Cap, 8r.

under their Hands, in the mean Time to fe; forth the fame, and to make and eilablifh fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations for conducting fuch Flooding, in cafe the fame fliall be adopted by the Proprietors of fuch Lands in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; and to that End, it {bail and may be lawful for a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of any fuch Lands lying together, which (hall be deemed by the faid Commiflioners capable of fuch Improvement by Flooding, and fuch Majority of the faid Proprietors is hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times, by and with the Con-fent of the Arid CommiiTioners, until the execution of the faid Award, and under fuch Rules and Regulations as they fhall diredt, and from and after the execution thereof under fuch Regulations as fhall be contained in the faid Award, from Time to Time to make ufe of, fet open, and afterwards {hut any of the faid Sluices, and to make ufe of any of the faid Drains ancf other Works now made or hereafter to be made, for the Purpofe of overflowing as well their ancient Lands and Grounds as thofe which fhall be allotted to them by virtue of this A ft, with Water, and improving the fame with Trent Warp, or otherwife; and fuch Majority of the faid Proprietors is and are hereby empowered by any Writing under their Hands, to authorize and direct any fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall thereby appoint, to execute and complete all fuch Locks, Drains, Sewers, and other Works as fliall be necefiary for effe&ing fuch Floodings, and alfo to afcertain and determine the Proportion of the Expences thereof to be paid by each fuch Proprietor, having due regard to the Benefit he, fhe, or they is or are likely to derive therefrom ; and in cafe any fuch Proprietor {hall neglect or refufe to pay the fame when thereunto required by the Perfon or Perfons fo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, then the Share or Proportion of every fuch Proprietor fo refufing fhall be levied and reco-Further Re- vered in fuch Manner as dire&ed by the faid recited Act: Provided never-w°RS aS thelefs, that no fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be permitted to overflow his, to arpmg. jier^ or their Lands and Grounds with Water in Manner aforefaid, or to make ufe of any of the faid Sluices or Drains for the Purpofes aforefaid, until he, {he, or they fhall make fufficient interior Banks, Sluices, Tunnels, Cloughs, or other Works, and alfo enter into proper Security to the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners of Sewers a£ting for the Level and Parts wherein the faid Lands and Grounds are fituate, or any Six or more of them, for preventing any other Lands or Grounds from receiving any Damage by or in confequence of letting in fuch Water, and for fufficiently clean fing out and fecuring all and every the Drains to be made ufe of for the Purpofe of overflowing as aforefaid after each Seafon for Warping, and at other Times, when and as often as the fame fhall be thought ne-ceffary for the. Purpofes of Drainage ; and if any Damage fliall arife therefrom, then and in fuch cafe for making full and ample Satisfafiion for the fame, fuch Damages to be recoverable by the Perfon or Perfons injured or aggrieved by Action or Actions at Law or otheiwife, againft the Perfon or Perfons by whole Means fuch Damage fhall arife, with Treble Cofts,

For defraying XLV. And be it further enacted, That the reafonable Cofts, Charges, of'&Ad?** anc* ExPences °*	Commiflioners	hereby appointed, in and con-

* u ‘ cerning the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in them, and of the obtaining and palling this Att, and of the furveying, meafuring, dividing, draining, allotting, and improving the Lands and Grounds fo intended to be inclofed as aforefaid, and of furveying and valuing all the old Inclofures t6	and

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

and other Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh and Lordfliip, Tovvn-fhips, Hamlets, or Places refpeitively, and of making, preparing, executing, and enrolling the faid Award or Inftrument, and all other reafonable Charges and Expences occafioned by obtaining and by the execution of this or the faid recited Ait in refpeit to the faid Parifli of Scotler, up to the Time of executing the faid Commiffioners Award, fhail be borne and defrayed by all the Proprietors of Lands which fhail be allotted by virtue of the faid Award, or who (hall be entitled to any Lands or Eftates within the faid Townfhip which fhail be exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, or fhail be otherwife benefited by fuch Inclofure in refpeit of any Eftates therein (except the faid Dean and Chapter and their Leffee or LefTees, in refpeit of their Allotment for the Right of Soil, the faid Henry John Wol-lafion and Broxholm Brown, and their Succeffors Rectors as aforefaid, in refpeit of their Tythes, Glebe Lands, and Rights of Common in refpect thereof, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, and fuch Truftee or Truftees and their Succeffors refpectively as aforefaid), in fuch Shares and Proportions as fhail be fettled and determined by the laid Commifiioners ; and that all Charges and Expences which fhail arife fubfequent to the execution of the faid Commiffioners Award, refpeiting the future Reparation and Support of the faid Sewers, Banks, Sluices, and other Works to be made and ordered by the faid Commifiioners in purfuance of the Powers hereby vefted in them, fhail be borne and defrayed from thenceforth for ever thereafter by all fuch Proprietors as aforefaid, including the faid Dean and Chapter and their Leffee or LefTees, and the faid Henry John Wollajlon, and Broxholm Brown, and their Succeffors Rectors as aforefaid, in fuch Shares and Proportions as fhail be thought juft and equitable by the faid Commiffioners, and as fhail be let forth in their faid Award.

XLVI. And be it further enaited, That it fhail and may be lawful to and Exchanges for the faid Commifiioners to fei out, allot, and award any Lands, Tene- may be.made, menrs, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifli, Townfhips,

Hamlets, and Places, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifh, Townlhips,

Hamlets, and Places, or within any adjoining Parifli, Hamlet, Townfhip, or Place; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and be made with the Content in Writing of the Owner or Ow-ners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being ieifed of or entitled in PofTeffion to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhail be fo exchanged, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents, Ilfues, and Profits thereof, whether luch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, fhail be a Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or a Body or Bodies Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Fail General or Special, or by the C.ourtefy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees or Attomies of or ailing for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhail be refpeitively Infants; Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who fhail be beyond the Seas or otherwife diiabled to act for theinleives, himfeif, or her fell; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges io to be made, fhail be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatib-'	Per.]	17	C	*	ever:

148 2

Ex pence of Exchanges, ho v to be paid.

Proprietors and Agents

mvr^Ex-

penets.

Money advanced for obtaining this Ad to be firft paid with Intereft.

Money.

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

ever : Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange fhali be made of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Fcclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent (teftified as aforefaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of theDiocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenement*, and Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (hall lie or be fituate : Provided always, that the Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges, or Partitions, and the Enfran-chifements as aforefaid* (hall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, or requiring fuch Enfranchifements in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid CommiiTioners fhali order and direft.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and every the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fhali pay their own Expences when they or any of them fhali attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfuance of this and the faid recited Aft.

XLV1IT. And be it further enafted, That if any of the Proprietors, or any other Perfon or Perfons, fhali advance and pay any Money for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining and executing this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhali be repaid the fame, with lawful Intereft, out of the firft Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Aft.

XLIX. And be it further enafted. That it fhali and may be lawful to and for every Perfon and Perfons, who, after fuch Divifion and Inclofure to be made as aforefaid, fhali be Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of any of the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or of any Part thereof, and to and for the Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees, or Attornies of or for any of the faid Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, or beyond the Seas, or otherwife incapable to aft for themfelves, and to and for every of them, and to and for any of the faid Owners or Proprietors being Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for Years, not being at Rack Rent, or any other Contingencies, and to and for every of them refpeftively for the Time being, (except the faid Henry John Wol-iajion and the faid Broxholm Brown, and their Succefiors Reftors as aforefaid, and the feveral Perfons from whofe Allotments a Deduction fhali have been made as aforefaid) by and with the Confent of the faid Commiflioners in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, either before or after the execution of the faid Award, to charge the feveral Lands and Grounds which fhali be comprized in fuch refpeftive Allotments, or any Part thereof, with any Sum or Sums of Money, with lawful Intereft for the fame from the Time of fuch Charge being made, at the Difcretion of the faid Commiflioners, net exceeding Five Pounds for each Acre of Land and Ground fo to be allotted as aforefaid, and alfo for every Acre of old Inclofure exonerated from Tythes, to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhali nominate and appoint, in order to be applied and difpofed of for and towards paying and defraying the relpeftive Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending fuch Divifion and Inclofure as aforefaid, and of obtaining this Aft and executing the fame, and for making the Subdivifion Fences of the feveral Allotments, and for fecuring the Repayment of the faid Sum or Sums of Money, 5	with

1483

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap.. Si.

with Interefl, either before or after the execution of the faid Award, and as well before as after, to grant, mortgage, leafe, or demife the Lands and Grounds fo to be charged therewith unto any Perfon or Perfons who (hall lend and advance the fame refpe&ively for any Term or Number of Years, fo as every fuch Grant or Demife be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void when fuch Sum and Sums of Money thereby fecured,. with the Interefl thereof, as aforefaid, fhall be paid and fatisfied, and fo as in every fuch Grant or Demife to be made by any Perfon or Perfons entitled only as Tenants in Tail or for Life or Lives or Years, or upon any other Contingency, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interefl of the Money thereby to be fecured during his, her, or their refpedlive Life or Lives, or for fo long as he, fhe, or they fhall continue feifed of fuch Allotment or Allotments refpeftively, fo that no Perfon afterwards becoming poffeffed of or entitled to fuch Lands or Grounds fo to be charged with any Sum or Sums of Money, as aforefaid, fhall be liable to pay any further or longer Arrear of Interefl than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to fuch Poffeflion fhall have commenced ; or otherwife it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to be attefled by Two or more credible Witneffes, at the Requefl of fuch of the faid Owners and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives or Years, or upon any other Contingencies, who fhall refpe&ively pay and difcharge his, her, and their proportionable Part of the Charges and Expences aforefaid, to authorize and empower fuch Owners and Proprietors, any or either of them, making fuch Requefl, to charge and fubjedl the Lands and Grounds fo to be allotted to fuch Owners or Proprietors thereof refpectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners fhall think juft and reafonable, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, with Interefl for the fame, as aforefaid ; which Sum or Sums of Money, fo to be charged as aforefaid, fhall be paid within One Year next after the Deceafe of every fuch Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other Contingency refpeclively, with Interefl thereof, to be computed from his, her, or their refpeftive Deceafe, to fuch Peifon or Perfons as fuch refpe&ive Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives or Years, or other Contingency, fhall refpeClively by Deed or Will duly executed and attefled, direct and appoint, and in Default thereof to his, her, or their Executors or Ad mini lira tors ; and every fuch Grant, Leafe, Mortgage, Appointment, and Demife, or Charge by Deed or Will as aforefaid, fhall be good, valid, and effe&ual in the Law for the Purpofes thereby intended and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuch Grant, Mortgage, Charge, or Demife fhall be made by virtue of this Adi, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, or who fhall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, fhall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Prefence of Two or more credible Witneffes, affign or transfer the fame Security or Securities, or the Principal Money and the Interefl thereby fecured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interefl of, in, and to the fame, unto any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, who may again in like manner affign the fame,, and lo often as the cafe fhall happen ; and fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Affignee or Affignees, his, her, or their Executors or Adminiftrators, and all Perfons claiming under them or any of them, fhall and may ufe, take, and purfue all fuch lawful Methods, Courfes and Expedients, in Law or Equity,, for recovering and obtaining the Poffeffion of the Premifes fo to be mortgaged.

t48+	4S° GEORGII III. Cap. St.

gaged, charged, demifed, or affigned as aforefaid, in cafe of Non-payment of the Principal Money and lmereft to be thereby fecured, or any part thereof, as is or are ufed, taken, and purfuedin all Cafes of the like Natu: a: Provided, that noihing herein contained (hall authorize or empower thefaid Francis Edward Mor ley, or the Leffee or Leflfees of the laid Dean and Chapter for the Time being, to make any Mortgage, Demife, or Charge which lhall have Effect beyond the Duration of his, her or their fublifting Leafe or Leafes.

For keeping L. And be it further enabled, That the Proprietors of the Lands and Mown the In- Grounds fo to be charged with any Sum or Sums of Money, (hall duly pay " r' and keep down the Intereft thereof during their respective Lives, arid that no Perfon becoming pofleffed of fuch Lands and Grounds afterwards (hall be liable to pay any Arrear of Intereft: further than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to fuch Pofleflion lhall have commenced, but that all Arrears above One Year before the Death of any fuch Proprietor, lhall be paid by the Executors or Adminiffrators of fuch Perfon fo dying, in courfe of Adminilf ration.

Perhuis neo- LI. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons by le&ingto b whom any Roads, Hedges, Fences, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourfes, keep T" nc •?, Sewers, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, or other Works and Improvements, lhall be f-m Re- ordered or directed by the faid Commiffioners to be maintained, cleanfed, ‘	and kept in Repair, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, lhall negleft

or refufe to maintain, cleanfe, and keep in Repair the fame, or any Part thereof, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice given by the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved of any Default therein, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons who lhall be damaged or aggrieved thereby to make Complaint thereof upon Oath or Alfiimation before any One Juftice of the Peace acting in and for the faid Divifion of Lindfey (not interefted in the Matter in Queffion) who is hereby authorized and required to adminilter fuch Oath or Affirmation, and to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Complaint in a fummary Way, and for that Purpofe to fummon the Party or Parties fo accufed, or upon his, her, or theii Neglect or Refufal to appear (except for fome reasonable Excufe) to examine Witnefles upon Oath or Affirmation, and thereupon to give Judgment accordingly, and condemn the Party or Parties accufed in fuch Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time (not exceeding at any one Time the Sum of Five Pounds) as the faid Jultice lhall think juft arid reasonable, and thereupon to iftue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch-Penalty or Penalties to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with reafoaable Colls, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner cr Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, which Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, when fo recovered, lhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons fo damaged or aggrieved as aforefaid.

Watercourfes LIT. And, for the better enabling the faid Commiffioners to accom-may be	modate and furnilh any of the new Allotments of the faid Proprietors

turned.	wjth Water, where the fame lhall in their Judgment be wanted ; Be it

further enabled, That it lhall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners to riiredf, order, and award all Streams of Water, and Springs and Water-courfes within the faid Parilh of Scatter, to be carried and conveyed in

fuch

i485

48° GEORGII til. Cap. 81.

fuch Courfes, and through fuch Lands and Grounds, Parcel of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be inclofed, as they in their Difcretion lhall think neceflary and proper for the Purpofes aforefaid fo as not to prejudice any other Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Benefit of any fuch Stream of Water, Spring, or Watercourfe: Provided always, that no Brook or Stream of Water lhall be diverted or turned without the Con-fent of the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of the Lands and Grounds from which any fuch Brook or Stream {hall be diverted, and into which any fuch Brook or Stream (hall be turned.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Banks of How the the River Trent, fronting the ancient Inclofures in the faid Parifh of	the

Scottcr, fhall continue to be maintained and repaired by the fame Perfon are to bc re_ and Perfons as are liable thereto at the Time of the palling of this Aft; paired, and that fuch Part of the faid Banks as lieth oppofite to each Allotment to be made by virtue of this Aft adjoining or immediately oppofite to the faid Bank, lhall, from and after the making of fuch Allotments, be maintained and repaired by the refpeftive Owner or Owners of the faid Allotments ; but that all the Roads lying upon the faid Banks, or between the fame Banks and Allotments and old Inclofures refpeftively, lhall, from and after the making of fuch Allotments, be maintained and repaired by the Surveyors of the Highways in the Townlhip of Scotter aforefaid.

LIV. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners lhall in Dire&mjr to and by their Award, to be made and executed in the Manner directed in wI,at Town-and by the faid recited Aft, afeertain, fpecify, and declare w-hat Part and Proportion of the general, public, and private Roads to be fet out, in, e °"s* through, over, and along the faid Lands and Grounds intended by this Aft to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, lhall be deemed to be within and lhall be for ever thereafter maintained and repaired by the Hamlet or Place of Scotterthorpe aforefaid ; and that the Refidue and Remainder of fuch public and private Roads lhall be deemed to be within and lhall be for ever thereafter maintained and repaired by the faid Townlhip of Scotter, and the refpeftive Hamlets thereof (except the faid Hamlet or Place of Scotterthorpe') ; and the faid Commiflioners lhall alfo in and by their faid Award, afeertain, fpecify, and declare what Part and Proportion of the faid Lands and Grounds intended by this Aft to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, lhall be deemed to be within the Hamlet of Scotterthorpe aforefaid, and that the Reft, Refidue, and Remainder thereof lhall be deemed to be within the faid Townlhip of Scotter, and the refpeftive Hamlets thereof (except the faid Hamlet of Scotterthorpe) ; and that the faid Award, when made and completed, lhall within Six Calendar Months after the execution thereof, be enrolled in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, and when fo enrolled, lhall be depofited in the Parilh Church of Scottcr aforefaid.

LV. And be it further enafted, That once at leaft in each and every Commiffion-Year during the execution of this Aft, the faid Commiflioners lhall and e[8 toAlay they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of before all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for a Jurtice their owrn Trouble or Expences in the execution of this and the faid once a Year, recited Aft, and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, lhall be by them the faid Commif-

[.Loc. b5 Per.']	17	D	fioners

i486	48* GEORGII III. Cup. 81.

fioners laid before Gervas Woodhoufe, of Owjion Place in the County of Lincoln, Efquire (being One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindfey, in the faid County of Lincoln) or in cafe of his Death or Refufal to aft, before fuch other Perfon, being One of His Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid Divifion of Lindfey (not interefted in the faid Divifion or Inclofure) as fhall be mutually agreed upon between the Majority in Value of the faid Proprietors who may be prefent at a Meeting for that Purpofe, or their Agents deputed by them for that Purpofe, and the Hid Commiffioners, to be examined and balanced ; and fuch Balance fhall be by the faid Gervas Woodhoufe, or fuch Magiflrate, Hated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners ; and no Charge or Item in fuch Account of the faid Commiffioners fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by the faid Gervas Woodhoufe, or fuch Magiflrate.

LVf. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for ^rieved * a* anY Perf°n or Perfons who fhall think hiinfelf, herfelf, or themfelves ag-appealtcTthe Sr*eve^ by an)’ Thing done by virtue of this and the faid recited Aft Quarter Sef. (except in fuch Cafes where the Orders and Determinations of the faid fious.	Commiffioners are herein or by the faid recited Aft declared to be final,

binding, and, conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes wherein an IfTue at Law fhall be tried as hereinbefore mentioned) to appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be holden at Kerton in Lindfey aforefaid, or any Adjournment thereof, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, firfl giving or caufing to be given Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Com-miffioners, or One of them, or to the Parties intended to be appealed againfl; and the Juftices at their faid General Quarter Seffions, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Colls as to them in their Difcretion fhall feetn meet, and by their Warrant to levy the Cofts fo awarded, by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Parties refpectively adjudged to. pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the refpeftive Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dcdlifting the reafonable Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale ; and every Determination of the faid Juitices fhall be final and conclufive on all Parties concerned ; and no fuch Complaint, Appeal, or Proceeding, fhall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majelly’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or elfewhere.

I,VII. Saving always to the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, his Heirs General	and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon or PerJoas, Bodies

Saving.	Politic and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Execu-

tors and Adminiflrators, all fuch Eflate, Right, Title, and Interefl (other than and except fuch as are hereby intended to be barred, destroyed, or extinguiffied) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to or out of or in refpeft of the faid Lands, Grounds and Preiniics fo directed to be. divided, allotted and inclofed or exchanged as aforefaid before the puffing of this Aft, or could or might have had or enjoyed in,cafe the lame had. never been made.

LVIil. And

480 GEORGI1 III. Cap. 81.	1487

LV1II. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fliall be printed by the Aft to be Printer to the King’s Moil Excellent Majelty; and a Copy thereof, fo printed, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and Pn„te'”s ‘ others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.



•dl>'

■

; , ■ ■■■

■	*	-	[f	■

HUM-} I '«>



w 4

<X

O

v

Wf	fV	Kit	)	•ml	J-i	«,»•

f Ihftt ;(l



o

»(• ’

'

\ »

v,*	•	.

-

.-■ '	'«	V<L	#»!»-'•	•	1	!i	mi

I*

‘





’



/

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 82.

An A£t for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Rothbury, in the County of Northumberland.

[27th May 1808.]

WHFREAS there is within the Parifh of Rothbury in the County of Northumberland a Common Moor or Wafte, containing by Eftimation Four hundred Acres or thereabouts, commonly called or known by the Name of Cbirnells Common: And whereas the Mod Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland is Lord of the Barony or Manor of Rothbury in the County of Northumberland aforefaid, and as fuch claims to be feifed of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties of, within, and under the faid Common Moor or Wafte, as Part and Parcel of his faid Barony or Manor of Rothbury: And whereas George Bur don, Adam Atkinfon, Efquires, and feveral other Perfons, are feifed and poflefled of divers MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Townfhipof Rothbury, within the faid Parifh of Rothbury, and in refpect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Leflees, Faimers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon 1 wo Third Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wafte: And whereas Edward Pringle, the Reprelentative of Elizabeth Harrifon, Widow, decealed, and feveral other Perfons, are feifed and poflefled of divers Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town-flu p of Snifter within the faid Parifh of Rothbury, and in refpect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lef-fets, Farmers, or Tenants, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the remaining One Third Part of the faid Common Moor or Watte: And whereas the faid Common Moor or Wafte [Loc & Per. J	17	E	in

*49°

4$° G E O R G11 III. Cap. 82.

in its prefent State is oflittle Ufe or Advantage, but confiderable Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the feveral Perfons entitled to ftich Right of Common as aforefaid are willing and defirous that the faid Common Moor or Wade, with the Confent of the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, fliould be divided and allotted by CommifTioners in that behalf to be appointed amongft the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland and the feveral other Perfons entitled to Right of Common thereon, or orherwife interefted therein respectively; which Divifion will be advantageous to all the Parties interefted therein respectively, and tend to the Improvement of their refpective Eftates : But the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That William Bates the elder, of Cbollerton in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and John Dinning, of Newlands in the laid County of Northumberland, Gentleman, Shall be and they are hereby appoinred CommifTioners for S tring out, dividing, and allotting the faid Common Moor or Walk, and for putting this Act in Execution in fuch Manner and fubject to fuch Regulations as are hereinafter contained, and with Sexten^o	^	^owers	anc^	*u^ject:	co fuch of the Rules, Orders, Directions,

shis Adi. Authorities, Regulations, Reftrictions, and Provisions, contained in an Act, palled in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for confolidaiivg in One Act certain Provijions ufually injerted in Acts cf Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Facts ufually required on the faffing of fuch Acts, as arc not contcouled by or repugnant to any of the Claules, Rrovifions, and Regulations contained in this Act.

Thechoofing II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Corn-new Com- miftioners hereby appointed, or either of them, Shall die, or Shall ne-miiSwners. gleet to act ior the Space of Three Callendar Months, when Occafion Shall require rheir Attendance on the Bufinefs hereby committed to their Charge, or fhall refufe to act, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sicknefs or any other Caufe whatfoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vefted in them fhall be carried into Execution, a new Commifiioner or Commiffioners fhall and may be nominated and appointed in the Place or Places of him or them fo dying, neglecting, or refufing to act, or rendered incapable as aforefaid, in Manner following; (that is to fay) in cafe the faid William Bates fhall die, negleft, or refufe or become incapable to a£t as aforefaid, the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or the Lord of the faid Barony or Manor for the Time being Shall and may, by any Inftrument in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not being beneficially interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perfon fo interefted) to be a Com-mifTioner in the Room of the faid William Bates ; and in cafe the faid John Dinning fhall die, neglect, or refufe or become incapable to act as aforefaid, the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte hereby intended to ixe divided, or their refpective Agents, prefent at a Meeting to be

holden

CommiGon-€rs’ Names.

The Provisions of the

149*

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

■holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting Notice (hail be given by any Two or more of fuch Proprietors and Owners, or their refpective Agents, or by the other Commifiioner for putting this Aft into Execution, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parilh Church of Rothbury aforefaid, and alfo caufing the lame to be inferted in the NewcaJlle~upon Tyne Courant Newlpaper, or, if that Ncwfpaper (hall not then be publilhed, in fome other Newfpaper generally circulated in the County of Northumberland, Ten Days at leaft before fuch Meeting, (hall and may, by any Inftrument in Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not being beneficially interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perfon fo interefted) to be a Commifiioner in the Room of the faid John Dinning \ and in cafe of the Death of any Perfon fo to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commifiioner as aforefaid, or of his Neglect or Refufal to a<ft, or becoming incapable of acting as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate refpectively by whom fuch Commifiioner is authorized to be appointed, their refpective Heirs, Succeffors, Agents, or Afiigns, (hall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commifiioner in his Room, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy (hall happen by fuch Death, Neglect, Refufal, or Incapacity of every fuch new Commif-fioner or Commifiioners fo to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, and every Perfon who (hall be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, fhall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Acc into Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Com-miflioner in and by this Act; which faid feveral lnftruments of Nomination and Appointment (hall be inrolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof given in the fame Manner as in and by the faid Act and this Act is directed concerning the general Award to be made by the faid Commifiioners.

III. And, for the more effectually obviating and preventing any In* How Differ-convenience or Delay which might otherwile happen or be occafioned ences be-in the Proceeding* of the faid Commifiioners, by Reafon of any Differ- tween .thc ence in Opinion between them touching or concerning any Matter or frs^^be Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this A<51, or any Point or fettled. Points, Queftion or Queftions arifing out of or relating thereto ; Be it further enacted, That if any Difference of Opinion (hall happen to arife between the Commifiioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this Ad, or any Point or Points, Queftion or Queftions arifing out of or relating thereto, then, and as often as the Cafe fhall fo happen, all and every fuch Matters or Things, or Points or Queftions refpectively upon ' which there (hall be any fuch Difference in Opinion between the laid Commifiioners as aforefaid, fhall be referred by the faid Commifiioners, by Writing under their Hands, to fome difinterefted and fkilful Perfon, whom it (hall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to nominate and appoint, by Writing tinder their Hands for that Purpofe fronri Time to Time, and as often as they (hall think neceffary, to determine all and every fuch Matters or Things, and Points or Queftions rel'pectiveiy as aforefaid j and the Determination of every fuch Perfon fo to be appointed, to be expreffed in Writing under his Hand, (hall be and fhall be taken and deemed by the faid Commifiioners as conclufive and binding

1492

Surveys to!

"Surveyor take an •Oath.

Surveyor’s

•,Oath.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

ing upon them, as to all and every the Matters or Things, or Points or Queftions To rtfpectivelv referred to hi> Determination as aforefaid, to the Intent that the faid CommifTioners may be thereby enabled to •proceed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and to make their general Award as hereinafter directed, notwithftandmg any fuch Difference in Opinion between them as aforefaid ; and every fuch Perfon to to be appointed for the Purpofe aforefaid fhall take and fubferibe fuch or a fimilar Oath, to be adminiftered by the faid CommifTioners, or One of them, as by the faid Act of the Forty-firft Year of the prefent Reign is directed to be taken by CommifTioners, and fhall have and is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as by the faid Act and this prefent Act are given to the CommifTioners hereby appointed, but fo neverthelefs as that any fuch Perfon fhall not be empowered to act for any other Purpofe than the determining of fuch Matters as may be fo referred to him as aforefaid v and every fuch Perfon fhall be paid fuch Sum and Sums of Money, as a Compenfation for his Trouble in determining the Matters fo to be referred to him as aforefaid, as the faid CommifTioners fhall think reafonable, and which Sums of Money the laid CommifTioners are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies hereinafter directed to be raiied for carrying this Act into Execution.

e IV. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Admeafurements fhall be taken, and fair Plans made of the faid Common Moor or Watte fo intended to be divided and allotted, fomeTime before the Fiift Day of Januarc One thoufand Eight hundred and Nine, or as foon after as conveniently m y be, by John Bell, of the Town and County of Newcajlle upon-Tyne Land Surveyor j or in cafe of ihe Death, or Neglect, Rcfufal, or Incapacity by Sicknefs, or any other Caule wh tloever, of him the faid John Bell for the Space of Three Calender Months, when cccafion fhall require his Attendance on the Bufinefs of taking and making luch Surveys or Ad neafure-ments.and Pi ns, then the fame fhall be made and taken by fuch other fit and proper Perfon, being an experienced Surveyor of Land, not -beneficially interefted in the faid Divifion, nor an Agent to any Perfon fo interefted, as the CommifTioners for the Time being fhall, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time nominate and appoint.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perlons fhall be capable of acting as Surveyor as aforefaid until he fhall have taken and fubferibed before the faid CommifTioners, or one of them, an Oath in the Form following ; (that is to fay,)

< f A. B. do fwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly

< * act according to the beft of my Skill and Judgment in furveying ‘ and admeafuring the Common Moor or Watte intended to be « d'vided and inclofed by virtue of an Act, patted in the Forty-eighth « Year of the Reign of His Majefly King George the Third, in-‘ tituled [here fet forth the Title of this /Jet] and in making true Maps * or Plans thereof, to be laid before the CommifTioners for putting

<	the faid Act into execution,

« So help me GOD.’

Which

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 82.'	1493

Which Oath the laid Commiflioners, or one of them, are and is here- How to be by authorized and required to adminider when and as often as occa- adminiftered. fion (hall require j which Oath, and alio the Indrument and Inftru-ments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, (hall be reflectively in-rolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof given in the fame Manner as by the faid Act and this Act is directed concerning the general Award to be made by the faid CommifTioners.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the Surveys or Admeafure- Chargetob# ments, including all necefiary Re-furveys and all Plans (except the Paid Sur* fair Plan upon Vellum hereinafter particularly mentioned), (hall be 'c}ror* paid for at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre of Land which (hall be furveyed, admeafured, and planned in purfuance of this Act ■, and the faid Surveyor (hall at all Times bear and pay his own Expences j and in cafe of the Death of any fuch Surveyor, before fuch Surveys, Admeafurements, and Plans as afore-faid (hall be finiflied, then and in every fuch Cafe the Executors or Adminiftrators of every fuch Surveyor fo dying (hall be paid after the Rate of Four Pence per Acre for each and every Acre which (hall have been once only furveyed, and Sixpence per Acre for each and every Acre that (hall have been furveyed more than once, and for fetting out the Allotments, attending the Commiflioners, and executing fuch other Bufinefs as (hall necelfarily have been done by the faid Surveyor, relative to the faid Divifion, at and after the Rate of Two Guineas for every Day in which he (hall have been fo employed.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Surveyor (hall, after Surveyors to the faid Divifion and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended make a PIan to be hereby divided and enclofed (hall be completed, make a fair VellomolE Plan upon Vellum of all the faid Lands and Grounds intended to be Common, hereby divided and allotted, whereon refpectively (hall be truly and and their didinctly delineated, fet down, marked, and exprefled the feveral Mat- jrharB8 {or ters and Things necelfary or proper to be inferted therein, for the bet- ame*

ter explaning the Award of the faid Commiflioners ; and for which fair Plan fo to be made as aforefaid, the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds (hall be paid, and no more.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Inclofures and Encroach- Encroach-ments which have been taken from the faid Common Moor or Wade ments, ex-(fave and except fuch as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed ccPt thofc for the fpace of Twenty-one Years lad pad, or upwards, without any for Interruption or Payment of any Acknowledgement) (hall be deemed Years, to "be Part and Parcel of the faid Common Moor or Wade fo to be divided} deemed Part and in cafe any Difference or Difpute (hall arife touching any fuch inclofures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the (aid t0 e Ivide ‘ Common Moor or Wade, fuch Differences or Difputes (hall be examined inio and determined by the faid CommifTioners.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners (hall Commiflion-and they are hereby required to caufe Notice, in Wriring under ers to give their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parifli Notice of Church of Rotbbury aforefaid, and alfo to be inferted in the Newcajite- Secondhand upon-Tyne Courant or lome other News-paper publifhed at Newcaflle- Third Meet.

| Loc. fsf Per. j	17	F	upon-	ings;

*494

and ttieir iubftrquent Meetings.

Power to ad ■

journ fuch Meetings.

If only One Commifiion-er prefent he

giving Eight

Days Notice to the other Ctimmif-

Commiffion-mine° Differ-

Power to try •iifputed

48° GEORGII in. Cap, 82,

iipori-'Tyne aforefaid, of the Time and Place of their Firft, Second, and Third Meetings refpectivelv which (hall be holden at fome convenient Place within the PariQi of Rothbury aforefaid for putting this Act in execution, at lead Ten Days next before fuch refpective Meetings; and that the Taid Commiffioners (hall and may, afrer their laid Third Meeting, from Time to Time appoint fuch Time and Place for every fuch fubfequent Meeting as they (hall think proper, caufing a Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parilh Church of Rothbury aforefaid Eight Days at leaft before ■every fuch fubfequent Meeting-, but the (aid Commiffi ners, at the Firft, Second or Third Meetings, or any other fubfequent Meeting or Meetings, fhall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time as they fhall think it convenient to continue fuch Firft, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other fubfequent Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, for the due execution of this Act, without giving any Notice -whatfoever of fuch Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, otherwife than by leaving, at the Time and Place when and where the Meeting or Meetings (hall be held at which any fuch Adjournment or Adjournments (hall be made as aforefaid, Notice under their Hands when and where fuch adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time ; provided that all the Meetings of the faid Commiffioricrs fhall be held in the Parilli of Rothbury aforefaid, or within the Dift-.ance of Eight Miles therefrom.

X.	Provided always. That if it (hall happen that no more than one of the faid Commiffioncrs (hall attend at any Meeting or Meetings as arorefaid to be. holden purfuant to this Act, fuch Commiffioner may, and he hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn fuch Meeting or Meetings refpecrively to iuch Time, not exceeding Eight Days, as he (hall fee molt convenient, giving due Notice thereof^in Writing to the other of the faid Commilfioncrs.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall happen to ari'e between the Parties that now are or fhall, before the making of the Award hereinafter mentioned, be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, or any of them, touching or concerning the refpective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them fhall claim in the faid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and incloled as aforefaid, or touching or concerning the refpective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the laid intended Divifion and Inclofure, it fhall ami may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame -, provided that nothing herein contained (hall authorize the (aid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any Meffuage, Lands, or Hereditaments.

XII.	Provided always, and be it it further enacted, That if any Perfun or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any fuch Claim or Claims, lhill be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioners, and (hall be defirous of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefts refpectivelv tried at

Law i

H95

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Law ; and the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fo defirous to have the fame tried at Law, fliall and do, by themfclves or their refpedtive Stewards, Receivers, Attorneys, or Agents, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Determination (hall have been fo made by the faid Commiflioners, and Notice thereof in Writing given to fuch Claimant or Cbimants, Objector or Objectors, or his, her, or their refpective Stewards, Receivers, Attorneys, or Agents, give or caofe to be given Notice in Writing to the faid Commif-fioners, or either of them, of his, her, or their Defire of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefts refpectively tried at Law (of which Notice the laid Commiflioners are hereby required immediately on receipt thereof, or as foon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverfe Party or Parties, or his, her, or their refpective Stewards, Receiveis, Attorneys, or Agents, by Writing tinder their refpective Hands to be delivered to or left at the ufuai Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attorneys, or Agents as aforefaid) j then, but not afterwards, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate giving luch Notice as aforefaid, their refpective Heirs, Succeffors, or AlTigns, and he, lhe, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at L’.w of the fame, at the Affizes to be holden for the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that purpofe to be commenced in His Majefty’s Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Weftminfter by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, againft; the Lord of the faid Barony or Manor of Rothbury, or any Perfon or Perfons, Bfdy or Bodies Politic or Corporate interefted in the faid Divifion, who (hall make fuch Objection or Objections refpectively within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Notice fhall be given to the faid Commiflioners as aforelaid ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Actions fhall forthwith name an Attorney or Attorneys, who fhall file Common Bail, or appear and accept one or more Iflfue or IfiTues, whereby all fuch Claim or Claims and Rights and interefts may be propnly tried and determined (fuch Iffue or lfiues to be ftttled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch Action fhall be brought, if the Parties fhall differ about the fame) ; and the Verdict or Verdicts which fhall be given in the faid Action or Actions (hall be final and conclufive to all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Perfons whomioever ; and after any Verdict or Verdicts fhall have been obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the Did Commiflioners fhall and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for the Court in which any fuch Action commenced in purluance of this Act fhall be depending, upon fufficient Caufe (hewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Action, or to award a new Trial therein although the Time hereinbefore limited for the Trial of fuch Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no luch Action or Actions at Law fhall be brought or commenced by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate giving fuch Notice within the Time aforefaid, or if fuch Action or Actions fhall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the firft Affizes which fhall be holden for the faid County of Northumberland, after the h jc-piration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving luch Notice, by or on account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

therein,

1496

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

therein, then and in fuch Cafe the Determination of the Commiffioners lhall be final, binding, and conclufive unto and upon all Parties whomloever.

Aflions not XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the to abate by Parties, in any Action or Actions to be brought and profecuted in pur-the Party* °* ^uance this Act, fhall die pending the lame, fuch Action or Actions fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Evenc had happened.

Commifllon- XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the faid Colls*	Commiffioners	fhall, and they are hereby empowered, at their difere-

tion, upon Requeft made to them by all or any of the Parties in whole favour they fhall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge fuch Cods and Charges as they fhall think reafonable, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Paity or Parties, upon or againfl the Perfon or PeTons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, wbofe Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Complaint or Complaints fhall be thereby difal-lowed, as the Cafe fhall happen j and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners, to levy fuch Cods and Charges by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of iuch iad ment oned Perfon or Perfons, together with the Charges of Iuch Didrefs and Sale j and in cafe there fhall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the fame, or in cafe a Body Corporate is to pay fuch Cods, then and in either of fuch Cafes it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons in whofe favour fuch Cods fhall be awarded, to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt or on the Cafe, in which Action it fhall be fufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum fpecified in the Order of Adjudication, made by the faid Commiffioners, and in confequence of Iuch Order of Adjudication, without letting forth any other of the Proceedings therein nad.

Com million- XV. And for preventing all Difputes and Differences which may arife rniVe°to what touching the Repairs of the public Highways and Roads which fhall Townlhips be fee out and appointed in purfuance of this Act, or of the faid Act Roads lhall of the Forty -fird Year aforefaid j Be it further enacted. That the faid belong. Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required co determine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the laid Highways and Roads fo to be fee out and appointed, fhall or do belong to any Townfhips or Quarters refpectivcly; and the faid Commiffioners lhall, in and by their general Award, order and direct by what Townfhips or Quarters refpectively fuch Highways and Roads fhall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair * and the Owners and Occupiers for the Time being in each of fuch Townfhips or Quarters relpectivcly lhall from and after the Execution of the general Award of the faid Commiffioners maintain, amend, and keep fuch reipretive public Highways and Roads in Repair as fhall be fo determined and adjudged to belong to fuch Townlhips or Quarters refpectively, in the fame manner as ancient and common public Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

Commiulon- XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the neceffary Roads Part°o/theUt anc* Highways as aforelaid fhall have been deducted, it lhall and may

be

48” GEORG 11 III. Cap. 82.	1497

be-iawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby autho- Common to rized, empowered, and required, an foon as conveniently may be, to ap- J**]^,*’ propriate, mark, and fet out, by proper Stakes or Land-marks, fo much and fuch Parc or Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wafte as to them fhall feem competent, necefiarv, and lufficienr to be fold as hereinafter mentioned ; which Part or Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wade fo to be appropriated, marked, and fet out to be fold, fhall be inclofed, at the Expence of the Purchafer or Purchasers thereof, by a Boundary Fence or Ditch to be made round the Outfide thereof, according to the Order of the laid Commifiioners, and fhall be difpoftd of in fuch Way and Manner as hereinafter is directed.

XVII.	And as to fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the faid ^a"r‘|stofijJe Common Moor or Wafle as fhall be appropriated, marked, and let f0yr\obe out to be fold by the faid Commifiioners, in purfuance of the Direc- difpoied of •tions herein contained ; Be it further enacted, That the laid Com- by public mifiioners fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as foon Au^10n-as may be after the fame fhall be appropriated, marked, and fee out as aforefaid, and at fuch convenient Times and Places as to them fhall

feem meet, to caufe all fuch Parc and Parts of the laid Common Moor or Wafle as fhall he fo appropriated, marked, and fet out to be fold as aforefaid, to be put up to public Sale or Auction, in fuch Lots or Parcels as to them fhall feem fit and expedient; and the fame fhali be accordingly fold and difpoied of in fuch Way and Manner, and under and fubject to fuch Directions as are contained in the faid Act of the Forty-full Year of the prefent Reign ; and upon Payment to the laid Commifiioners of the Purchafe Money for which the fame (hill be fo Fold, the faid Commifiioners fhall, in and by their general Award, allot and appoint the Part or Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wafle,

■which lhall be fo fold as aforefaid, unto the refpective Purchafers •thereof, or unto fuch Perfon or Perlons as he, lhe, or they lhall refpectively direct j and all and every fuch Part and Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wafle as fhail be fo fold, allotted, and appointed as aforefaid, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, fhall, from and immediately after rhe Execution of the faid general Award of the faid Commifrioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in che Pcrlon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall be fo allotted and appointed, and his, her, and their Heirs and Afiigns, for ever (lave and except as to the Mines, Minerals and Quarries, and other Royalties and Rights of, within, under through, over and along the fame, which are hereinafter exprefsly referved to the Lord of the faid Barony or Manor of Rctbbury), and the fame fhall be deemed to be and continue within and to be held of che laid Barony or Manor of Rotbbwy> and lhall be held in the fame manner, and be fubject and entitled to all fuch Orders, Directions, Charges, Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Exceptions, as the other Allotments to be made in refpect of Common Rights upon the laid Common iVloor or Watte ihall and may be held and be lubject and entitled to refpectively by virtue of this Act.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the faid Commillion. Commilhoners fhall determine and adjudge to what Townfhips or Quar- ers 10 aecer-ters refpectively fuch Parc or Parts of the faid Common Moor or mine 10 whst Wafle as lhall lo be fold lhall belong, having a due regard to the Pro- ^Pa^cTof

££«■* iS I er.J	17	G portion the Common

"149^

Which (hall be fold (hall belong.

Money arif-ing from Sale of the Common to be applied for paying Ex-pences of Divifion.

Applications of Surplus Money.

Parties inte-jeftcd may pay Money inilead of Lands being fold.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

portion and Value of the feveral Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in fuch Townlhip, Quarter, or Place refpectively having Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Waite; and fuch Determination and Adjudication fhall be final and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes; and luch Part or Parts as fhall be fo fold, fhall be accordingly allotted and awarded to lie in fuch I ownfhips or Quarters refpectively ; and that from and immediately after the Execution of the general Award of the Commifiioners, all and every the laid Part or Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wafte which fhall be fo fold as aforefaid, fhall and the lame are hereby declared and enacted to be and lie within, and (hall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of fuch feveral Townlhips or Quarters refpectively as the fame fhall be fo appointed and awarded to lie in as aforefaid, to and for all Intents and Purpofes.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the Monies which fhall arife by or from fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid, fhall be appropriated and applied by the faid Commifiioners acting under this A<5t (fo far as the fame will extend) in and towards the Payment of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending, or which may be occafioned by the laid intended Divifion of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, and of fetting out, making, forming, erecting, cutting, and opening the Highways, Roads, Bridges, Drains, and Watercourfes which the laid Commifiioners fhall direct to be made or let out. or in anywife relating thereto.

XX.	Provided always. That in cafe more Money (hall be produced by fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid than will be required to defray the Charges and Expences hereinbefore directed to be railed by fuch Sale or Sales, then and in luch Cafe the Surplus Money fhall be divided and apportioned between the Owners of the feveral Allotments to be fet out in purfuance of this Act, or fuch of them, and in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commifiioners fhall think proper-, and the Shares of fuch of them as fiiall be Tenants of their refpective Allotments in Fee Simple (ball be paid to them refpectively,and the Shares of fuch other Perfons of and in fuch Surplus Money fhall be applied and difpofed of in Manner directed by the laid Act, in thofe ^ales wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ules.

XXI.	Provided always, That in all Cafes where any of the Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate interefted in any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Wafte fiiall be minted and defirous of paying their refpective Share of the faid Expences in Money inftead of Juftaining a Lofs of Land in their relpective Allotments, and fhall and do, at the Firft or Second Meeting of the faid Commifiioners for receiving Claims of Right of Common under this Act, give Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Commifiioners, of fuch their Mind and Defire, that then and in every fuch Cafe the Share or refpective Shares, of the Party or Parties fo giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, of and in ail luch Expences, fhall be paid and defrayed in Money by fuch Party or

Parties

1499

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Parties reflectively, in fuch Manner and at fuch Time or Times, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners fhall by Writing under their Hands order, direct, and appoint; and in all Cafes where any fuch Payment or Payments in Money fhall be fo made as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners, in fetting out the Allotment or Allotments, or the Party or Parties making fuch Payment or Payments, fhall have regard to the Amount of fuch Payment and Payments refpectively in af-certaining the Share and Proportion of the faid Common Moor or Wafte fo to be let out and allotted to fuch Party or Parties refpectively.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required in the next place to fet out, allot, and appoint, unto and for the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, or to the Perfon or Perlons who fhall then be entitled to the Barony or Manor of Rothbury aforefaid, one full Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation confidered) of the faid Common Moor or Wafte fo to be divided and allotted, after deducting the public Carriage Roads, in lieu of and as a full Compenfation and Satisfaction for his Right and Intereft to the Soil of the faid Common Moor or Wafte fo to be divided and allotted, and alfo for his Confent to the faid Divifion and lnclofure thereof.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That fuch one full Sixteenth Part or Share of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, when and fo foon as the fame fhall be afligned, fet out, and allotted and appointed as aforefaid, fhall be deemed to lie within the Barony or Manor of Rothbury, and that fuch one Sixteenth Part or Share of the faid Common Moor or Wafte intended to be divided by virtue of this Act, fhall be afligned, fet our, allotted, and appointed to lie in one entire Plot or Parcel.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required in the next place to fet out, divide, afljgn, allot, and appoint one full Third Part in Value (Quantity and Quality confidered) of the Refidufc of the faid Common Moor or Wafte unto and amongft the feveral Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the faid Townfhip of Snitter, having Right of Common in and upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte, in Proportion and according to the feveral and refpective Parts and Shares ■which fuch Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are liable and contributory to pay of the Fee-Lrm Rent payable to the Crown for or out of the faid Townfhip of Snitter j and to let out, afli»n, allot, and appoint the two remaining Third Parts in Value (Quantity and Quality confidered) of the fame Rcfidue of the faid Common Moor or Wafte unto and among the feveral Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Townfhip of Rothbury having Right of Common in and upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte, in Proportion and according to the leveral and refpective Parts and Shares which fuch laft-mentioned Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are liable or contributory to pay of the Borough Kent payable to the Lord of the faid Barony or Manor of Rothbury, for or out of the laid Townfhip of Rothbury.

Allotment of One Sixteenth of the Common to the Lord of the Manor, for the Soil

The Lord’s Sixteenth to be in one entire Plot.

Allotment of the Refidue of the Com-

XXV. Provided

1500

Encroachments to be allotted to a Perl'on in Poffeflion thereof.

Diftiaa Allotments to be made for Lands holden by different Titles, or for different /Ellates.

Allotments to lie in the fame Town-fhips as the

Lands.

Allotments for Property 4>ranted by

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fai<3 Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required, in all Cafes where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the adjoining Lands, to affign and allot, unto fuch Perfon or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate entitled to and having Right of Commoh upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte as are in the Pofieffion of any fuch Encroachment or Encroachments as is or are hereinbefore directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprised therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, for or in Part of the Allotment or Allotments which Pnall be made to them refpectively by virtue of this Act, unlefs it (hall happen that fuch rtfpecrive Encroachments (hall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality confi-deredj than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in the Pofleflion of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments refpectively would be entitled to for and in refpect of their ancient Eftate, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of fuch Encroachment or Encroachments ihall be deducted from the fame refpectively; and the (aid Commiflioners are hereby directed and required, in their Valuation of fuch Encroachments for the Purpofes aforelaid, to eftimate the fame according to their original Value, in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvement made therein, or to theValue of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected or builc thereupon.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, (hall hold their relpective Lands or Hereditaments for different Eftates, or under different Titles, the faid Commiflioners (hall afeertain and diftinguilh the Lands or other Hereditaments held for each of fuch Eftates, and under each of fuch Titles refpectively, and (hall alfo fet out and diftinguilh the different Allotments or the Hereditaments to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in refpect of each of them ; and the (aid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to fet forth and declare in and by their laid general Award, in Right of what Eftates in particular fuch Allotment (hall have been refpectively made, and therein alfo (tparatcly to deferibe and afeertain the Situation of every fuch Allotment.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fe-veral Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Wafte to be afligned, fet our, allotted, and appointed by the faid Commiflioners as aforelaid in refpect of any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments having Right of Common thereon as aforefaid, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Townfhip, Quarter, or Place, Tovvnfhips, .Quarters, or Places refpectively \vhercin the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie or are fituate, in refpect of which fuch Allotments fhall be refpectively made.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all the Allotments to be fet out and made by virtue of this Act, in refpect of

any

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

any Property granted or demiled or held by any Leafes or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Rack Rent, (hall be allotted to the refpective LefTors or Owners of fuch Property, and (hall be held and enjoyed by them refpect-ively, free from all Right, Title, and Intereft of their refpective Leffees or Tenants, by virtue of or under fuch Leafes or Agreements i and fuch refpective Leflors or Owners fhall make fuch Abatement of the Rent referved or made payable by luch Leafes or Agreements refpectively, for or on account of their taking fuch Allotments, as the faid Commif-fioners (hall adjudge and determine to be juft and reafonable, and fhall, in and by their general Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, afcertain, direct, and appoint.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons, entitled in Fee Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, (hall by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings, previoufly to their preparing a Draft of their general Award, fignify and declare that he, (he, or they hath or have fold and difpofed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments to any Perfon or Perfons to be named and deferibed in fuch Writing, and (hall defire the fame to be fet out, allotted, and appointed to the Perfon or Perlons fo purchafing the fame, the faid Commiflioners in every fuch Cafe (hall, and they are hereby authorifed to fet out, allot, and appoint the faid Allotment or Allotments of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have fo given Notice of their having fold and difpofed thereof to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Notice to be the Purchafer or Purchafers of fuch Allotment or Allotments j and the faid Allotment or Allotments fo fold and difpofed of (hall, in every fuch Cafe, from and after the Execution of the faid General Award of the faid Commiflioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vefted in Fee Simple in the Per-ion or Perfons to whom the fame (hall have been, by fuch Notice in Writing as aforelaid, fo fignified and declared to have been fo fold as aforelaid, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXX.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to fee out, aiTign, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Mefiuaaes, Buildings, inclofed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Parilh of Rothbury aforefaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Mefluages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments in the fame Parilh, fo that every fuch Exchange be fee forth and afeertained by the General Award of the laid Commiifioners, and alio be made with the Conlent of the refpective Proprietors or Perlons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, leiled or entitled in Pofleflion of or to the Hereditaments fo to be exchanged, for any Life or Lives, or for lbme Eltate of Inheritance, or of the Hu(bands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees, or Attorneys of any luch Proprietors, who (hall at the Time of; making fuch Exchanges be Feme Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Perfons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Difability or Incapacity of acting for themfelves, and io that all luch Exchanges of Hereditaments belonging to any Eccleftaltical Benefice or Corporation be alio made with the Confent of the Patron thereof, and of the Bilhop Parochial of the Dio-

[Loc. fc? Per.]	17	H	cele

15OI

Leafes at Rack Rent to be fet out to the Leflors,

Allotments that may happen to be fold may, on Requeft, be allotted to the Purchafer 1 by the General Award.

Exchanges.

1502

Owners to enjoy Mines, &c. under their ancient Freehold Eftate, which may be given in Exchange for Allotments of Common, paying Da-mage for Spoil.

Mines, &c. ofExchanged

main the Property of D. of Northumberland.

Notices to oe publilhed in theNewcallle .Courant.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

cefe in which The fame are fituate refpectively, fuch Confent to be re-fpectively fignified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the con-fenting Parties, or under the Seals of fuch of them as are a Corporation Aggregate j and every Kxchange fo made and declared fliall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law, and the refpective Lands or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fliall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Rents and Serviceo, and go and remain to, for, and upon the fame Ufes and Trusts, and be fubject to the fame Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and'Agreements, as the Lands or Hereditaments in refpect whereof the fame (hall be exchanged, are or fliall be fubject or liable to, or would have been fubject or liable to in cafe the Exchange thereof had not been made; provided, that no fuch Exchange fliall be made of any Copyhold Tenements without the Confent of the Lord of the Manor of which fuch Copyhold Tenements are holden.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That in cafe it fhall happen that any of the Proprietors of ancient Freehold Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (hall exchange any of their ancient Freehold Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Waite, then and in fuch Cafe the Proprietors of fuch ancient Freehold Mef-fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo exchanged as afore -faid, their-relpective Heirs and Alfigns, fhall from Time to Time, and at all Times forever therealter have, hold, and enjoy all and all manner of Mines, Minerals, and Quarries whatfoever, lying, being, and remaining within and under the faid ancient Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be given in Exchange, and all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof reflectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpoles, as they and every of them could or might or ought to have had, held, and enjoyed, or were entitled to have, hold, or enjoy fuch Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, and Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities aforefaid relpectively in caie this Act had not been made, or in cafe fuch ancient Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments had not been given in Exchange for fuch Allotment or Allotments, making reafonable Satisfaction for Damage and Spoil of Ground to be occafioned thereby.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of fuch Exchanges of ancient Freehold Melfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid, all and every the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries lying and being within and under the faid Allotment or Allotments fo to be given in Exchange, (hall remain the Property of, and be held and enjoyed by the laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Succelfors, and Alfigns, with all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof refpectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Exchange or Exchanges had not been made.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act, or the laid Act of the Forty-firft Year of the prefent Reign

are

*503

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

are required to be given or publifhed in fame public News-paper, of fetting out public Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commiflioners, and of any other Act, Matter, or Thing, fhall be inferred in the Newcajlle-upon-lyne Courant, or if that News-paper (hall not then be pubiilbed, then in fome other News-paper or News-papers generally circulated in the County of Northumberland*

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the general Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners purluant to the Directions of the faid Act of the Forty-firft Year of the prefent Reign, and this Act, fhall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland j and the faid original Award, and fuch Plan or Plans, or Survey or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, fhall be lodged and depofited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Northumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sedions of the Peace there, to the end that recourfe may be had thereto by any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Divifion j which faid Award and Plans, and every other Award and Inftru-menc to be lodged with the faid Award, fhall and may be infpected at all feafonable Times, upon reafonable Notice of the Party requiring fuch Infpection.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Northumberland fhall be required to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of the Plan or Plans annexed to the faid general Award depofited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforefaid, a reafonable Payment fhall be made to him (over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and for the Copy or Copies of the faid Award and Inftruments, or any Parts thereof) or for a Copy or Copies of fuch Plan or Plans, or any Part thereof refpectively; and in cafe any Dif-pute or Difference fhall arife between the faid Clerk of the Peace and the Perfon or Perfons requefting a Copy or Copies of fuch Plan or Plans, or any Part thereof, touching fuch Allowance, then and in fuch Cafe the fame fhall be fettled and afcertained by the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Northumberland in General Quarter Sef-fions affembled, or by the major Part of them, and the fame being fo fettled and afcertained fhall be final and conclufive to the faid Parties.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, at the Requeft, Cofts, and Charges of any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or his or their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or otherwife interefted therein, at any Time before the depoficing of the faid Award, make and execute a Duplicate or Duplicates of the faid Award, Plan, and Survey, or any of them, for the Life of the Perfon or Perfons requefting the fame •, and fuch Duplicate or Duplicates fhall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence, in all Courts whatfoever.

XXXVil. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which fhall be made, fee out, or appointed in purluance of this Act, ihall be held by the fame Tenure, and fhall be fubject to the fame yearly and other Rents and

Payments

Award to be enrolled and depofited

Clerk of the Peace.

Copy of Plans may be

a reafonable Sum being paid for the lame to the Clerk of the Peace.

Commiflion-ers may execute Duplicates of their

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as the ancient



48® G E O R G11 III. Cap. 82.

•Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services, as the ieveral and refpective Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpect of which the faid feveral Allotments or Parcels of Ground (hall be fo fet out and allotted, are and have heretofore been holden refpectively; and the Lord of the faid Barony or Manor of tRotbbury tor the Time being fhall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the lame refpectively, as they could or might have had in refpect of fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the paffrng of this Act; but ■the faid feveral and refpective Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in refpect of which the faid feveral Allotments or Parcels of Ground fhall be fo fet out or allotted; and the Allotments made in refpect thereof, fhall not, nor fhall any of them be fubject to any new or increafed, or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services whatfoever to the Lord of the faid Barony or Manor of Rothbury for the Time being.

Act not to af- XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, *ect Will*, That nothing in this Act contained lhall extend or be conftrued, aiients to°go deemed, or adjudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any to the fame Settlement, Deed, Will, or Leafe whatloever, or to prejudice any XJfes.	Perfon or Perlons whomfoever having any Right or Claim of Dower,

Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance of, in, out of, or upon, or affecting the faid Common Moor or Wafte to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, or any of the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, or .any Part or Parcel thereof refpectively ; but that the feveral Allotments of Common Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which fhall be let out and allotted or exchanged refpectively by virtue of this Act, fhall, immediately after the Lxecution of the faid general Award of the faid Commiffioners, be vefted in and remain, continue and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to and with whom the fame fhall be fet out and .allotted or exchanged refpectively, and they fhall from thenceforth Hand and be feifed and poffeffcd thereof refpectively to, for and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, Eftates, Limitations, Interefts, Trufts, Indents and Purpoles, and fubject and liable 10 the fame Settlements, Leafes, Conditions, Charges and Incumbrances as the feveral Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Common Rights, in lieu or in refpect whereof luch Allotments and Exchanges fhall be made refpectively, now Hand limited or liable to, or would have been liable to in cafe this Act had not been made (except as to fuch Leafes or Agreements at Rack Rent as fhall be determined under this Act) and fubject always neverthelefs to fuch Charges or Mortgages as fhall be made by virtue of the faid Act of the For;y*firfl: year of the Reign of His prefenc Majefly, or this Act refpectively.

Where Lands XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or ihall be hold- Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, which fhall be di-ent°Ticl^er* vided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, lhall hold the<r &c. and d’if- refpective Lands and Hereditaments for different Eftates or under differ Allot- ferent Titles, and where from the want of neceffary Information before iToThlvebeen l^e faid Commiffioners, or from any other Caufe, their Award fhall xtldetcr the have omitted the diftinguifhing and afeertaining of the Lands or other

Hereditaments

4S°GE0RGII III. Cap. 82.	1505

Hereditaments holden for each of fuch Eflates, and under each of Tame, they fuch Titles refpectively, and the fetting out and awarding of federal and diftinct Allotments for fuch refpective Lands or other Heredita- ment by *" merits as hereinbefore is required, and after the making of the faid Deed. Award, Requeft fhall be made to the faid Commiflioners, by any Perfon or Perfons interefted, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to'have fuch Omifiion fupplied by a feparate Inftrument, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing neceffary for fupplying fuch Omiflion, and fo far as that Purpofe fhall require, to examine Witneffes, and in every other Refpect to proceed and a£t as if the Award had not been made; and when they fhall have obtained what they (hall think fufficient Information, are hereby alfo.authorized by any Deed under their Bands and Seals to diftinguifh and afeertain the Difference of Tenure Eftates and Titles refpectively, and accordingly to make diftinct and feveral Allotments in the fame Manner as is hereby required, where fuch Difcrimination fhould be contained in the faid Award ; and every luch feparate Inftrument fhall be enrolled in the fame Place, and Evidence thereof fhall be given in the fame Manner as by the faid Act of the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty and this Act, or either of them refpectively, is directed concerning the faid General Award of the faid Commiflioners; and all Expences which lhall be reafon-ably incurred in or about any fuch feparate Inftrument as aforefaid, fhall be payable by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have fo requefted the laid Commiflioners to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators ; and every fuch leparate Inftrument fhall, from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the faid Commiflioners, have the fame Effect, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Contents thereof had been inferted and contained in their laid General Award; and the fame fhall (after fuch Enrolment as aforefaid) be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons upon whole Requeft any fuch Omiflion fhJl have been fo fupplied, or to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Cuftody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premifles in Queftion fhall, in the Opinion of the faid Commiflioners, moft properly belong.

• XL. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid feveral Allotments to Allotments be made by virtue of this Act fhall be encloled, hedged, ditched and to be fenced, fenced by and at the Expence of luch refpective Proprietors, in fuch Manner and in fuch Time, and fhall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners {hall in their General Award order and direcr, except only fuch Allotments the in-cloflng and fencing whereof are otherwile particularly directed and provided for by this Act.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the pafiing of No Turfs or this Act, it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfpns (other than Sods to be and except the Lord of the faid JBarony or Manor, his Leffees or cut.

Afligns, and the Commiflioners ior carrying this Act into execution) to cut, dig, or carry away any Turyes or Sods upon or from the laid Common Moor or Wafte, or any Part thereof, until the fame (hall be allotted and fet out as aforefaid. upon Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence, to the faid Lord of the faid Barony or Manor or his [Loc. & Per.]	17 I	Afligns

* 5'o6

Expences of the Divifion to be paid by the Partie*, if the Land fold is rot fnfHcient.

Coirmifijon-ers to pay their own Expences.

Commiffion-

count.

# GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Aillgn', fuch Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings, as (hall be af-fdfed in the Nature of an Amerciament at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the laid Barony or Manor, the fame to be af-feered by the Affeerers then and there fworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments when fo affeered (hall be levied by Diftrc/s and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Pcrfon or Perfons fo offending, by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff* or Bailiffs of the faid Barony or Manor, for that Purpofe, by the Scewaid of the Court of the faid Barony or Manor; and the Money arifing from all fuch Amerciaments fhall be paid to the Commiffioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and (hall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into execution.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the Charges and Expences of foliciting, obtaining, and paffmg this Ad, and of furveying, planning, admeafuring, dividing, and allotting the faid Common Moor or Wafte, and of making Highways or Roads, and of all other the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this Act, as are not herein otherv/ife directed to be paid, (ball be borne, paid and defrayed by the feveral and refpective Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Common Moor or Wafte (hall be made, his, her or their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns (other than and except the refpective Purchafers of fuch Part or Parts of the faid Common Moor or Wafte as fhall be fold by the faid Com-miffioners in purfuance of this Act) in proportion to the real Value of their refpective Allotments, to be fettled and afeertained by the faid Comrr.ilfioners ; and the feveral and refpective Shares and Proportions of all fuch Fees, Payments, Charges and Expences as aforefaid fhall be payable and paid by fuch Owners and Proprietors refpectively, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and in fuch Time or Times, as fhall by the faid Commiffioners either before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforefaid, be ordered, directed and appointed, in Writing under their Kunds refpectively Twenty Days before the Time appointed for fuch Paymenc.

XL1II. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffionet's and their Succeffors fhall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Aft into execution, bear and pay their own Expences, and that when and as loon as the faid intended Divifion and other Purpofes of this Act fhall be finifhed and completed, and the faid Commiffio ,ers fhall have executed their faid General Award, they the faid Commilf.oners refpectively fhall be paid and allowed, each of them, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings for each and every Day upon which they refpectively fhall have attended a Meeting and tranfacted Bufinefs in and for putting this Act in execution.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners fhall, and they are hereby refpectively required to keep, or caufe to be kept, a true and juft Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which fhall be raifed or received, and laid out or expended by them

or

15°7

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 82.

or by their Order or for their Ufe, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what fhall be due or owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences, and fhall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of fuch Statement and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe j and fuch Accounts fhall, at lead once in every Year from the palling of this Act till fuch Account (hall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and fettled by Robert Hopper Willi amfon, of Newcajile-upon-Tyne, Efquire, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpofe, and in cafe of his Death, by fuch other fit and proper Perfon as fhall be nominated and appointed Auditor in his ftead by the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments entitled to Right of Common upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte, or their relpective Agents as fhall be prefent at a Meeting to be hoiden for that Purpoie (of which Meeting Notice fhall be given bv the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs,

SuccelTors or Afiigns, or his or their Steward or Stewards, Agent or Agents for the Time being, or by any Five or more of fuch Proprie-tois and Owners, or their refpective Agents, or by the Commifiioners for putting this Act into Execution, or the one of them, by affixing the lame on the principal Door of the faid Parifh Church of Roth mry, and alfo caufing the fame to be inferted in the NewcaJlie-upon-Tyne Gaurant News-paper, or if that News-paper fhall not then be publifh-ed, in fome other News-paper generally circulated in the County of Northumberland, Fourteen Days at leaft before iueh Meeting) by any Inftrument in Writing under the Hands of fuch Proprietors and Owners, or their refpective Agents ; but in cafe of the Refufal of the faid Robert Hopper Williamfon to act as iuen Auditor, then by fuch other fit and proper Perfon as fhall be nominated and appointed Auditor in his ftead, by the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Succeffors or Afiigns, or his or their Steward or Stewards,

Receiver or Receivers, Agent or Agents for the Time being, and fo from Time to Time, as often as any Vacancy fhall happen by the Death or Default of every fuch new Auditor, fuch Vacancy fhall be filled up in the Manner laft mentioned, and the Auditor for the Time being fhall from Time to Time (late the Balance of the faid Accounts in fuch Book as aforefaid •, and that no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be vaiid in Law, unlefs the fame fhali be duly allowed by fuch Auditor; and alfo that fuch Book of Account fhall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the laid Commifiioners, and fhall be open to the Infpection of any of the faid Proprietors, or their Agents, at all reafonable Times during the Progrefs of the faid Divifion and Inclofure, and until the faid Accounts (hall have been finally fettled and allowed; and in cafe the faid Commifiioners, or their Clerk, fhall refufe or neglect fo to do, the Commifiioner or Commifiioners or Clerk refpectiveiy, fo refufing or neglecting, fhall for every fuch Refufal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Perfon, who fhall fue for the fame the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Weftmmfter, by Action of Debt or oa the Cafe.

XLV. And be it further enabled. That if any of the Perfons who Money ad-have Right of Common in or upon the faid Common Moor or Wafte, vaRCec* hr

°	7	thf:	Art	m	t

T 508

repa-d with Interelh

Power to ap peal

Owners of Allotments may get Freeftones.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

or any other Perfon or Perfons on their behalf, Hi ill advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money, for the Purpofe of defraying the Expence of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into execution, all fuch Perfons (hall be fully repaid the fame, together with Intereft thereon after the Rate of Five Pounds for One Hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the firft Money which fhall be railed for the Purpofe of this Ad, fuch Intereft to be computed from the Time or refpective Times of advancing or lending the laid Sum or Sums of Money, to the Time or refpective Times of the Payment thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fhall think himielf, herlelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of the laid Act of the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majeftv, or of this Act (other than and except fuch Claims, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed or authorized to be afcertained, fertled, rried or deter* mined by the Verdict of a Jury j or where by any of the Provifions of the faid Act or of this Act the Determinations, Ads or Proceedings of the laid Commiffioners are hereby directed to be final or conclu-five) he, fhe or they may appeal to any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be holden for the County of Northumberland within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen ; and the Juftices of the Peace at fuch Seffions aflembled are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal (provided that Notice in Writing of every fuch Appeal ex-prefiing the Caufe of Complaint, fhall have been given Fourceen Days at lead before fuch General Quarter Seffions) unlefs the faid Juftices in their faid Seffions fhall fee fufficient Caufe to adjourn fuch Appeal, in which Cafe they are hereby authorized to adjourn the fame to the then nexc General Quarter Sdlions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County of Northumberland, and then to hear and determine the fame, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages and Colts, as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Damages and Cofts which fhall be fo awarded by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of every fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and every Order and Determination of the laid Juftices, upon every fuch Appeal, (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Procefs or Writ whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJiminJler or elfewhere.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the refpective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the feveral Lands allotted in purfuance of this Act, to win, get and work therein Fretftones, Limeftones, and Slate, as well for the Ufe of the Grounds fo to be allotted to them as for the Ufe of the MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in refpect of which fuch Allotment fhall be made, but for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever.

XLVI 11. Provided

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.	I5°9

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing The in this Act (hall be conftiued to defeat, lefien, or prejudice the Right, [Je>Lord’sC Title, and Intereft of the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Right to the Succeffors, or Afiigns, as Lord of the faid Barony or Manor of Roth- Royalties. bury, of, in, and to all the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foever, lying and being within or under the faid Common Moor or Wafte hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, and alfo of and in and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the faid Barony or Manor, but that the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, and all fucceeding Lords of the faid Barony or Manor of Rotbbury for the Time being, lhall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Cuftoms,

Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Court Leet, and View of Frankpledge, Courts Baron and all Profits and Perquifites of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leet and View of Frankpledge and Courts Baron do belong or appertain, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themfelves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treafute Trove, Waifs, Eftrays, Forfeitures, Efcheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Cuftoms, Stallages, Dues,

Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurifdictions, Franchifes, Privileges,

Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatfoever, to the faid Barony or Manor, or to the Lord thereof for the Time being incident, belonging or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the faid Common Moor or Wafte, and fuch Common Right thereon as could or might be claimed by him, for which Compenfation is hereinbefore directed to be made) in as full, ample and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes as they could or might have held or enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Succeftors and Afiigns and all fucceeding Lords of the faid Barony or Manor of Rotbbury for the Time being, or his or their Tenants, Lefiees, or Afiigns, fliall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work and enjoy exclufively all Mines, Minerals and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foever, wuhin and under the faid Common Moor or Wafte hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof, and the feveral Allotments thereof in purfuance of this Act, together with all convenient and necefiary Ways and Wayleaves, and alfo Liberty of 'laying, making and repairing Waggonways and other Ways, in, through, over and along the fame or any Part thereof, and alfo for fearching for, winning and working the faid Mines, Minerals and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals,

Stones, Fofiils and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals and Quarries or Collieries belonging to the laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Succefiors or Afiigns, and of making Pits, Shafts and Sumps, Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms,

Drifts, Levels and Watercourfes, and of repairing, amending and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building and ufing Houfes, Draw-kilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines and other Engines, Mills and ocher Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, pulling down and carrying away the lame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleafure, and to do, execute, and perform

[Loc. & Per.]	ij	K	all

i5is

Satisfaction to be made for Damage done in work ing Mines, &c.

General

To be print-lie Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

all fuch other Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, either row in ufe or hereafter to be invented, as fhall or may be neceffary or conr venient for the full and complete working, Ufe and Enjoyment of fuch Mines, Minerals, and Quarries herebv referved, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as he or they might or could have done in cafe this Act had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enabled. That in cafe the faid /7«gZ>Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs, Succefiors or Afligns, or any Per on or Perfons claiming under him or them, fhall, after fuch Inclofures or Allotments made as aforefaid, fearch for, win or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals or Quarries lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclofures to be made as aforefaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any fuch Mines, Minerals or Quarries, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Hugh Duke of Northumberland^ his Heirs, Succcffors, or Afligns, or fuch Perfon or Perfons fo claiming under him or them fhall make a reafonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occafioned thereby or by the erecting or building any Houles, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines or ocher Engines, Mills, or other I rections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fume or any of the Materials thereof «s aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall be in Poflcffion of fuch Ground at the Time or Times of fuch Damage or Spoil,

L. Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiors, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Succcffors, Executors, and Adm ini fixators (other than and except the laid Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the feveral other Perfons, Bodies Politic or Coiporate, to whom any Allotment cr Allotments of Land fhall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in refpect of the Intereft or Property for which luch Allotment or Allotments fhall be made, his, her, or their Heirs, Succefiors, Executors, Adminifirators, arid Afligns) all fuch Eftates, Rights,Titles,andlnterefts, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the laid Common Moor or Waite hereby directed to be divided and allotted, before the pafiing of this A£t, or could or might or ought to have had or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

LI. And be it further enabled. That this A& fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof, fo printed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO

GEORGII III.

OCTAVO

REGIS.



Cap. 83.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh. [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parilh of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, certain Open Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, containing in theWhoie by Computation Three thoufand Acres or thereabouts: And wher-as the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Crown, is entitled to the Soil of the faid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Land ,and other Commons and Wafte Lands, except as herein-after mentioned : And whereas the Right Reverend John Lord Bilhop of Bangor, in Right of his See, is Lord of the Manor of Gogarth, in the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon, which comprifes amongft other Lordfhips the Lordlhip of L.landdulas, and which laft-mentioned Lordlhip comprifes Part of the faid Parish of Abergele, and as fuch is entitled to the Soil, Mines, and Minerals in, over, and under fo much of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands as lie fituate within the faid Lordlhip of Llanddulas: And whereas the Right Reverend the Lord Bilhop of Saint Afaph is Re&or of the Parilh of Abergele aforefaid, and the Reverend Richard Jackfon Clerk, is Vicar thereof, and as fuch are entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the faid Parilh of Abergele, and in refpeft thereof to Right of Commun upon the Commons and Wafte Lands hereby intended to be inclofed : And whereas the Honourable Charles Fincht Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd Baronet, Sir John [Loc. Per.]	17	L	Williams

*5*4

tfrility of liicloiUre.

Appointment o< Commif-fiontr.

Power for His IvJajefly’s Surveyor General to appoint a Commi/fioner.

Appointment oi Surveyor.

For appointing a new Commiihener

48* GiiORGII III. Cap.&$.

Williams Baronet, Robert William Wynne ^ John Lloyd Wynne, Richard Parry, Richard Lloyd, Edward Lloyd,Thomas Jems, and Rowland y^fj,Elquire3,the Reverend Edward Hughes Clerk, and divers other Perfons,.air Propriety rsof Mdl'J3geSj Lands, and Tenements within the faid	Abergele,	and	are

entitled in relpift thereof to a Right of Common in, over, and upon all and tv rv the Common Marfhes, Waft? Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands hereby intende d ro be inclol'ed, in Proportion to their feverai and refpeftive Effaces, Rights arid Interelh within the fame Pari fh: And whereas the laid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Land', and ochtr Commons and Wafte Lands are in their prefent Sta e of Ji.tle Value, but if the fame were divided and inclofed, and fpecific Parts thereof allotted to the feveral Perfons entitled thereto or interefted therein as afore-faid, a manifeft Advantage would refulc not only to fuch Perfons, but fuch Inclofure would Otherwife be of great publick Utility: Yet as the fame cannot be effeftec and carried into Execution without the Authority of Parliament •, may it therefore pleafe Your Majeftv, that ic may be enabled ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftemhled, and by the Authority of the lame. That John Mattb ws\ of Pies yn Llysfaen in the Countv of Carnarvon, Gentleman, (hall be and he is hereby appointed Comm dinner for fctdng our, dividing, and allotting the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Waite Lands within the faid Parifh of Abergele, and for purring this Act into Execution, in fuch Manner, with fuch Powers, and fubjtft to fuch Regulations and Direction as are hereio-a'ter contained, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubjeft to fuch of the Rules, Directions, Regulations, Reftriftions, and Provifions, contained in an Aft made in the Forty-firlt Year of the Reign ot His prefent M-jefty, intituled. An A El for confolidating in One AEl certain Provifions ufually injerted in Acts of Inclofure, and jar facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral FaEls. ufually required on the pajfi-g of fuch Adis, as are not repugnant to, or altered, or other wife provided for, by any of the Claufes, Regulations and Provisions in this Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Surveyor General of His Ma-jefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being may from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, nominate and appoint a Commiflioner to carry this Aft into Execution, lo far as relates to His Majefty’s Rights and Inte-refts therein.

III.	And be it further enafted, That at a General Meeting of the Proprietors of Lands within the faid Parifh of Abergele to be held at Abergele aforefaid, within the Space of Two Calendar Months after the pafling of this Aft; it lhall and may be lawful to and for the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained by the Land Tax Affeflmcnts of the fame Parifh) of the faid Proprietors, or their known or reputed Agents or At-tornies, who fhall be prefent at fuch Meeting, by Writing under their re-fpeftive Hands, to appoint one or more Surveyor or Surveyors to act in the Execution of this and the faid recited Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if the faid John Matthews, and the Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or either of them,

11	or

48° GEORG!I III. Cap. 83.	1515

or any of their refpe&ive SuccefTors to be appointed as herein-after men- and Surveyor, tioncd, fhall die, or become incapable by Sicknefs or orherwile, of adting, or fhall refufe to ad as Commiflioner, or Surveyor or Surveyors as afore-laid, for the Space of One Calendar Month before all the Powers veiled in them by this and the faid recited Ad are completely executed, then, and from Time to Time, as often as Occafion may require, it fhall and may be lawful for the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afcertained by the Land Tax AfiefTments as aforefaid) of, the Proprietors for the Time being of Lands within the faid Parifh of Abergele, or their known or reputed Agents or Attornies who fhall be prelent at a publick Meeting to be held for-that Purpofe, in purfuance of Notice in Writing figged by Two or more Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parifn Church of Abergele aforefaid, and inferted in the Cbejler and Bangor Newfpapers, or fome or one of them, at leaft Fourteen Days before fuch Meeting, by Writing under their refpedive Hands, to appoint a new Cornmiffiontr and Surveyor or Surveyors, not interefled in the faid Inclofure, in the Room of the faid John Matthews \ and fuch Surveys or Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or fuch of them or their refpec-tive Succefiurs as fhall die, become incapable, refufe, or neglcd to ad as aforefaid, and every Commiflioner and Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed, fhall have the like Power and Authority, and fhall be fubjed to the fame Power of Removal and Reftridions, as the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Place he or they fhall be appointed was or were veiled with and fubjed to by virtue of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioner fhall, and Commiffiontr he is hereby required to caufe Notice to be affixed, upon fome Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service on the principal outer Door ° of the Pariffi Church of Abergele aforefaid, and alfo by Advertife-ment to be inferted in the Chejler and Bangor Newfpapers, or fome or one of them, or if the fame fnall not be then publifhed, then in fome other Newfpaper ulually circulated in the faid County of Denbigh, of the Time and P.ace of holding his firft and every other Sitting for the Execution of . this and the faid recited Ad, at lead Fourteen Days before any fuch Sitting fhall be held (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted), and every fuch Notice fhall exprefs the Purpofe for which fuch Sitting is to be held ; and that the faid Commiflioner may and he is hereby authorized to adjourn any fuch Sitting from Time to Time, as he fhall fee Occafion, and every Adjournment fhall be made known to Four Proprietors at leaft, before the Bufinefs of fuch Adjournment fhall be proceeded in ; and in cafe the faid Commiflioner fhall not meet at the Time and Elace appointed for any fuch Sitting, or to which any fuch Sitting (hall be adjourned, it fhall and may be lawful for the Clerk to the' faid Commifli mer to adjourn fuch Sitting to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-eight Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be holdcn at the fame Place, and lo from Time to Time until the laid Commiflioner fhall meet*, and fuch Clerk is hereby required to give Notice of fuch Adjournment to the faid Commiflioner; and every Sitting or Meeting of ihc faid Commiflioner for putting this Adi into Execution, whether by Adjournment or otherwife, fhall be holden at Abergele, and not eliewhere, and fhad continue open from Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until Six of. the Clock in the Afternoon of each Day fuch Sittings or Meetings fliall be rcfpedliveiy held.

VI. Provided

1516	48°	G EORGII III. Cap. 83.

other Notices VI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all other Notices hiven° bC neieffary or reauifite to be made and given by the faid Commiffioner in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft, fhall be made and given by Advertisement, to be infcrted in the Cbejier and Bangor Newfpapers, or fame or one of them, or if the fame fhall not be then publifhed, then in Some other Newfpaper ufually circulated in the faid County of Denbigh*

Com mifii oner

VII.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall and maybe lawful to and

inroad*5nt°	^or l*le Commiffioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by

mrnt*made	Examination of Witneffes on Oath to be adminiftered by fuch Com-

ai>ove sixty	miffioner, and by fuch other legal Ways and Means as he (hall think

ProPfr t0 Inquire into and determine what Inclofures have been taken Allotments,	from and made upon the faid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Lands, and

other Commons and Wafte Lands hereby intended to be inclofed, for upwards of Sixty Years laft paft ; and all Inclofures which (hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioner to have been taken in and inclofed before or for the Period of Sixty Years, fhall be deemed old Inclofures, and the Proprietors thereof be entitled to have Allotments from off the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds (in like Manner as the ancient Inclofures) although they were formerly Parc of fuch Common and Wafte Ground.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure intended to be made in purfuance of this Ad ; or touching or concerning the Share, Right or Intereft, or refpec-tive Shares, Rights and Interefts which any of them fhall claim in or upon the fa>d Common’s and Wafte Lands, or any of them ; or touching or concerning any Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions which they or any of them ought to have or fhall claim to have in lieu of their Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interefts upon or anting from the faid Commons and Wafte Lands fo to be divided and inclofed, or any of them, on the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure; or tuuc-hing or concerning improper Claims made by any Perfon or Perfons not entitled to any Allotment or Allotments, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Examination of any Witnefs or Witneffes, or upon any other fufficient Evidence, to exa-amine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall authorize the faid Commiffioner to hear and determine any Difference or Difpute which may arife touching or concerning the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any Meffuage, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

CommiiTiOser to frttk Dif-

but not to

determine

Tides.

Power to	II*	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Commiffioner

award CJb. fhall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-jedion or Objedions to be delivered to him in purfuance of the faid recited Ad or of this Ad, fee Caufe ro award any Cofts, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Ptirpofe, to fettle, affefs, and awarl fu-h Cofts and Charges as he fhall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the faid Commiffioner fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perlons whole Claim or Claims,

Objection

4s* GEORGII III. Cap. 83.	1517

Objedion or Objedions (hall be thereby difallowed or over-ruled ; and in calc the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be liable to pay fuch Colls and Charges (hall negkd or refute to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful co and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Perfor; or Perfons whomfoevcr, to caufc fuch Colls and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo negleding or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and-Chattels (hail have been fo diltrained and (old, alter deducting the Cods and Charges attending luch Diftrefs and Sale.

X. Provided always neverthclefs, and be it further enacted. That if J>arttje*iJna,r any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, R^htsby an making any Claim or Claims to the Soil of the faid Common Marfhes, lilutatLaw. Waite Low Lands, and ether Commons and Waite Lands hercin-before mentioned, or < f any Rights of Common or other Righis or In'erefts in, over, or upon the fame or any Part thereof, or objecting to any fuch Claim or Claims, (hall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Coin-miffioner, and dial! be defnous of having fuch Claim or Chims, Rights or Interefts refpedivdy tried at Law, 2nd (hall by himfelf or herfelf or them-felvcs refpedively, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Attorney or At-lornies refpedively give Notice in Writing to the laid Commiflioner within Fourteen Days next after luch Determination (hall have been fo made by the faid Commiflioner (of which Notice the faid Commiflioner is hereby requirtd to give immediate Information, by Writing under his Hard, to 1 hr adverfe Paity or Parties* or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attornies refpedively, to be delivered to or leit at the uluil Pi ce of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, or his, her, or rheir Agent or Agents, At-xorney o^ Attornies refpedivdy, and to make an Entry ot luch Notice in the Book of Proceeding? by him kept under the Authority of this Ad) then, but not otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful for the Perfon or Perf ns giving fuch Notice within fuch Time as aforefaid, his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns refpedively, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter or Matters in quefticn, at the next or fecond Affixes to be hclden for the County of Salop or for the County of Cbejler, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Time of luch Notice being given as aforefaid, in a feigned Adion or Actions, Iffue or Iffues, to be commenced for fuch Pur-pofein one of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at PVeJiminJier, by the Perfon or Perfons giving luch Notice as aforefaid, his, her, or their Heirs or Affigns refpedively, ngainft the adverfe Party or Parties making fuch Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections as aforefaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aclion or Adions (lull forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who (hall appear or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Iffue or 1 flues whereby luch Claim or Claims, Right or Interefl, Rights or Interefts may be properly tried and determined (luch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer or Officers cf the Court wherein fitch Adion or Adions (hall be commenced, if the Pas ties differ about the fame); and the Verd:d or Verdids which fhall be given in the faid Adion or Adions (hall be final and conelufive upon ail and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever.

Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate; and the Cods of fuch Adion or Ad:r ns (hall follow fuch Vcrdift or Verdids, ana be taxed and \_Loc. & Per.J	iy	M	recovered

2S*S

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

recovered m fuch Manner as Co(ls in other Adions in the fame Court ; and after any Verdid or Verdvds dial ( have been fo obtained (if not f t a fide by the Court in which lucli Adion was commenced, which it (hall be lawful f.rfuch Coutc to do in cafe fuch Courc fhall fo think proper) the i'aid Cotnchiffioner fhdl and he is hereby authorized and oquiied toad in Conformity, thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Provided alio, that all fuch Determinations of the faid Commiftioner as fhall not be objected to, or, being objefred to, if the clilfatisfied Party or Pirries relpedtively fhall not give fuch Notice, within fuch Time as aforefaid, or, giving fuch Notice, (hall not caufe fuch Adion or Adions to be brought and proceeded in conformably to the Diredions of thi3 Ad, fhall be binding, final, and conclufive upon all Parties what-foever.

roft^h n'en- XI. And be it further enaded, That if any Petfon or Perfons, by or for the commit'- whom any Claim or Claims ot Right of Common fhall be made, fhall cecdiV^nor happen to	the	laid	intended Divifion and Inclofure fhall be made

to^h'ate’aay and perfeded, and before the laid CommilTioner fhall have made his Award Attiwi. touching the fame, then and in lurh Cafe the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the laid CommilTioner (had not be anyways determined, lufperrded or affeded by fuch Death or Deaths, but that the faid Commiffioner fhall and may proceed in and execute the faid Powers and Authorises and every of them in fuch and the like Manner as he could or might have done if fuch Perfon cr Perfons had not died; and if any of the Parties in any Adion to be brought in purfuance of this Ad, fhall die pending the fame, iuch Adion fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

caSof"	XII'.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Perfon ot

Death of Par- Perfons in w’nofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fhall have been made, and againfl: whom any fuch Adion or Adions might have been i roi^ht. brought if living, fhall die before any fuch Adion or Adions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hcrein-before limited for biinging fuch Adion or Adions, it fiiall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Adion or Adions againfl the Perfon or Perfons lo dying, to bring the fame within the Time lo limited as aforefaid againfl: fuch Perfon or Perfons as if adually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the Lid Commif-fioner with Proccfs for commencing fuch Adion or Adions, in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living ; and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Aclicn or Adions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the lame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been adually living; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adion or Adions.

yofafSonnot XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiflioner to determine Coui°fcofJC any Right between any Parties contrary to the Poflkflion of any of fuch Law*	Parties,	except	in	Cafes of Encashments made within the Period of

Twenty

4S* GEORG 11 III. Cap.%l<	i$i9

Twefity Tears, as herein-afier mentioned ; but in cafe the faid Corrimif-fioner (hall be of Opinion againft: the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in PofTcfTion, he Ihall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the PofTeffion Ihall have been given up, or recovered from fuch Pcr-loo or Perfons by Ejectment or other clue Courfe of Law,

XIV.	And be it further enacted, that the faid Commiffior.er (hall and he is hereby authorized and required to fet our, allot, and award, unto Material®, and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in the laid Parifh of &c*

Abergele tor the Time being, fuch Plot or Plots of the laid Common Marfhes, Wade Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, in fuch Parilh, not exceeding in the whole Three Statute Acres, in fuch Places as he (hall judge molt expedient, with convenient Roads to and from the fame, to be tiled and enjoyed for ever thereafter by the refpective Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments and their refpective Tenants within the faid Parifh of Abergele for the Time being, in common, for the Pur-pofe of getting Lime Stone, Building Stone, Gravel and Sand, for the Ufe, Benefit, or Improvement of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, and of the Allotment or Allotments to be fet out under the Authority of this Aft, and alio for the Repairs of the Highways, private Roads and Paths within the fame Parifh, and fhall be vefted in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the faid Parilh fof the Time being for ever, in Truft, for the Purpofcs aforefaid; and the getting and raifing fuch Stone, Gravel, and Sand, and the Labourers to be employed therein, and the Grafs and Herbage of the faid Plots refpeftively, ihall be and arc hereby declared to be fubjeft to fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as the faid Com-miflloner fhall by his general Award make, order, direft, or appoint, or fhall, confidently wiih fuch Regulations Orders and Reftriftions, be made by Order of Veftry of the faid Parilh of Akergeley for that Purpofe fi:fl legally convened, (hail from Time to Time direct and appoint.; and fuch Plots and Roads refpeftively fhall be properly fenced off, and the Expence cf luch Fences fhall be railed and paid in the fame Manner as the Ex-pences of psfiing and carrying this Act into Execution : Provided always, that fuch Stone, Gravel, and Sand, or either of them, fhall not direftly or indircftly be fold or dilpofed of to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or conveyed out of the fjnd Paiilh of Abergcley under any Pretence what-foever, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Cart Load fo fold or conveyed out of the faid Parifh cf Abergele, and fo proportionably for any greater or Itfs Quantity, to be paid by luch Peifon or Perfons by whom or for whole Ule fuch Stone, Gravel, or Sand fhall be dug up or gor, to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Abergele for the Time being, and to be by them accounted for and applied in Aid of the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor wirhin the faid Parifh ©f Abergele; and the faid Commifiioner may where Occ man For watering fhall require, fet ouc and appoint Springs and Pools, and other W.ite ing PiaCtS« Places for Cattle and Beafts, within the faid Parifh of Abergele, upon the faid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands aforelaid, and for the Common Ufe and Benefit of all Owners and Occupiers of Mcffuages, Tenements, Lands or Hereditaments within the faid Parilh of Abergele.

3

XV. Provided

Not to alter' ■Watercoui fes, &c.

Allotments to His Majefty and the Bi-fhopof Bangor, In .Right of the

Allotments of the Refidue to the feveral Proprieior6 of lands within the Ptrifli j

except fifeh PerJons who may claim Allotments as Put-chafers tinder the Rhuddlan Embankment Act i

4S9 GEORGII III. Cap. S3.

XV.	Provided always rieverrhelefs, and be it further enacted, That ic fnall not be lawful for the Did Commiliioner to alter or change the Courle of any ancient Watercourfc or Land Drain for the Purpofes aforefaid, or tor any other Purpofe or Purpoies whatlbever, without the Content in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands and Hereditaments-into whefe Lands fuch Water Shall be conveyed, or who (hall or may be deprived of or prejudiced in the Ufe or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage, which otherwife might have pafled tit rough hi-, her, or their Lands, if the Dire&ion of fuch Wattrcoule or Land Drain had not been changed cr altered, but that the fame Oia.il be and regain as the fame hath heretofore uluaily beer.; ariy Thing in this 01 the Lid recited Aft contained to the contrary notwithfbhdiog.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Conimiftloner (hall (after the Boundaries directed to be fee out by the faid recited Act fhall have been afeertained and fully determined, and after fetting out the Roads and Ways which by the faid recited Act he is authorized to let our, and the Allotment for Materials and Watering Places as herein-before mentioned) afiign, fet out, and allot unto and for the Ufe of the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of all the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be inclofed, as do noc lie within the laid Lordftiipof Llanddulas as fhall be equal to one full Twentieth Part or Share in Value thereof refpe&ively •, and alfo fhall afngn, fet out, and allor, unto and for the Ufe of the faid Lord Bifhop of Bangor and his Sucttffois, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands lying within that Part of the faid Lordfhipof Llanddulas which is fituate in the faid Parifn of Abergele, as fhall be equal to one full Twentieth Part or Share in Value thereof relpedively, for and in lieu, Satnfa&ion, and Extio&ion of the Rights and Intertfts of His faid Majefty, His Heirs and Suceeffors and of the laid Lord Biinop of Bangor and his SuccefTor-s, refpeftively in, over, and upon the Soil of the laid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands fo dire&cd to be divided and inclofed as aforefaid, and for their Content to the Divi-fion and Inclofure thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiflicncr fhall in the next Place afiign, fet out, and allot in Severalty the Refidue of the faid Common Marflies, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be inclofed, unto and amongft the faid Lord B -fhop of Saint Afaph, the Honourable Charles Finch, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd, Sir John Williams, Robert. William Wynne, John Lloyd Wynne, Richard Parry, Richard Lloyd, Edward Lloyd, Thomas Jones, Rowland Jones, and Edward Hughes, and the feveral other Perfons, Owners and Propiie-ters of Lands and Hereditaments within the faid Parifh of Abergele, (lave and except fuch Pcrfon or Perfons who may claim any Allotment or Allotments in Right or by virtue of fuch Lands and Hereditaments as have been acquired by Purchafe under the Powers of an A<51 paffed in the Thirty-fourth Year cf His prefenr Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Att for embanking, and otherwife fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coafis of the Panjh of Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and Rhuddlan Marfb, in the feveral Parijhcs of Abergele cfo>efaid. and of 8?int Afaph and

Rhuddlan

1521

4Sa GEORG 11 III. Caf. 83.

Rbuddlan and the Frar.cbife cf Rhuddlan in the County of Flint, and fun dry other Mar foes. Commons, and Wajie Lands, in the faid Parijh <f Rbuodian, and in the jeveral Parifoes cf Diierth and Melidan in the Ju.. Ceu>,ly of Font, and to cut and make, in or through the ame or fame Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts or ether Water courfes and D airs, and to in chafe, divide and Jell competent Paris of the /aid fevered Mar foes. Commons, and Wade Lands, to defray the Ewperces of the fad Works, and to raife a Fund for the future Repair and Prejervation thereof ■, and alfo lave and excep: luch P.ilon or Perfons who may claim any Allotment or Allotments in Right or by virtue of any Incfofures or Encroachments which have been uken from and bvvirtue and made upon the laid Common Marlines, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands at any Time within Sixty Years lad paft, be- vitivnSxty fo'e the palling of thi- Adt) ratcably and in due Proportion to the Value ^rslatk of their rtfpe&ivc Mcffuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments in p refpect whereof they are feverallv intitlcd to fuch Right of Common as aferefaid, fuch Value to be afeertained and fixed by the laid Commiffioner, Comtnjffionfr who 11',all nor, upon any Account or under any Pretence, give any undue n 110 w tive Preference, to any of the Parties intert-fted in the laid Divdion, in their or pn>Ugi:Gdnu* . any of their Allotments or Shares of the faid Common M..rlhes, Wafte ‘l ’ Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands-aforefoifl; nor (half nor fet out the laid Commifliuner fet out or allot any Part or Parts cf the faid Com-mon Mar flies, Wafte Lowr Lands, and other Commons and Waite Lands, tL-e oi cnim« to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, unlefs he, ftae, or they fliall deliver ben g dehor caufe to be delivered to the faid Commiffioner, at one of his Sittings v‘l”d* to be held in purfuance of the laid firft recited A£t, fuch Nodce or Ac* count in Writing of their refpe&ive Rights or Claims as is preforibed or requited in and by the fame Adi.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commifiioner fhall Extract of To and he is hereby required to make an E aradl cn Parchment, under his Tnuch°* the Hand and Seal, of lb much of his Award as fliall contain an accurate De« ,e'afefto3 fcription of the Allotment cr Allotments to be made to H.s faid Majefty tiie K ng'* in relpect of the Lordfnip cf Denbigh, together with fuch Regulations or.

Provifions relative to fuch Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights the Surveyor or Interefts of HE Mnjefty as may be contained in fuch Award, and alio Gcneial‘

a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment or Allotments, and tranlmit the lame to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Land Revenue for the Time being, within Three Calendar Months next after the making and executing the laid Award, to be by him tiled and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe it fliall hap- Ailo'nrno to

pen that the fame Perfon or Perfons h or arefeifed of Meffuages, Lands,	;

or Hereditaments for Life only, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance l ee Simple, of other Melfuages, Lands, or Hereditaments within the faid Parifli of Abergele, and any other Perfon cr Perfons having or claiming to have

Rights cr Interefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, and fliall be intitled or claim to be intitled to Right of Common in relpeft of both fuch Eftates; then and in fuch Cafe the Commiffioner, upon the RequcR in Writing of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of his, her, or their Agent or Attorney, fliall fet out and allot the Share or Proportion of fuch Perfon or Perfons in refpttt of his, her, or their dif-f Loc.hA Per.~\	17	N	'	ferent

1522

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. 83,

ferent Eftstes, in diftincl and feparate Parcels from each other, fo that the Portion of Common Land awarded in refpeft of the M fTiinges, Lands cr Hereditaments held for Life or fettled Eifcate be no way intermixed with, but kept feparate from the Portion awarded in refeeft of the unfettled Eftate.

Gommifiloner XX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any of the Proprietors in-“FE*	titled to Rights of Common in or over the Lands or Grounds hereby di-

Common	reded to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, fhall requeft to ha e

Paiturcs. their Common Rights Compenfated by a Common Palture inftead of dif-tind Allotments of Land, and (hill give Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Commiflioner, within fuch Time as the faid Commiflioner fhall for that Purpofe appoint; and if the CommifTioner fhall be of Opinion that the Number of Proprietors who have made fuch Requeft fhall be fufficienc to enable the faid CommifTioner to fet out fuch an Allotment or Allotments as will anfwer the Purpofe of a Common Paflure, rhen it fhall be lawful for the faid CommifTioner, and he is hereby required to fee ouc and allot, to and for the Proprietors making fuch Requeft, from and out of fuch Parrs of the Common and Wafte Lands afore faid, molt convenient for that Purpofe, fuch Parcel or Parcels thereof as fhall in the Judgement of the faid CommifTioner be an Equivalent and Compenfation for the Rights of Common to which the Proprietors making fuch Requeft fhall be intitled ; and if it fhould appear to the faid CommifTioner (without any fuch Requeft to him made) chat any of the Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid Parilh of Abdrgtl^ by reafon of Situation, the Smailnefs of the Quantity, or Interfedion by Roads, or other Circumftances, cannot be divided and inclofed to the Advantage of the Per Ions interefted therein, the faid CommifTioner is hereby authorized to fee out and alloc the Herbage of fuch Commons or Wafte Lands as and for Common Pafture to fuch of the Proprietors of or Perfons having common Rights of other Interefts in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, to whom the fame (hall in the Judgement of the laid CommifTioner be molt convenient and valuable in Situation, in or towards Satisfaction for the Rights and Interefts of fuch Proprietors refpedively ; and the Lands fo to be allotted for Common Paftures, whether the fame fhall be allotted at the Requeft of fuch Proprietors as aforefaid, or without fuch Requeft, fhall be ufed and enjoyed by the refpedive Proprietors to whom the fame /hall be allotted, and by their Succeffors and Tenants refpedively, in fuch Proportions, and fhall be flocked with fuch Kinds and Number of Cattle, and at fuch Seafons and Times of the Year, and fubjed to fuch Regulations and Orders as the faid Commiflioner, by the Award to be by him made, fhall eftublilh and diredj and the Soil of the Land which fhall be fo allotted for Common Paftures, fhall by virtue of this AS, immediately on the Allotment thereof, be veiled in the Lord for the Time being of the Manor within which the fame fhall be fituated, as the Confervator and Truftee of every fuch Allotment, for the Perfons to whom the Right of Common thereon fhall be allotted.

Refpetfing XXL And be it further enaded. That all Encroachments, exclufive Trents*^" t^ie ^*0ttaoes an^ other Ertdions thereon, taken from the faid Com-7 lt * mon Marfhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands herein-before defcribcd3 within the Space of Twenty Years before the pafT-

i>g

4.8° GE0RG1I III. Cap. 83.	1523

ing of this Aft, or that have been laid open within the laid Space of Twenty Years, (hall be deemed Part and Parcel of the fame Common Mar (lies, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclofed ; and the fame (ball be fet out and allotted to the Perfon or Perfons in PolLffion thereof* if fuch Perfon or Perfons lhali be entitled to snv Share or Allotment uron the faid intended Divifi n and Inclofore, and (hall have been in Pcflefliqn of fuch Encioachment or Encroachments before the Firfl Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and fnall requeft the lame by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under rhe Hand of his, her, or their Att rney or Agtnt> at or before the Third Sitting of the faid Con.m flioncr, fo that fuch Encroachment or Encroachments with the additional Road leading thereto from any general Road, winch the faid Commiflioner is to value as Common or Waite Land, without confidering the Erections and Improvements made thereon, do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which luch Perfon or Perfons (hall be intitled, in lieu of his, her, or their Right of Common ; and if the fame (hall fo exceed fuch Allotment or Allotments, the Surplus (hall be fevered and fenced cut at the Expence of the Perlon or Perfons fo having encroached* and (hail be allotted to fome other Perfon or Perfons intitled to an Allotment or Allotments-, and when it (hall happen that fuch Encroachments 6i Erections have been made by Perfons not intitled to any Right of Common, in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioner lhali fet a Value on all fuch Erections, and the fame (hall pafc, with the Lands in which they (hall happen to (land, to the Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Commiflioner (hall allot fuch Land, he, (he, or they paying to the Perfon or Perfons at whole Expence luch Ereftions were made, fuch Sum of Money as the faid Com-miflioner (hall have valued fuch Erections at; and if fuch Perfon to whom fuch Lind (hall be allotted, (hall refufe to pay fuch Valuation, then the Perlon at whofe Expence fuch Erections (hall have been made, (hail have and enjoy fuch Cottages and Ereftions for fuch Time and at fuch Ground Renr or Acknowledgment, payable to the Perfon to whom the faid Land (hall be allotted, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioner (hall di-reft and appoint.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That when and as foon as the faid Notice for Commiflioner (hall have alcertained the refpedlive Shares, Rights, and In- P^ufing terefts of the faid Proprietors in the laid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low

Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands to be inclofed by virtue of tended Allot* this Aft, and alfo the refpeftive Shares and Proportions by him propofed SJS£tobs to be allot ed to fuch Proprietors reipeftively in lieu thereof, the faid Commiflioner (hall give Notice in Manner aforefaid, of fome convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Perfons interefted may perul'e a Schedule of fuch intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the fame (hall be fet out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of fuch Schedule, as far as the fame relates to fuch Proprietors refpeftively.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it lhali be law- Coaimitfoner ful for the faid Commiflioner, at any Time not exceeding Twelve Calen- may make dar Months next after the faid Allotments lhali be fet our, to make fuch Uoafmhe Alterations in the Allotments and.Fcoces which he may have fet out and

ordered

1524-

Award to be dCfjofued.

Proprietors may fell their A (otmcrAtSf before the Execution of the Award.

48” GEORG 11 III. Cap.ii.

ordered, as he fh-nll think right and exped’enr ; and in cafe any Pcrfon or P ruins fnali happen to be injured by luch Alterations, or on Account c£ any Expences he, Ibe or they may have been ar, the laid Commiflioner fail) afeerta n and determine what Recompence H ail be made to him, her, or them, and (hall direct by whom and in what Manner fuch Re:otnpcnce Hull be made.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled. That the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioner, when inrollcd in Manner diredted by the fa;d fi fl-re* cited Acl, (hall be dtpofired in a Tin Box, and kept for publiek Inspection in the Office of the Cletk of the Peace for the County of Denbigh-, and a true Copy thereof fhali be written on Parchm-nr, and lodged in the Parifh Church cf Abergele aforefaid, for the Pcruiai of all Perfons intercflcd therein.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That it fhali be lawful for any Per-fon or Perfons intercflcd in the faid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Waite Lands at any Time b fore the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioner, to give, grant; bargain, fell, be-m:fr, mortgage, convey, allure, and difpofc of a'l fuch Eflate, Right, and Inter~lt as he, (he, or they hath or have in, to, or upon the fame Common M -rflies, Wafle Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafie Lands, cr in or to any Allotment or Allotments ro be made in refped ihereof by virtue of this Ad, feparate from fuch Eflate in Right whereof he, fhe, or they i«, are or fhali be fo incitled; and every fuch Sale, Demife, Convey* ance, and Difpofition thereof, as well by Will as by any other Inflrument or Affurance, fhail be of the fame Forte and Validity as if made after the Execution of the faid Award; and it fhali be lawful for the faid Comr miffioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to allot fuch Eflate and Interefl as fhali be conveyed or pafs under fuch Affurances as aforefaid, to the Purchafcr or Purchasers thereof, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhali be intitled to the fame by virtue of fuch Difpofition, and he, fhe, or they fhali, immediately after the Execution of fuch Award as aforefaid, have, hold, ufe, and enjoy fuch Allotment or Allotments, and fhali ule and ex-ercife any Adi of Ownerfhip in and upon the fame, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpoies, as the former Proprietor or Vender thereof could or might have done in cafe any fuch Sals or D.fpofition had not been made.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That nothing in this or the faid fir (I recited Acl contained fhali extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke,, make void, alter, or annul any Will, Deed, or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, D.bts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affebting any of the Lands, Grou. ids, and Hereditaments to be divided and allotted, or which (hall be exchanged or afligned in Compensation for any ot er Ef-tate or Right by virtue of this or the faid fiift recited Adi, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedlivt-ly •, but as well the Lands allotted, as the Tene-irnnts and other Hereditaments which (hall be affigned in Exchange or in Compenfution for any other Eflate or Right ihall, immediately after fuch Allotment, Exchange, or Alignment (hall be made, be vefled, remain,

6	and

I52S

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

and enure, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame fhall be allotted, af-figned, or given in Exchange as aforefaid, fhall thenceforth fland and be feifed and poflcfled thereof refpeftively, and lubjeft and liable to fuchand the fame Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Dowers, Jointures, Portions, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances as the Meffuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments, Alignments, and Exchanges, fhall be made, would have been lubjeft to be charged with or affefted by in cafe this Ad had not been pafTed.

XXVII.	And be- it further enafted, That all and every the Coils, Expencesof Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing

this Ad, and of the Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans of the laid Com- a R*te, to ne mon Marfbesj Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Linds hereby direded to be inclofed, and of all other Surveys, Fians, and Ad- direct, meafurements which fhall be made by the Order of the faid CommifTioner, and alfo of valuing, dividing, felting out, and allotting the Lid Common Marfhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands, or any Part thereof, and of forming, making and completing the publick Roads and Ways which fhall be fee out and appointed by virtue of this or the laid Firft recited Act, and of preparing, inrolling, and depositing the laid Award, anil making a Copy thereof, and all other the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of the faid CommifTioner, and of the feveral Perfons employed and confulted by the faid Commiffioner in carrying the feveral Powers of this and the faid Firft recited Act into Execution, or in anyways concerning the fame, fhall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the feveral O wners or Proprietors of, and the Perfons interefted in the faid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wufte Lands (other than and except His faid Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in refpeft of the Allotments for getting Materials as aforefaidj in fuch Shares, Parts, and Proportions., and fhall be paid to fuch Per Ion or Perfons, and at fuch Time or Times, Place or Places, and in fuch Manner as the faid CommifTioner fhall, in and by his faid Award, or by any other Writing or Writings under his Hand, either previous to or after the Execution of his faid Award, order, direct, and appoint, according to the Value of their refpeftive Allotments in the laid Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte Lands-, and the faid CommifTioner is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, as often as he fhall deem it ne-cefTary and proper, to make and form Eftimates of all fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, and to raife the Amount of fuch Eftimates by a Rate or Rates accordingly, fuch Rate or Rates to be approved of by Two Juf-tices of the Peace afting for the faid County of Denbigh, not interefted in the Premifes, and fhall in every fuch Rate exprels the Purpofe to which the fame is to be applied ; and in cafe any of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors fhall refufe or negleft to pay his, her, or their Share, Part, or Proportion,

Shares, Parts or Proportions of fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences, according to luch Order, Direftion, and Appointment as aforefaid, then and in luch Cafe the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the faid Firft recited Aft.	^

4	CommiflionCT

may raife the

XXVIII,	Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared,That if A,rears of at the Time of the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiffioner there

[Loc. &T Per.-]	17 0	fhall	of the a w.

1526	48*	GEORGII	III.	Cap;83.

fliall remain due from anv Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have been ordered, directed, or appointed to be paid by virtue of this Aft, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to levy and raife the fume in like Manner as he might and could have done before the Execution cf his Award.

Tenants for XXIX. And whereas fome of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and «i!y c&Cr»e Grounds within the faid Parifh of Abergele, may have Occafion to borrow •Eft.te with Mopey co oefny their refpeftive Shares of the CulT, Charges and Ex-theExpences. pences 0f obtaining and carrying this Aft into Execution ; be it therefore further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Hulbtnd', Guardians, Trullces, Committees or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Lands and G ounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of the faid Firfl recited Aft a id this Aft, being, under Coverture,. Minors, Lunacicks, beyond the,Seas, or under anv other DiLbilic-y, and for any of the faid Owners or Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or Tenants by the Courtcly <-f England, or otherwife inttrefled in luch Lands and Grounds, to charge fuch Lands and Grounds with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioner (hall by his faid Award, or by Writing.under his Hand, either before or after the Execution of fuch Award, adjudge neceflary to pay and d<fay the Colt*, Charges, 2nd Expenres incident to and attending the obtaining of this Aft, and of ditching, draining and fencing their refpeftive Allotments, and other the Cofts, Charge*, and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, and of chaiging fuch Lands and Grounds as aforelaid, fo that the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be charged (hall not exceed the Sum of Five Po1 nas for very Acre of fuch Lands and Grounds $ and to granc, mortgage, leafe, or demife, or oiherwife iubjeft the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be charged, to fuch Petfon or Perlons who fhal 1 advance and lend the fame refpcftiveiy, his, her or their Executors, Admi-niftrators and Afligrs, for any Term or Number of Years; or in cafe any Perfon in Poflcflijn who lhall or may be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforefaid, or enabled by this Aft to charge luch Lands and Grounds with the lame, lhall choofe to advance, pay, and difchi.rge fuch Sum or Sums of Money, t^en and in every fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful for the f.id Commiflioner, by any Deed or Writing under his Ha d and Seal, to be arefted by Two tr more credible Witneffes, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, lea'e, or demile, or otherwife fubj-ftfuch Lands and G ounds to fuch PeMon or Perfons refptftively paying and dif-chargingfuch Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Ad-miniltra ors and Afligns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of fuch Sum and Sums of Money fo advanced, paid and dif-chargcd by him, her or them, with lawful InterelTfor the lame, to commence on the Termination of his, her or their Right in the Premifes, fo that every fuch Gran >Mortgage, Leafe or Demile be made with a Provifo or Condi ion to ceafe and be void, or with an exprefs Truft to be furren-dered or realigned, when fuch Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fe. cured lhall be fully paid and fatisfied ; and alio with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Iotereft, fo that no Perfon or Perlons afterwards becoming pcflelfcd or entfclcd to any luch Lands and Grounds, lhall be liable to

,	.	pay

48° GEORGII III. CaJ>.S3.	1527

pay any further or larger Arrear of Intereft than for Twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to fuch Pofleflion fhould have commenced; and that every fuch Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Leafe or Demife, (hall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, for the Purpofes thereby intended.

XXX. And be it further enabled. That it Ihall and may be lawful to For and for the faid Commiflioner to fetour, allor, and award any Lands, Te- b£io"S*' nements or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parilh of Abergele, made, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parilh, or within any adjoining Parilh,

Hamlet, or Townfhip; provided that all fuch Exchanges be afeertained, fpecified and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioner, and be1 made with the Confcnt of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which Ihall be fo <xchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors.Ihall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, cr by the Courtcfy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confcnt of the Guardians, Tiuflees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hafbands, Committees, or Attornies of cr acting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as afore Lid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges (hall oe refptftively Infants, Femes Covert, Luna-ticks, or under any other legal Difability, or who (hall be beyond the Seas, or otherwifed Tabled to ad for themfelves, himfolf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teftified in Writing under che Common Seal of the Body Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands cf the other confenting Parties refpedively ; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges foto be made Ihall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclcfialtical Benefice, without the Confent, tefti-jfied as afore laid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged ihall lie and be fiiUate : Provided always, that all Colls, Charges,- and Ex-pc-nces attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, ihall be paid and borne by the leveral Peifons making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioner Ihall by his fad Award order and dired.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioner Ihall be commif-allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day that he fioncr’s Al-ihall be actually employed in any Bufinefs required of him as C 'mmiflioner lojVi‘Hce‘ by the faid recited Ad or this Ad, including Days of neceflary travelling

ns well as others, in full Satisfadion for his Time, Trouble and Expences refpeding fuch Bufinefs.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Money For repaying

which (hall be advanced by any Pcrfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of de-	^nd

fraying the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the foliciting, Imereft there, obtaining and pafling this Ad, or which after the palling of this Ad Ihall on*

be advanced or lent to the faid Commiflioner for carrying the fame into 8	Execution

*$a8	48'GEORGII	111. Cap.83.

Execution, fhall be fepaid, with lawful filtered, from the Time fuch Mo* nry (hali have been actually advanced, to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have advanced the fame, his, her, or their Executors or Adminiftracors, out of the Firft Monies to be raifed under and by virtue of this Aft for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing the fame,

^.Mtaner XXXIII. Ar.d be it further enabled,That once at leaft in each and every 'ouivtgbefoie" Year during the Execution of this A& (fuch Year to be computed from Two juftiees. the Day of the palling thereof) the laid Comtmflioner (hail, and he is hereby required ro make a true and juft Statement or Account of all and every Sum and Sums of M-mey by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution cf this and the faid Firlt re.cited Act; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, fnall be by him laid before Two or more of His Majefty*s Juftiees of the Peace for the faid County of Denbigh (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion or Incioiure), to be by them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance (hall be by fuch Juftnes ftated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the CUrk to the faid Commifiiontr; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlcfs the fame fhall have been duly allowed in Writing by fuch Juftiees.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, heifeif, or themfelves aggrieved, by any Thing done in puriuance of this or the faid Firft recited Ad (other than and except fuch Determinations cf the CommifTioner as are hereby or by the faid Firft recited Ad declared to be final, binding, or conclufive, and except in fuch Cafeswhere an Iflue at Law may be tried as hercin-bcfore is mentioned) then and in every fuch Cafe he, flie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter SefSonsof the Peace to beholden in and for the faid County o i Denbigh next after Four Calendar Months from the Time when the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiflioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, within Twenty-eight Days after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, and Fourteen Days at the leaft before fuch General Quarter Sef-fions i and the Juftiees (not interefted in the Premiles) in fuch befiions af-fembled are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Damages andCofts as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy fuch Damages and Cofts by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of luch Goods and Chattels, after deducing che reafonable Charges of l'uch Warrant, Diftrefs, and Sale ; and every Order and Determination of the faid Juftiees upon every fuch Appeal fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and lhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatloever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminder, or elfewhere; but in cafe fuch Appeal fhall appear to the faid Juftiees to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Juftiees fhall award fuch Cofts, to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcretion fhall leem reafonable, and fuch Cofts fhall be levied in Manner aforefaid.

XXXV. Provided

Perfon* aggrieved* may appeal to the Quarter

Seffions.

4s°georgii hi: Caf-83.	1529

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing in Saving the this Ad contained fhali extend or be conftrued to extend to defeat, lcrflen,

Or abridge tht Powers veiled in the Commiflioners appointed in and by the M-rih Em-f-»id hertin-before recited Ad of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of JgJ^**®* His prelent Majefty.	fionei#.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it furtherenaded, That this Adflnll	,s

rot defeat or prejudice the Right or Intereftof the King’s mod Excellent R‘*hls^to Majetty in or to any Mines. Ores, Minerals, Coal, Lime or Stone, in cr Mi-unacr io much of the laid Commons and Wade Lands as do not lie within m *

ti e Laid Lo'dlhip of Llanddules, or any Part thereof, but that His Ma-j fty. His Heirs and SucrefTors, and his, her, or their Heirs, Lefiees and Gr Jiltees, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, may fearch for, work, dig, raiie, and carry away all Mines,Ores, Minerals, and Coal, as freely 2nd effectually as if this Ad had not been palled ; fave only that they fhali refpec-tivrlv do as little Damage as j.oflible in the Lands to be inclofed as afore-faid, and Ihall make reasonable Saiisfadion and Rtcompence from Time to Time to the Pei ion or Per Ions pofiefled thereof, for all Trefpafs and Damage that fhali be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by fearching for, working digging, raifing, and carrying away the faid Mines, Ores, Minerals, Coal, Lime and Stone, or any of them.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing in And the Bi* this Ad contained Ihall prejudice or defeat the Right or Intereftof the faid fl,“Pg0^?ahnt" L'j'tl Biftiup of Bangor, or his Succtffors, in anu to all Mines, Ores, Mi- * nrrah. Coats, and Qua ries of Lime and Stone, of what Nature or Kind

foever in or under 1 much of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands as lies within rhatPaitcf the faid Lordfhip of Llanddulas which is fituated in the faid Parilh of Abergele \ but the laid Lord Bilhop of Bangor, and his Succeff rs, and thrir relpedive Leffee and Lefiees, Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other Workmen, (hall and may from Time to Time and all Times hereafetr enter into, have, hold, enjoy, fearch and work all M nes and Mineworks, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mines, Ots, Minerals, Coals, and Quarries of Lime and Stone whatfo-evtr, as fully and effc&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as they refpettively could have had, held and enjoyed the fame before the palling of this Act; and for that Purpofe fhali and may ufe all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels already opened and funk, in fo much of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands as lies within that Part of the faid Lordfhip of Llanddulas which is fituate in the faid Parilh of Abergele, and all Machines,

Ei gines' and Buildings, thereon ere&ed or (landing together, with full and free Liberty, Power and Authority to and for the faid Lord Bifhop cf Bangor, and his SuccelTors, and their refpective Leflee and Lefiees, and their and every of their Agents, Servants, Miners, Colliers ar d other Workmen, to fink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every or any Number of Pits,

Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, and open and work all and all Manner of Lime or other Stone Quarries which they refpeclively (hail think neceffary for raifing or getting any Mines, Ores, Minerals, Coal and Lime or Stone whatfoever in or under fo much cf the faid Commons and Wafte Lands only as lies within that Part of the faid Lordfhip of Llanddulas which is fituate in the faid Parilh of Abergele, as well before as after the fame fhali have been inclofed j and alfo toereft any Number of Steam or other Engines, Machine and Machines of what Nature or Kind foeve-,

\_Lcc."& Per.]	iy P	which

*53°

Saving cf Kighu.

Aft to be

printed by the King's

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

which they refpedively fhall think necefTary for the Ufe, Convenience or Advantage of any Mine or Mines whatfoever in or upon their faid Pre-mifes or any Part thereof refpedively, and to place, flack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron and other Ore, Coals and other Minerals, Lime and other Stone, and Matters which fhall be gotten and railed, and all Kubbifh, Earth and Soil, upon fuch Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands laftly mentioned •, and alfo to have, make, and ufe all convenient Roads, Ways, and Railways in, upon, and over the fame Common and Wafte Lands, when incloled, for the Ufe cf any Colliery or Mines funk or made, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the fame ; and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages to take and carry away the Lead; Copper, Iron, Ores, and Coal, Lime, and Stone, and all other Mines and Minerals whatfoever there to be found and railed as aforefaid, and to do all o her realonable and necefTary Ads and Things in and upon fuch Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands laftly mentioned, when incloled, for the difeovery, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and difpofing cf all Mines, Coal, and other Minerals, Lime, and Stone whatfoever, without Moleftation or Interruption whatfoever, in the fame Manner, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as they could or might have done in cafe this Ad had not been made ; fave only that they fhall refpedively do as little Damage as poffible in the Lands laftly mentioned to be inclofed as aforefaid, and fhall make reafonable Satisfaction and Recompeoce from Time to Time to the Perfon or Perfons peffcffed thereof, for all Trefpafs and Damage that ihail be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by fearching for, working, digging, Fairing, and carrying away the faid Mines, Ores, Minerals, Coal, Lime, and Stone, or any of them.

XXXVIII.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to ail and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Corporate and Politick, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Right, Title, EfLte and Inter ft (other rhan thofe meant and intended to be barred and deftroyed by this Act) as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the Common Marlhes, Wafte Low Lands, and other Commons and Wafte L.n :s aforefaid, or any Part thereof, before the paffmgof this Ad, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the paffing of this Ad, or in cafe this Ad had not been made.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be printed by the Printer to'the King’s moft Excellent M j lly *, and a Copy th-reof, fo printed, fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LO NDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 84*

An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Parifli of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk. ,	[27th	May	1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifii of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk, divers Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Walle Grounds: And whereas John Thrujion Mott Efquire is Lord of the Manor of Bodham, and is or claims to be entitled to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds: And whereas the faid John Thrujion Mott is feifed in Fee of the Perpetual Advowfon, Right of Patronage and Prefentation, of, in, and to the Rectory and Parilh Church of Bodham aforefaid, of which Thsophilus Girdlejlone, Clerk, is the prefent Incumbent, and as fuch is entitled to all the Glebe Lands, and to the Great and Small Tithes, and all the Rights and Privileges belonging to the faid Reftory : And whereas r	an Aft was palled in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma-

»	jefty, intituled, An Ad for confolidating in On* Ad certain Provjions ufuallj 4i g

I	inferted in Ads of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the

fever al Fads ufually required on the pajjing of fuch Ads : And whereas the faid Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, are fubject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage,

*	and Common, and great Part of the faid Whole Year Lands and Half

Year or Shack Lands lie intermixed and difperfed in fmail Parcels, and are inconveniently fituated for the feveral Owners and Occupiers thereof; and the faid Doles, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds in their prefent State and Condition yield but little Profit, and it would be advantageous to the feveral Perfons interefled in the Premifes if the faid Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and other Rights and Interefts were extinguifhed, and the faid Lands and Grounds were divided and [Loc. id Per.]	17^,	inciofed,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

inclofed, and fpecific Shares thereof afligned and allotted unto and amongft the feveral Perfons interefted therein in Severalty, in lieu of fuch their refpeftive Rights and Interefts: But as fuch Extinguishment, Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure cannot be accomplifhed and effectually eftablifhed without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that'it may be enaded, and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds fhall be fet out, divided, allotted, and inclofed in Manner herein-after mentioned, and that Daniel Jones of Fakenham in the County of Norfolk Efquire, Thomas Glover Ewen of the City of Norwich Gentleman, and John Dug-more of Swajfham in the faid County of Norfolk Gentleman, and their Suc-ceffors, to be elefted in Manner herein-after mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the faid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Common-able Lands, and Wafte Grounds, and for putting this Aft into Execution, in the Manner and fubjeft to the Rules, Orders, and Direftions herein contained, and alfo fubjeft to the Powers and Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft, except where the fame are hereby varied and altered ; and that all Afts, Matters, and Things authorized and neceflary to be done and executed by the faid Commiftioners in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame fhall be as valid and effeftual, and fhall have the like Force and Effeft, as if all fuch Afts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the Commiflioners herein named or to be appointed in Manner herein mentioned.

For aonoint- II. And be it further enafted, That if any of the faid Commiftioners *ufffionert°m* refQfe or become incapable to aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby or by the faid recited Aft veiled in him or them, or fhall die before all the Powers and Authorities repofed in the faid Commiflioners fhall have been fully executed and performed, it fhall be lawful for the remaining or furviving Commiflioners or Commiflioner, and they and he are and is hereby required by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time within the Space of Thirty Days next after the Refufal, Incapacity, or Death of any fuch Commiflioner or Commif-fioners fhall be known to them or him, to appoint another Perfon (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure) to be a Commiflioner in the room of every fuch Commiflioner fo refufing or becoming incapable to aft, or dying; and every fuch Commiflioner fo to be appointed fhall have the like Power and Authority to execute this Aft and the faid recited Aft as the Commiflioner whom he fhall fucceed was vefted with.

*534

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby required to give, or caufe to be given, public Notice by Advertifement to be inferted in the Norwich Mercury, or fome other public Newfpaper to be circulated in the faid County of Norfolk, of the 1 ime and Place of their Firft and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vefted in them, Ten Days at the lead before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that it fhall be lawful for

the

1535

48° GEORGII III.	Cap.%4;

the faid Commiflioners, at any of their Meetings to be holden in purfu-ance of this Aft, from Time to Time as they fhall find it convenient, to continue fuch Meeting by Adjournment, provided that if at any Meeting appointed to be holden as aforefaid, it fhall happen that only One of the faid Commiflioners fhall attend, fuch Commiflioner may adjourn fuch Meeting to any future Day he fhall fee moft convenient, giving due Notice thereof to the other Commiflioners, and fo on from Time to Time as often as there fhall be Occaflon.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all other Notices neceffary or re- How other quifite to be made and given by the faid Commiflioners, and not herein or ^

by the faid recited Aft otherwife direfted, fhall be fo made and given by Advertifement in the Norwich Mercury, or in fome other public Nevvfpaper to be circulated in the faid County of Norfolk.

V.	And be it further enafted. That all Meetings of the faid Commif- Meetjngs to fioners for putting this and the faid recited Aft into execution, fhall be held Holland Pro-at Holt aforefaid; and that the Proprietors interefled in the faid Whole prietors to Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, and Elpencc5.°WI' Wafte Grounds, and all Perfons claiming to be interefled therein fhall pay

their own Expences, and the Charges and Expences of their Agents and Attornies, when they fhall attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their faid Meetings.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Plan or Survey which has SurJ/} been already made of all or any of the Lands or Grounds within the faid ufe M’orUie * Parifh of Bodham, fhall upon Infpeftion and Inquiry be deemed by the faid Purpofeoftha Commiflioners to be correft and fuflicient for the Purpofes hereby or by

the faid recited Aft intended ; it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to contraft for and purchafe the fame, and to caufe the fame to be made Ufe of by the Surveyor or Surveyors to be by them appointed by virtue of the faid recited Aft, and fuch Plan or Survey fhall, if the faid Commiflioners fhall think proper, be verified on the Oath of the Perfon or Perfons who prepared and made the fame.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall not be lawful for any Per- To prevent fon or Perfons whomfoever, from and after the palling of this Aft until

the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners, to cut, dig, pare, Execution cf grave, break up, flay, or carry away the Turf, Flags, or Soil upon or the Award, from the faid Doles, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds, or any Part thereof, or to fell, lop, top or cut down, take, or carry away any Shrubs, Bullies, Thorns, Ling, Furze, or Whins growing thereon, without the Licence or Confent of the faid Commiflioners in Writing under their Hands firfl had and obtained (which Licence or Confent the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered to grant under fuch Rules, Orders,

Regulations, and Reftriftions as they fhall think proper to infert therein); and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall after the pafling of this Aft, and before the Execution of the faid Award, cut, dig, pare, break up, flay, or carry away any Turf, Flags, or Soil from any Part of the faid Doles, Common-able Lands, and Wafte Grounds, or fell, lop, top, cut down, take, or carry away any Shrubs, Bufhes, Thorns, Ling, Furze, or Whins growing or being in or upon the fame without fuch Licence or Conlent as aforefaid, or having obtained fuch Licence or Confent fhall aft in any Manner 6	contrary

4$* GEORGII III. Cap.84*

contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Reftriftions therein contained, every fuch Perfon being convifted thereof, either by his, her, or their own Confeflion, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wifneffes before any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Norfolk, not being interefted in the faid Doles, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized to adminifter, arid to fummon the Party or Parties complained of, and examine fuch Witnefs or Witneffes relating to the faid Complaint) fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay fuch Sum of Money as the faid Juftice fhall	direct,	not exceeding Five Pounds; and it	fhall be lawful for

fuch Juftice, by	Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Perfon

or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe the faid Penalty to be raifed and levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons offending (Demand having been firft: made thereof) rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Penalty when paid or levied fhall be applied by the faid Commiflioners to the Purpofes of this

a a.

for detjrafa- VIII.	And be	it further enabled, That if any Claim	of the Right to the

mg	aims.	•	g0^ or	Qf any	Rjght 0f Sheepwalk or Shackage,	Common or other

Right or Intereft in or to the faid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Wafte Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by virtue of this Aft, fhall, by Writing to be delivered to the faid Commiflioners at fuch Time as fhall be by them appointed for that Purpofe, in purfuance of the faid hereinbefore recited Aft, be objefted to by any Perfon or Perfons claiming to be interefted in the faid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, and the Party or Parties making fuch Claim fhall perfift therein, then the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required at a Meeting to be by them held for that Purpofe, for which they fhall give Public Notice at leaf! Twenty-one Days before the Time of holding the fame, to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Claim fo made and objefted to and per-fifted in as aforefaid.

For determin- IX. And be it further enafted, That if any Difpute or Difference fhall

ing Differ- arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Allotments touching or concerning the refpeftive Rights, Interefts, Shares, and Proportions which they or any of them fhall claim to have of and in the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or touching any Timber, Wood, Underwood, Bullies, Thorns, Whins, or Furze growing thereon, or concerning any Allowance claimed or to be made for ploughing, fowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grafs Seeds, manuring, or improving the faid Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Allotments, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained fhall authorize the faid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Meffuagcs, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

X. And

48* GEORGII III. Cap.%*.	i53-t-7,

X.	And be- it further enacted. That the faid Comndflioijpfs, Mi* and they are hereby empowered and required to affefs fuch Colts and^ Charges as they fhall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any fuch Determination fhall be made, by the Party or Parses againfl whom the fame fhall be made, and the fame fhall be paid within fuch. Time as the faid Cominiilioners fhall appoint; and if any Perfon ox Perfons fhall negleCt or refufe to pay fuch Colls and Charges within Three Days next after Demand thereof made, the fame fhall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufmg, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiflioners, which Warrant the faid Commiflioners are hereby empowered and required to grant upon Proof on Oath of fuch NegleCt or Refufal and of fuch Demand as aforefaid $ and the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of levying the fame fhall have been deducted, fhall be returned on Demand to the Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

XI.	Provided always and be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Perfon For allowing or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interefled or claiming to be interefled in the faid intended Divifion, Allotment, and by an iffus at Inclofure, fhall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commif- Law* fioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the

Soil, or of any Right of Sheepwalk or Shackage, Common or other Rights or Interefts, in, to, over, or upon the faid Whole Year Lands,

Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, and Wafle Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotment, or Inclofure, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate fo diffatisfied, to try all fuch Claims, Matteis, and Things at Law at the next Affizes to be holden for the laid County of Norfolk, upon a feigned Iffue, provided fuch Determination be made before fuch Aflizes, but if fuch Determination be made within Three Calendar Months next before fuch Affizes, then at the next following Affizes for the faid County; and for that Purpofe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners, fhall caufe an ACtion to be brought againfl the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, within Sixty Days after fuch Determination of the faid Commiffi oners; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch ACtion is and are hereby .required forthwith to appear to fuch ACtion, accept a Declaration, and plead to Iffue (fuch Iffue to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Action fhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties fhall differ about the fame) ; and the VerdiCt or Verdicts which fhall be given in fuch Action or ACtions fhall be final, binding, and conclufiye upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch ACtion or ACtions fhall be brought fhall fet afide fuch VerdiCt or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do as is ufuai in other Cafes; and that after fuch VerdiCt or Verdicts fhall be obtained, and not Let afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to aCt in Conformity thereto, and to lUcM	17	R	allow

»538

Ac* ions not to abate by Death of Forties.

In cafe Ac-

brought, De termination* to be final.

ltSd-t h

of Parties be-fore Actions brought.

Right of Pof-fcrti n of Per-fon6 not to be determined by Cojnniif-fcouers.

Encroach-

Thii tVYears to be deemed Part ot the Lands to be

48° GEO RG11 III. Cap. 84. .

allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Adtion to be brought in purfuance of this Act fhall die pending the fame, fuch Action fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That fuch Orders and Determinations of the faid CommiUioners as fliall have been made as . ore-faid, with refpedt to fuch Claims, touching which no fuch Adtion at Law fhall be brought or commenced and proceeded in within the Time aforemid, fhall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all Perfons whomfoev :r \ any Thing in this or the faid recited Act contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fh^Il have-been made, and againfl whom any fuch Adtion or Actions might have been brought if living, fhall die before any fuch Adtion or Adtions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing fuch Adlion or Adtions, rt fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might 1 ve brought fuch Adtion or Adtions againfl the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the lame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid, againfl fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Com-miflioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Adtion or Adtions, in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living ; and it fhall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Adtion or Adtions in the Name or Names of the Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been adtually living ; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adtion or Adtions.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That nothing in this Adt contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiffioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the PofTeflion of any of fuch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty Years, as hereinafter mentioned; but in cafe the faid Commiffioners fliall be of Opinion againfl; the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in PofTeflion, they fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the PofTeflion fhall have been given up, or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejedtmentor other due Courfe of Law. .

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That all Encroachments which fhall have been made upon the faid Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed,- at any Time withinThirty Years now laft part, fhall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Adt; and in cafe any Difpute or Difputes fhall ar'fe, touching any fuch Encroachment or Encroachments, or Inclofure or Ii\-cfofures, or the Extent or Duration thereof refpgctively, fuch Dif-

9	,Pute

r539

48“ GE O RGII III. Cap. 84.

pute or Difputes fliall be fettled and determined by the faid Commiflioners.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons fliall graze To prevent or keep any Sort of Cattle whatfoeverin or upon any of the public Roads , n put5cZ,Bf or Ways which the faid CommifTioners (hall order and dired to be fet out Roads.

and fenced on both Sides for the Space of Ten Years next after the Execution of their Award, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Horfe, Afs, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb or other Beall which fhall be found therein, to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fliall take and impound the fame; and every Proprietor or Occupier of Lands and Tenements within the faid Parifh, and his or her Servants and Labourers is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every fuch Horfe, Afs, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Bead which fliall be fo found grazing as aforefaid, at any Time or Times after any Quickfets fliall be planted next the faid Roads or Ways fo fenced olf as aforefaid, before the Expiration of the faid Term of Ten Years.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commifiioners fhall Allotment for aflign, fet out and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the So*1‘ aforementioned Manor, or unto fuch other Perfon or Perfons, being Lord

or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors within the faid Parifti, and as fuch is entitled to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby directed to be allotted and inclofed, as in the judgement of the faid Commifiioners fliall be equal in Value to One-eighteenth Part thereof.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commifiioners fliall and Allotment for may and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out and allot fuch MaceTarul Parts or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh of Pod- Gravel pit*. bam, hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, as they fliall think proper as and for public Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public

Gravel, Stone, Clay, Marl, Chalk and Sand Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the fame, to be ufed by the Proprietors of Lands and Eftates in the faid Parifli ©f Bodham and their refpedive Tenants, as well for their own necefiary Ufes within the faid Parifli only, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiflioners fliall by their Award dired or appoint, as in common for the Repairs of the public and private Roads within the faid Parifli, and that fuch Allotments fliall be veiled in the Surveyors of the Highways of the faid Parifli, in Trull for the Purpofes aforefaid, and fliall and may be by them the faid Surveyors from Time to Time let (fubjed to fuch Right of taking Gravel, Stone, Clay, Marl, Chalk and Sand therefrom) for the bell; Rents that can be gotten for the lame, to be applied towards the Repairs of the public Roads and Ways within the faid Parifli.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fliall, in the Allotment! next Place, aflign, fet out and allot unto all and every Perfon or Perfons ^?r R'&ht of having any Right or Rights of Sheepwalk, in, over or upon the faid Half bncc‘',wa Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds

within the faid Par.lh of Bodham, or any Part or Parts thereof, fo much and fuch Part or Parts o! the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direded to

be

I54°

Allotment for the Poor of Bodham for Firing.

Lords of Mahon and Rector to aft t>y Frctfy.

Allotment of Refidue.

Allotments to be marked upon the Plan and (hewn to

48° G E O R G l¥ li?.°	°8*

be divided and allotted as in the Judgment of the faid Commiffehets ffiafl be a Compenfation for and equal in. Value to-his, her, or their feveral and. refpective Rights of Sheepwalk, in, over and upon the faid Half Tear or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands and-Waite Grounds, or ahyPhrt thereof.

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commifiioners fhail, irf the next Place, aflign, let out and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the aforefaid Manor or Manors, and to the ReCtor, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Bodham for the Time being, as Truftees of the Poor of the faid Parifh for ever, fuch Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Lands as fhail be equal in Value to thA Average Value of .fifteen Acres of the Whole of the faid Commons and Wafhe Lands; and the faid Allotment or Allotments fhail be and is and are hereby veiled in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid. Manor or Manors, and the Re&oi , Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Bcdham for ihe Time being for ever as Truftees for the. Poor of the fame Parifh, and fuch Allotment or Allotments fhail be held, ufed, ploughed, tilled, managed, cultivated, demifed, let or otherwife difpofed of in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, fhail from Time to Time deem moil beneficial for the faid poor Inhabitants who Ihall belong to the faid Pariih of Bodham: Provided always, that it fhail be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, and the Reftor of the faid Rettory for the Time being, to a in the Execution of the Trufts hereby repofed in them as aforefaid by his, her, or their Agents or Proxies refpeCtively, fuch Agents or Proxies re-fpeclively being appointed by Writing or Writings under the Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors, and the faid Rector re-fpectively, and producing their Appointment or Appointments at the Time of their adting by virtue thereof.

XXII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifficners fhail then fet out and allot the Refidue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh of Bodham, hereby directed to be divided and allotted unto and amongft the feveral Owners and Proprietors thereof, and unto and amongft; all and every .Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Rights of Shackage, or Common or Commonable and other Rights and Interefts, in, to, over and upon the fame or any Part or Parts thereof, in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commifiioners fhail adjudge and determine to be the Value of and a full Satisfaction and Compenfation to him, her, or them refpeCtively, for his, her, or their refpective Parts and Shares of the Lands and Grounds within the faid Parifh of Bodham hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and far his, her, or their refpective Rights and Interefts, in, to, over and upon the fame.

> XXIII. And be it further enaCted, That the faid .Commiflioners, when and fo foon as they fhail have afeertained the Rights and Interefts of the fe* veral Parties entitled to and interefted in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, fhail caufe the feveral Allotments propofed to be made by them to be diftinCUy laid down aud delineated upon a Map or Plan ; and the faid Commifiioners fhail, at a Meeting to be held by. them for that Purpofe, caufe the faid Map or Plan to be produced for the lnfpe,ction and Examination of the feveral Parties interefted in the hud Allotments j and in

cafe

154*

480 GEORG II III. Cap.%4.

cafe any Obje&ion or Objeftions (hall be made to the propofed Allotments, the Party or Parties making the fame {hall fign and deliver a Statement thereof in Writing to the laid Commiflioners, who fhall immediately, or within a convenient Time afterwards, take the fame into their Confideration and determine the Matter thereof.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to Exchanges and for the faid Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Lands, Te- maybe ma e* nements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifh of Bodbani, in

lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifh, or within any adjoining Parifh, Hamlet,

Townfhip, or Place, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afcertained, fpeci-fied, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and be made with the Confent. of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors fhall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or S' le, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy ot England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other Ufes, Hufbands, Committees, or Attornies of or a&ing for any fuch Proprietors or Owners asaforefaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be refpecfcively Infants, Femes Covert,

1 unatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who fhall be beyond the Seas or otherwife difabled to ad for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be tcfiified in W riting under the Common Seal of the Body Politic Corporate,' or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties contenting rtfpe&ively ; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided neverthelefs, that no Exchange fhall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent teftified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall lie or be fltuate: Provided always, that the Colts, Charges, and Expences Expences of attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions under E*ch,nses the Powers and A uthorities in this Act and the faid recited Act or either of ptid!° °C them contained, fhall be paid and borne by the feveial Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhall order and direft.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this That WilI‘ Act contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make fth*!not void, alter or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Perfon or be affMted. Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds to be

divided, allotted and ir.dofed, or which fhall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof refpectively, but that each and every Proprietor lhall fland and be feifed of the Allotment or Allotments to be aligned and made to him. her, or them as aforefaid, or which ‘hall be given and taken in Exchange, or of which Partition lhal l or may be made in puz-fuar.ce of rhe faid recited Act, to fuch and the fame Ufes and for fuch and ij Per ]	17 S	the

1542	48*	GEORGII	III.	Gkp®»f..

the fame Eftates, and fubject to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Lrmi-tations, Trulls, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the fame Meliuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in refpect where-1 ot fuch Allotments, Exchanges or Ignitions (hall be made, would have

been fubject or liable to be charged with or affected by in cafe the fame had remained uninclofed, unexchanged, or no Partition had been made as aforefaid.

For fencing XXVI. And be it further enacted. That the feverai Allotments of the tbe Ailot- faid Commonable Lands and Wafts Grounds hereinbefore directed to be mtnts. made to the faid Surveyors of the Highways, and for the Bench^ of the poor Inhabitants of Bodhani aforefaid. Iffiali oe iricloied-and fenced in with fuch Ditches, Mounds, or other Fences as the laid Commiffioners {hall think proper, and the feveral F.xpences thereof ■ fliall be raifed and paid in like' Manner as the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame imo Execution, are hereinafter directed to be railed and paid j and that all fuch Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and Fences when made 11 all for ever thereafter be maintained and fuppbited with and out of the Profits and Produce of the faid refpeftive Allotments which may be made to the faid Surveyors and the Truflees of the Poor of the faid Pariffi ; and that all other Allotments of the faid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack' Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, fliall be inclofed and fenced with proper Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, and other Fences to be made, and at all Times thereafter repaired by and at the Expence of the feveral Perfons to or for whom the fame {hall be refpeftively allotreu (except the Reftor of the faid Parifh of Bodham in refpect of any Allotment to be made to him in right of the faid Rectory,) within fuch Time and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall in and by their Award or by any Writing under their Hands previous thereto direct or appoint.

Empowering tbc Cornuli ft • ners to e*

XXVII.	And be%it further enacted. That it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time or Times before the Execution of the faid Award, by Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Door of the Church of Bodham aforefaid, to order and direft all or any Part of the faid Rights of Sheep-walk, Shackage, or Common, or any other Commonable Rights what-foever, in, over and upon the faid Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands and Waite Gr undo, or any Part thereof, to be extinguifh-ed, or the Exercife thereof to be fu founded for and during fuch Time and Times as fliuli be expreffed in fuch Writing; and that all fuch Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage .and Common and other Commonable Rights as the faid Commiffioners fliall by fuch'Wruing order and direct to be extin-guiffied, or the Exerdfe thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, fliall from the Time of affixing fuch Writing on the faid C hurch Door, or from any other Time to be appointed by fuch Writing, ceafe, determine, and be extin-guifned, or the Exercife thereof fliall be fufpended accordingly j any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

co:r.tn fiioiujs XXVIII. And be it further ena&cd, That from and after the Firfl: Day 'criri I f!'= °* September, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand right Huft'ndry. hundred and eight, and until the Execution of the faid Award, all the Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, {hail be 4	fubjeft

1543

4$° GEOR.GII ni. Cap. 84;

fubjtft and liable to fuehDireftions and ReguT tions as the faid Commif-iioners {hall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands appoint, as well with Regal'd Co the Stocking* as to the Ploughing, Folding, Tilling,

Sowing, and Laying down the. fajne, and alio an io .cutting of Ba &e$ and Thoms thereon' ; -and it fhali and -may be lawful to and lor the laid Com-mifiioners to order,and.direftfuc h S urii • or Sams iTM-Uic./ in refpUft thereof, to be paid by-any Perfon.'or Feiions interefteri ih the fisid Lands* or any of them, their m any or either,b£their.Tenants,.io anv■ Pci ion or t*erions iii like Manner intersfted therein,.or hidj her, or they' i do ants, as they the faid Comtniffioners ibalL think reaibnablc; and in. cTe any Perfon or Performs who fhali be directed to pay any Sum Or.SumsxF Money, on any ot the Accounts aforefaid,,; fhali negieftor refirie to rpay the fame on Demand, then, and in lbch Cafe it ihall and .may be lawful far thelfaid Gommi£ioders, and they are hereby authorized andncquired.td bailb anti levy the iarae for the. UfC ahd B.enehtmf Ihe Pcrfonof Periansiendned thereto, byduahWays •and Means as, the; Coils, Gharigedj -and t'.kpdncesi dft olitioriiiig and executing this Aft dan or may be railed and levied.	I

f'.riio 11 t f‘i [•'! jc; 1 v’r.i1 4 jdi’. • . air,

XXIX.	And be it further enafted. That every Aikrfiherit which {hall be For fencing made to the Reftor of thejaid.Parlfi of Bodhan,m in pu nuance of this Aft,	*

for or in refpeft of any MefTuages or 'Glebe Lands belonging to the Church of the laid Parilh of Bodbam^ihall be inclofed and fenced in with fudh Hedges, Ditches, Mounds * or other Fences as the faidiCommiffioners fhad think prioper, and the Expenees thereof raffed and paid in like Manner as the Expenees of obtaining this Aft and of carrying the fame into Execution are herei i direfted to be railed and paid, and fuch Hedges, Ditches,

Mounds, and Fences when made, fhali for ever thereafter be maintained and ftjpported by and at the Expence of the Reftor of the faid Parifli of Bod-ham for the Time being In .refpeft to his Allotment.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That all fuch Parts of the faid Doles, Commonable Lands and "Waite Grounds as fhali be.afhj>ned or allotted to any Perfon or Perfons by virtue of this Aft, for. or in refpeft of any MdC-fuages* Cottages or Tofts, Lanor, Tenements arid Hereditaments, which are holden by Copy of C ourt Roll of the Manor aforefaid, or of any other Manor or Manors, fhali be dated and deferibed in the faid Award as Copyhold, and fhali be deemed and taken to be Copyhold of the. faid Mknor or Manors reflectively ; and the feveral Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold Allotments fhali be made as aforefaid, fhali, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commidinners, or at the Firft General Court Baron for the Admiffion of Copyholders to be holden for the faid Manors next after the Expiration thereof* be admitted Tenants to the fame Allotments refpeftively, without paying any Fine or other Charges to ;he Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Stewards of any of the laid Manors (fave and except the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifite to be ufed for the Copies of fuch Ad millions refpeftively, and fuch reaibnable Fees to the Stewards of the faid Manors, as the Coinmiffioners fhail in and by their faid Award order and direft); but in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Heirs or Affigns, to whom any fuch Copyhold Allotment or Allotments fhali be made, fhali negleft or rtfufe to be admitted Tenant or Tenants thereto within the faid Six Calendar Months, or at the Firft General Court Baron for the Admiffion of Copyholders, to be holden for the faid Manor or Manors next after the Expiration thereof,

then

Dire<5t‘ng that Lauds IhaU. regain -of the

and that Pro-p- e ors of Copyho.-d A lotirems fu ll apph to b; admitted.

154+	48* GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

then it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor or Manors refpe&ively for the rime being, to take and ule all fuch Meafures for compelling fuch Admiffion or Admiffiotis to the faid Allotment or Allotments relpecUvely, as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors is or are now by Law, and according to the Cuftom or Cuftoms of the faid Manor or Manors, empowered to take and ufe for want of a Tenant to any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments holden by Copy of Court Roll of the laid Manor or Manors, and in fuch Cafe the fame Fine, Fees, and other Payments (hall be due and payable on fuch Admiffion or Admiffion* refpe&ively, as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies and Stewards of the faid Manor or Manors, are now by Law, and the Cuftom of the fame Manor or Manors, entitled to take and receive upon Admifficns to any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, holden by Copy of Court Roll of the faid feveral Manors refpectively; and that from and after the firft Admiffion all the faid Copyhold Allotments, (hall for ever thereafter be held under and fubjed to the fame Fines and Services as the faid Copyhold Lands and Tenements refpt&ively, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotment (hall be made, are now fubject and liable to; and that all other Parts of the faid Doles, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds, which (hall be affigned or allotted unto any Pe;fon or Perfons by virtue of this Act, for and in refpect of any Freehold or Leafehold Meffuages, Cottages or Tofts, Lands, Tenement , and Hereditaments, (hall be deemed and taken to be Freehold and Leafehold, and (hall be held and enjoyed as fuch accordingly, fubject neverthelefs to fuch Rents, Payments, Cuftoms, and Services, as the refpective Lands and Tenements, in refpect whereof the fame (hall be affigned or allotted, are now fubject and liable to.

In cofe any XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Peifons hath Pcrion (hall or have fold, or contracted or agreed to fell, or (hall before the Execution mon Right?* of the faid Award fell, contract, or agree to fell, his, her, or their Right, the Allotment Intereft and Property in the faid Doles. Commonable Lands and Wafte the^Pur^610 Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and chai'«r. in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer in every fuch Sale, Contract or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Affigns, for and in refpect of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold, or contracted for or agreed to be fold as aforefaid; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, or his or her Heirs or Affigns, (hall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Lands fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofcs, as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contract or Agreement could, might, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale, Contract or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Right, Intereft, or Property had been veiled in fuch Vendee at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforefaid.

tor vacating XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Leafes and other Agree-Rack R^nr	ments at Rack or extended Rent, which are now fubfifting of all or any

,C iU	Part or Parts of the Farms, Lands, and Grounds hereby directed to be di-

vided, allotted, and inclofed, either alone or together with any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (hall, as to fo much of the faid Lands and Grounds as are hereby directed to be divided and inclofed, ceafe, determine, and be void, immediately upon fuch Allotments being made and

fuch

*545

48" GEORGII JU.

fuch Award being excepted as herein-before mentioned, or within fuch fut;-ther Tithe as the faid Cplh^i?fi6d£i*s Jh^rapp&nt; th'e fefpedive Tenants or Leflees pfthefa'mc Fa'r/nsx Land?", and FrerniHes, receiving from the reflective Owners and Propnet^s^t^erepT'fuet^ Suih of Money as the-laid Com,-miffioners (hall aftertajh^TeaMaHfc to be paid to fuch Tenant dr Tenants as an Equivalent f<»r the fame; and if the Money fo to be-afeertained as aforefaid fiiall not be paid to the Perfoif-br Perfons entitled to receive die fame, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it- lhall and-may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby.required to raifeand levy the .fame for the Ufe and Benefit dr die Perfon -or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Coils,-Charges, and Expences df obtaining and executing this -Ad can or may be raifed and levied: Provided always, that if there lhall be any L eafe -ofE and.s, - Par t of which lhall lie' in the faid Parifii of Bodham and Part in any adjoining Parifh, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes upon Rack Rent now-Tubfifting may be vacated; -but where any Land lhall have been taken-in Exchange, which Land lhall be under Leafe, and wholly fituate in an adjoining Parifh, die-Leafe of Tire h lafl-mentioned Land lhall not be vacated.	—'

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That the leveraKSums of M-O'iley For paying which lhall be paid to the faid Commifiioners fortheif Trouble- and - At- ^e^x^ce# tendance in the Execution of this Ad, over andbefides their reafonafcle.aTid ° neceffary Expences, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by

them for furveyingand meafuring, planning and mapping the laid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Doles, Commonable Lands, G@m> mons and Wafts Grounds to be divided; allotted and mclofed by. virtue of this Ad, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in refped whereof £ Right of Common or other Right or Interefl thereon or therein lhall be claimed, and alfo the Colls and Charges in any way oceafioned by, incident to, and attending the obtaining and palling this Act, and of-valuing, dividing and allotting the faid Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands,

Doles, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waite Grounds, and of pre-paring and enrolling the Award of the faid Commiflkmers, and all other neceffary Expences of the Perlbns employed by the Laid GommilTioners in and about the Premifes, and of all public Works, and all other Colts,

Charges, and Expences of carrying this and the faid recited-Ad into execution, lliall be borne and defrayed by thefeveral Ptrlons to whom Allotments lhall be made by virtue of this Ad (other than and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the faid Parifh of Bodham for and in refped of the Allotments to be made to them jind die feveral Perfons to whom the laid Allotment for the Ufe and Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of Bodham aforefaid, and alfo other than and except the Redor of the faid Parilh of Bodham, in refped of any Allotment to be made to him as aforefaid in right of the faid Redory, and alfo fave and except fuch Perfon and Perfons whofe Property within the faid Parilh of Bodham lhall not, in the Judgment of the faid Commifiioners, exceed the Yearly Value of Six Pounds' at the 'lime of making the faid Allotments) in fuch Shares and Proportions, to be ascertained by the faid Commifiioners, and flpl be paid by them the faid Proprietors refpedively, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Commilfioners lhall in and by their Award dired and appoint for that Purpofe.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful for die faid For paying Commifiioners to borrow and take up at Interefi: of any Perlcn or Perfons I,,tereft oa willing to advance and lend the fame, .fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (bull

LLoc.& Per.]	17 T	from

1546	4-&0	G E O R G11 III. Cap. 84.

^huAc?c{	Time	to	Time	be neceflary for defraying the Charges and Expenees

of palling this Aft and carrying the fame into Execution ; and that the Monies which (hail be fo advanced for the Purpofe aforefaid, (hall be repaid with lawful Intereft to fuch Perfon or Perfons out of the firft Monies which (hall be raifed from the feveral Proprietors as herein-before mentioned and directed for defraying the Expenees of obtaining and executing this

to°UT^heirn£rfc XXXV. And be it further enafted, That once at lead m each and every Accounts be- Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from for* a Juftice. the Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required to make a juft and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expenees in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, (hall be by them laid before one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance (hall be by fuch Juftice or Juftices dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the faid Com-miffioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unlefs the fame (hall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices.

Allowing an ^	XXXVI. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall

QpartcrS°ef-he think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur-fioiw.	fuance	of	the	faid recited Aft or this Aft (other than and except fuch Or-

ders and Determinations of the faid Commiffioners as are by the faid recited Aft or this Aft direfted to be final, binding, and conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes wherein an Iflue at Law (hall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every fuch Cafe he, (he, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which (hall be holden for the faid County of Norfolk, at the Shire Hall of the City of Nonjoich aforefaid, within Four Calendar Months next after the faid Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving the faid Commiffioners, or the Party or Parties intended to be appealed againft. Fourteen Days Notice of fuch Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices in their faid General Quarter Seffions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and award fuch Cofts and Damages as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and to levy by their Order or Warrant the Cofts and Damages which (hall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; which Determination of the faid Juftices (hall be final and conclufive on all Parties concerned, and fnali not be removed by Certiorari or any other Wiit or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler or elfewhere; but in cafe fuch Appeal (hall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous or without Foundation, then the faid Juftices (hall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them the faid Juftices in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and to be levied in Manner aforefaid.

General	XXXVII.	Saving	always	to	the	King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His

Saving. Heirs and Succelfors, and to all and every other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies 9	Politic

*547

48'GEORGH III. Cap. 84.'

Politic and Corporate and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succeflors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Eilate, Right, Title, and Intereft (other than and except fuch as are meant and expreffed to be barred, de-ftroyed, and extinguiihed by this Aft) of, in, to, or out of the faid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been paired.

XXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That this Aft ihall be printed by Act to te the Printer to the King’s moil Excellent Majelty; and a Copy thereof fo printed, ihall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juilices, and Printer, others.

LONDON: Printed by Georce Eyre and Andrew StrahaN, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majeily. 1808.

.• .i

'' . r?	'■	■	i

.

■:	_	.-I*	».	:	■	_	j	.	..	r	i	tn:	;	.

• . r , rt » p ■ .■

...... . ,



XT f : 7! '-a I-j C J

t. ‘ 'i .	*





&

V







r- ■ j - -tW’ iT-7

V.',	,	■

■ m





Cap. 85.

An Aft for dividing Lands in theParifh of Wicklewoody in the County of Norfolk. [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parifh of Wicklewood, in the County of Norfolk, divers Inclofures and Fields of Arable Land, Meadows, and Pafture Grounds, and other Lands, Commons, and Wade Grounds, which are computed to contain together One thoufand and five hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable John Lord Wodehoufe is Lord of the Manor of fVickle-wood, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, or fome Part thereof: And whereas Richard Heber Enquire, and Elizabeth the Wife of William Kelt Efquire, are Lord and Lady of the Manor of Wicklemood Ampnors, and claim to be entitled to the Soil of the laid Commons and Waite Grounds, or fome Part thereof} and the faid Richard Heber and Elizabeth Kelt are feifed of, or entitled to, the Rectorial or Great Tythes of and arifing from the Lands and Grounds in the faid Parifh of Wickleweod; and the faid Richard Heber and E izabetb Kelt are Patrons of the Vicarage of Wicklevmd aforefaid : And whereas the Reverend Samuel Routh is the prefent Vicar of the Vicarage of IVickle-•ti'oed aforefaid, and in Right thereof is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tithes, and other Dues, Rights, and Interests within the faid Parilh of Wicklewood: And whereas the faid J.hn Lord IVcdeboufe, Ri. chard Heber, Elizabeth Kett, the Reverend Samuel Routh, the Reverend Ellis Burroughes, the Reverend Wiiiiam Papillon, the Reverend John Col-man, ‘Thomas Taw-lt Oilman, William Dam I, and divers other Perfcns [Lac. Per.J	17	U	refpetdvely,



«55°

♦xG.j. c. .

dommif-fioners appointed.

11 eft* on of new Commif-fioner*.

48® GEORGII III. Cap.85.

refpedively, arc ths Owners and Proprietors of all the Meflliages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, fituate and lying within the faid Patifh of Wicklewood: And whereas an Ad was paffed in the Forty-fir ft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. Art Ad for conjolidating in One Ad certain Provijtons ufually infer ted in Ads of Inclofure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufually required on the puffing of fuch Ads: And whereas the faid Arable Lands, Meadows, Paftures, and other Lands, lie intermixed and difperfed in fmall Parcels,, and are therefore inconvenient to the feveral Occupiers, and of lefs Value to the refpedive Proprietors thereof, and the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds in their prefent State yield but little Profit, ana are incapable of much Improvement, and it would be beneficial to the feveral Ferfons incercfted, if the feveral Rights to which the fame are now fubjed were extinguifhed, and if the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds, together with all fuch Arable Lands,. Meadows, Paftuies, and other Lands, were divided, and fpecific Parts or Shares thereof allotted unto and mciofed by the feveral Perfons interefted therein, according to their feveral and refpedive Eftates, Rights, and Interefls: Rut as fuch Extinguilhmenc, Divifion, and Allotment cannot be effeded without the Aui hor.ty of Parliament j may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be en ded j and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That John Dugmore of Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, Gentleman, William Unthank of the Ciry of Norwich, Gentleman, nd John Mitchell of Wymondhamy in the faid County of Norfolk, Gentleman, and their Succeflbrs, to be eh ded in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for valuing, dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclofing the faid Arable Lands, Mead >ws, Paftures, and other Lands, Commons, and Wafte Grounds in Wickle-iit'ood aforelaid, and for carrying this Ad into Execution, fubjed to mch of the Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Regulations, Reftridions, and Provifions contained in the faid recited Ad, as are not altered, varied, or otherwife provided for by this Ad ; and ail Ad', Matters, and Things authorized or neceflary to be done and executed by the faid C mmiflLners jn purfuance of this Ad, and the faid recited Ad, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame fhall be as good, valid, and effedual, and fhall have the fame Force and Effcd, as if fuch Ads, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the Commiflioners herein-before named, or to be appointed as hereafter mentioned.

II.	And be it further enaded. That if any of the Commiflioners herein ' named, or to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, fhall before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities vefted in them die, or refufe or become incapable to ad in the Execution of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall be lawful for the furviving cr remaining Com-miffioner ©r Commiflioners, and he or they is and are hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after fuch Death, Refufal, or Incapacity fhall be known to him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint another Perfon not interefted in the Premifes, to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of each Commiffioner fo dying, or refuting or becoming incapable to ad; and every Commiftioner fo to be appointed as aforefaid fhall, after taking and fubfcribmg the Oath or A/Sr-t *//	mation

i5Si

43° GEORGII 111. Cap:8s-

matidn pftfcribed in that Behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the faid Teeiced Aft and this Aft into Execution in all Refpefts, as if he had been named a Commiffioner In this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners (nail, and N0t»?0* they are hereby required, to caufe Notice in Writing of the Time and ectings* Place of their Firft and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Aft, to be inferted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury if then publifhed, and if not, then in fome other publick N wfp.iper then publifhed or circulated in the County of Norfolk, Eight Days it leaft before every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) •, and if at any Meeting appointed to be Holden by the faid Commifiioners, no more than One Commiffioner fhall attend, then and in every fuch Cafe, the Commiffioner attending may adjourn fuch Meeting to fuch Time and Place as he Hull think mofl convenient, giving Notice of fuch Adjournment to the abfent Commifiioners: Provided always, that all fuch Meetings for carrying this Aft into Execution fhall be holden either in the faid Parifh of lVickkwood% or within Eight Miles thereof.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all other Notices neceflary to be given by the faid Commifiioners, in purfuanee of this Aft or of the faid recited Aft, for any Purpofe whatever (except fuch Notices as are in and by this Aft authorized or particularly direfted to be given in any other Manner), (hall be published and given by Advertifement to be inferted in the faid Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury if then publifhed, and if r.ot, then in fome other Newfpaper publifhed or circulated in the County of Norfolk, and in and by Writing to be affixed upon the principal Door or other confpicuous Part of the Parilh Church of IVicklewood aforefaid ; and all fuch Notices fo given fhall be deemed to be well and fufficiently publifhed and given, and full and fufficient Notice to a'I Parties concerned, refpefting all rhe Matters and Things to which fuch Notice fhall relate; any Thing in the faid recited Aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywiie notwithftanding.

Other Notice!

V.	And be it further enafted. That in order to fhorten the Boundary To fhortenin* Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Aft direfted to be divided jjfoun<JarJr and allotted, and the adjoining Parifhes, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, with the Confent in Writing under the Hands of the Lords or Ladies cf the Manor or Manors, and of the Majority in Value (to be afeertainea by the Affcffinent to the Poor Rate), of the Land Owners interefled in any Commons or Wafte Grounds adjoining to the faid Parifh of IVicklewood, and alfo under the Hand of any Owner of any adjoining Land upon which any fuch Fence (hail be intended to be made, to fet our, afeertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds by this Aft direfted to be divided and allotted, and die Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, as they fhall judge proper for the Purpolts aforefaid *, and after fuch Boundary Fences (half be fo fee out. afceriained, and determined, the fame fhall be fenced by fuch Perfons, in fuch Manner, and at fuch Times as the faid Com-mifiioners fhall direft, and fhall for ever thereafter be deemed and be taken to be the Boundary between the faid Parifh of Wicklewood and fuch adjoining Parifh or Parifhes j any Law, Ufage, or Cultom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VI, And

15 5 2

Erur.>ach. meats within Thirty Years to be allowable; beyond Thirty Years confirmed.

Encroachments to be allotted to Perfons in Poffeflion, if &c. or to be ibid.

Licenfed Encroachments.

PofefTon

confirmed.

bat Right of

Common

difallowed.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That all Encroachments which fhali have been made within Thirty Year? laft paft, upon the Commons and Wade Grounds by this Ad direded to br divided and allotted, (hall be deemed Parc of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds to be fo divided and allotted; but no fuch Encroachments which fhali have been made more than Thirty Years, lhall be liable to the Claim of any other Perlon againft the prefent PcfTefibr, on the Ground of fuch Encroachment having heretofore been Part of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds; and in cafe any Difputes fhali arife touching any fuch Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, fuch Difputes (hall be determined by the faid Com-miflioners.

VII.	Provided always, and beitenaded, That the Lands and (founds comprized in any Encroachments which fhali have been maoe wui: 1 Thirty Years laft paft, fhali (without regard to the Value vf anv In pi. ' ments fince made thereon), be allotted to the Perfon or Per or.s ? feffton thereof, fo far as he, fhe, or they fhali be entitled to an. rV ment of fufficient Value by virtue of this Ad, and fhail defire iu croachment to be fo allotted, and fhali fignify fuch Defire i Win

the faid Commiffioners at their Firft or Second M airg ;o be h purfuance of this Ad; and in that Cafe the Value ».r fuc.i ments fhali, as Circumftances require, be deduded fr me; Compenfation for the Allotment or Allotments to which fact* i Perfons fhali be entitled under this Ad; but if the Perlon o. P Poffeflion of fuch Encroachments (hall not be entitled to any Ash, by virtue of this Ad, or fhali not be entitled to an Allotment of min Value to admit of fuch Dedudion for the Value of fuch Encroachmt being made as aforefaid, then and in either of thofe Cafes, the Whole o* the furplus Quantity (as the Cafe may be), of fuch Encroachments, lhall be fold by the faid CommifTioners, and conveyed by them in Fee Simple to any Perfon or Perfons who fhali become the Purchafer or Purchafeis thereof, and the Money arifing from fuch Sale or Sale^ lhall be applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Ad ; and the Overplus, if any, fhali be applied and difpofed of in Manner hereinafter di reded.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhali extend to prejudice or diminilh the Right of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to any Encroachments upon the faid Commons and Waite Lands, notwithftanding the fame fhali have been made within Thirty Years now laft paft, in cafe the fame lhall have been made by virtue of any Licence, Confent, or Grant from the Lord or Lords of either of the Manors before mentioned; and which Licence, Confent, or Grant fhali, before the palling of this Ad, have been entered or enrolled in the Court Books of one ot the aforefaid Manois ; and that no Perfon or Perfons who, at the parting of this Ad, fhali be in the Pofieflion of any Encroachments heretofore made by virtue of any fuch Licence, Con-fenr, or Grant as aforefaid, fhali at any Time hereafter be liable to the lawful Suit, Claim, or Interruption of any other Perfon or Perfons whoever, on the Ground of fuch Encroachment having heretofore been Part of the Commons and Wafle Grounds: Provided always, that no Perfoa or Perfons poffcfling any Encroachment whatever fhali, in refped theieuf, be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments out of the Commons and

9	W-fte

*5 53

48°GEORGII III. Cdf85.

Wfifte Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, if fuch Encroachment (hall at any Time within Sixty Years now lafl pad, have been Part or Parcel of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That if any Difpute or Difference (hall Ccmm'f-arife between any of the Parties interdled or claiming to be interfiled in oitferci’ccs^* the faid inrended Divifion and Allotments, touching or concerning the refpeitive Rights and Interefts, Shares and Proportions which they or any

of them (hall claim to have in, to, or over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Timber, Wood, Underwood, Bodies, Thorns, Whins, or Furze growing thereon, cr concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Allot* ments, it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame :

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con- Qcmmif-ftrued to extend, fo as to enable the faid Commiflioners to determine the determine110 Title to any Mcffuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments x.ties. whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enafled. That in cafe the faid Comnrflioners Connuf-(hall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-je&ion or Obje&ions, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this Act or

the faid recited A£t, or upon the Hearing and Determination of any Difpute or Difference as aforefaid, fee Caufe to award any Coils, it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, afiVl’s, and award fuch Cofls and Charges as they (hail think reafonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the (aid Commif-fioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, or Cody or B .dies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whefe Claim or Claims, Obje&ion or Objections (hall be thereby difallowed or over ruled, or againft whom the faid Commiflioners (hall have determined as aforefaid j and in cafe the Perfon cr Pe'fom, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, cr Collegiate, who (hall be liable to pay fuch Cofls and Charges, fhall neglefl or refute to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Perfon vvnom-feever, to raufe fuch Cofls and Charges to be levied by Diffrefs and Sale cf the Goods and Chattels cf the Perfon cr Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, fo neglecting or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Colleg ate, whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofls and Charges attending fuch Diflrefs and Sale.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in cafe any Per- power to try fon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, ,in- Rights by sm terefted or claiming to be interdled in the faid intended Divifion and Allot-

ments, (hall be dilfatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commif- 6 fioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right or Jn-terefl in, ever, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Boeies Politick,

[Loc.	Per.]	17 X	Corporate

*554

IF no Atfion,

Death of Patties not to flop Pro-

Trial not to fuFpenA the Execution of the Powers of this Aft.

Death of Parties before AAions

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 85.

Corporate or Collegiate, fo diffatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commifiiorers, at the then nexc or at the following Afiizcs to be holden for the laid County of Norfo!k> and for that Purpofc the Perfon or Pcrfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who fhall be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Ccmmiffiontrs, fhall within One Month next after fuch Determination lhall be made and declared, caufe an Action to be brought upon a feigned UTue againft the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whole Favour fuch Determination lhall have been made ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adtion or Actions lhall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who (hall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Iffue or I Hues whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (fuch Ifiue or Ifiues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Adtion or Act ons lhall be commenced, in cafe the Parties lhall differ about the fame); and the Verdidt or Verdidts which lhall be gwen in fuch Adi ion or Adlions fhall be binding, final, and conclufive upon all Pcrfons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Action or Adlions lhall be brought lhall fet afide fuch Verdidt or Verdidls and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do if the laid Court (hall think proper; and after fuch Verdidt or Verdicts lhall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Courr, the laid Commilfioners lhall, and they are hereby required, to adt in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials.

XII.	Provided always. That the Determination of the faid Commif-fioners touching fuch Claim or Claims, of the Rights or Interefts in, to, over, or upon the. Lands and Grounds hereby dirtdted to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, which lhall not be objected to, or being cb* jedted to, the Party or Parties objedting lhall not caufe fuch Adtion at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be binding, final, and conclufive upon all Parties : Provided alfo, that if any of the Parties in any fuch Adtion to be brought as aforefaid, fhall die pending the fame, fuch Adtion fhall not abate by Realon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Death had happened.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That no fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforefaid, nor any Difference, Difpute, or Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, lhall impede or delay the faid Commilfioners in the Execution of this Adt; but the Divifion and Allotments hereby diredted to be made (hall be proceeded in notwithftanding any fuch Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Peifons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid fna 11 have been made, and againft whom any luch Adtion or Adtions might have been brought if living, lhall die before any fuch Adtion or Adtions (hall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hertin-before limited for bringing luch Adtion or Actions, it Pnuil be lawful for the Pcrlon or

6	Perfons,

15 5 5

+8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 85.

Perform, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Action or Adibns againft the Perfon or Perfons lo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the laid Comrrif-fioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Adi ion or Adions, in the lame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ftrved the ewith if living; and it (hall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heir1:, or ether Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit oi fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appearand defend fuch Adion or Adtions in the Name or Names of ths Perlon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (hall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been adually living-, and the Rights of all Parties (hall be equally bound and concluded by the Event cf fuch Adion or Adtions.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Perfons :'n Adt contained (hall extend to enable the laid Commifiioners to deiermii e mdcftt°d any Right between any Parties contrary to the Poflefiion of any of fuch without due Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of of Thirty Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in cale the faid Commif-

fioners (h 11 be of Opinion againft the Right of the Perfon or Perlons fo in Poflefiion, they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Poflefiion (hall have been given up, or recovered from (uch Perfon or Perlons by Ejedment or other due courfe of Law.

XVI.	And be it further erad-'d, That if any Petfon or Peifons (hall Turves not after the pafiing of this Adt cur, dig, pare, grave, flay, take or carry away AdTaffed1^ any Turves, FIigs, Whins or Furze in, upon, or from the faid Commons

and Wafte Grounds, without or contrary to the Licence of the faid Com-mifiioners firit obtained in Writing for that Purpofe (which Licence the faid Commifiioners are hereby empowered to grant, under fuch Regulations and Rcftridions as they (hall think proper to infert th-rein) then and in every (uch Cafe the Lid Commifiioners, upon Proof thereof made before them Uj on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, (hall and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, direded to any Perfon cr Perlons whonfoever, to caufe any Sum of Money net exceecing Five Pounds, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or P funs fo < (fending, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to ih Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (ball have been fodiftrained and fold, alter deduding the Colts and Charges attending fuch Dftiels and Sale; and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid, Application (hail be appltd towards defraying the Cofts and Charges of obtaining and ot Penalties, executing this Ad.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid ForextJn_ Commifiioners at any Time or Times before the Execution of their Award, guifhingor to order and di ed, by Notice under their Hands to be for that Purpofe

given and (fixed to the principal Door or other confpicuous Part of the Common Parifh Church ol IVicklewcod aforefaid, all and every or any Rights or ^°^tllc Right whatever, in, over or upon the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds or any Part thereof to be exringuifiied, or the Exercile thereof to be fuf-pended for and during (uch l ime and Times as (hall be exprefied in fuch Notice; and all and every fuch Rights and Right which the faid Com-miflioners (hall 16 order and dired lo be extirguiflied, or the Exercife

thereof

\556	^‘GEO^H III,', Cap. 85.

the'eof to be fufpended as aforeftid, (hall from the Time of affixing fuch Notire on the'fahi Church Door, draft, determine, and be excir.guifhed, or the Exercife thereof IhJl be fufpended accordingly; any Law, LJfage or Cuftom to the contrary noiwithflanding.

Kolltfo he XVIII. And be it further enabled. That the faid Commiffioners fhail

let out, &c« and they are hereby authorized and required, in the firft Place, before they Aril proceed ro make any of the Divifions and Allotments direded by this Ad, to fet out and appoint all and every the public Carriage Roads and Highways in, through, and over the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and aborted, and to divert, turn and ftopup any of the prefent Roads in, through, or over any Part of the faid Lands and Grounds, as rhfi faid Commilfiontrs (hall judge necefiary; (o as the Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiffioners, fhail be and remain Thirty Feet wide at the leaft, and be fet out in fuch Directions as (ball upon the whole appear to them moft commodious to the Public; and the faid Commiffioners are further required to after tain the fame by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare and fi'gn a Map in which fuch intended Road fhail be accurately laid down and drftribed, and to caufe the fame when fo figned to be depofited with their Clerk for the lnljseftion of all Perfons concerned; and as foon as may be afterwards, the faid Commiffioners fhail give Notice in one of the public Newfpapers then publilhed or circulated in the County of Norfolk, and alfo in and by Writing ro be affixed 'Upon the principal Door or other confpicuous Parc of the Pariffi Church of IVickleivood aforefaid, of their having fo let out fuch Roads, and depofited fuch Maps as aforefaid, and alfo of the general Lines of fuch intended Carriage Roads; and fhail alfo appoint, in and by the faid Notice, a Meeting to be held by the faid Commiffioners at fome convenient Place in V/ieklezvocd aforefaid, or within Eight Miles thereof, and not ftoner than Fourteen Days from the Date and Publication of fuch Notice; and at fuch Meeting, if any Perlon who may be injured or aggrieved by the fetting out of fuch Roads, (hall attend and objed to the fetting out of the fan e, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Commiffioners together with any Ji-ftice or Juflices of the Peace ading in and for the Divifion in which the faid Parith of IVicklewood is fituate, and not being intertfUd in the faid Divifion and Allotment, fhail hear and determine fuch Obj.dion and the Objedions of any other fuch Perfon, to any Alteration that the faid Commiffioners together with any fuch Juftice or Juflices may in confequence propofe to make; and the faid Commiffioners and fuch Juftice or Juflices as aforefaid fhail and they are hereby required, according to the belt of their Judgment upon the whole, to o:der and finally dired how fuch Carriage Roads fhail be fet out, and either to confirm the faid Map or make fuch Alterations therein as the Cafe may require; arid all Roads, Ways and Paths, in, through, and over the laid Parifh of fVicklewood) or any Part thereof, which fhail not be fet out or fim lv ordered and direded as aforefaid, (hall be for ever flopped up and extiiiguifhed, and fhail be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Ad, and fhail be divided and -’! . .1 accordingly : Provided always, that none of the prefent R ; c . within the faid Parifh of Wlcklrwood (hall be (hut up and difeo’mimred, until the Roads which lhali be intended to remain or be the public Roads in future /hall be let out in the Manner by this Ad direded,

and

*557

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

and until the fame fhall be properly formed and made fafe and convenient for Horles, Cattle and Carriages*

XIX. And be it further enafled, That the laid CommifTioners fhall Allotment (after fetting out fuch public Roads and Ways) affign, fet our, and allpoo, l .ha »i-unto the Lords or Ladies of the feveral Manors before mentioned* and to untslegaiiy the Vicar of the Vicarage of Wicklewood-, and to the Churchwardens and feltle * c' Overleers of the Poor of the laid Parilh of Wicklewood for the Time being, and to their Succeffors for ever, as Truftees for the poor Inhabitants of the Laid Parilh ot Wicklewood legally fettled therein, fuch Parc or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds (not exceeding Twelve Acres in the whole) as the faid CommifTioners fhall think mod proper and judge realonable for the Purpofes herein-after mentioned j and fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall on the Execution of the Award of the faid G mmif-fiontrs be veiled in the laid Lords or Ladies of the faid feveral Manors before mentioned, and the Vicar of the faid Vicarage, and the Church* wardens and Ovcrfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Wicklewood for the Time beins for ever, as Truftees for the faid poor Inhabitants or the faid Parifh of Wicklewood legally fettled therein j to the Intent thar the faid Truftees for the Time being fhall permit and fuller the poor Inhabitants of the Lid Parifh of Wicklewood, who fhall be legally fettled therein, to cut, take, and ufe Turf, Peat, and Fuel (if any there be) on fuch Part or Pa ts of the faid Allotment or Allotments, in fuch Quantities and at fuch Time or Times in each and every Year and under fuch Regulations and Reftri&ions as the faid Truftees for the Time being or the major Part of them fhall direct or appoint and not otherwife j and the faid Truftees for the Time being or the major Part of them are alfo hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to Jeafe or demife the whole or fuch Part and Parts of the faid Allotment or Allotments which fhall not produce Turf, Peat, or Fuel, as they from Time to Time fhall think proper, to any Perfon or Perfons whom* foever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty-one JYears, to commence in PofTcflion and not in Reverfion ; fo that in every fuch Leafe there be referved and made payable to the laid Truftees for the Time being or the major Parc of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the bell and moft improved yearly Rene or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Pie* mium, or Foregift in confideration of granting any fuch Leafe ; and fo as in every fuch Leafe there be contained proper and fair Covenants on the P-rt of the Leffce for the Ufage and Management of the Land thereby demifed, and for leaving the lame in a proper State and Condition at the Expiration of every fuch Leafe j and fo as in every fuch Leafe there be contained a Power of Re-entry for Non-performance of the Covenants therein contained, and for the Non-payment of the Rent thereby referved, within a reafonable Time to be therein limited, after the fame (hall happen to become due, together with all other ufual Covenants, Stipulations, and Provifoes between Lefiors and Lefiees, and fuch Security for the Performance of the fame as the faid Truftees, or the major Part of them.

Hi all think moft proper to be inferted therein •, and the Rents and Profits arifing from the faid Allotment or Allotments fo let and demifed, ihall from T ime to Time be laid out in the Purchafe of Fuel, and luch Fuel fhall be diftributed amongft fuch poor Inhabitants as aforefaid of the faid Parilh of Wicklewood, who fhall be legally fettled therein, in fuch

[L§c.	Per,']	17 2’	Proportions

155S	48°'GEORGII	III.	Cap. 8$.'

-Proportions and Quantities, in fuch Manner, at fuch Times in every Year, and according to fuch Rules and Orders, as the faid Truflees for the Time being, or the major Pait of them, (hall appoint and pre-feribe for that Purport-, and not otherwifej and the Remainder of fuch Allotment which fhall not be fo appropriated for the taking Turf, Peat and Fuel as afore-faiil, nor (hail be lb let and demited as aferefaid, (hall be ufed and enjoyed folcly and exclufivcly by fuch poor Inhabitants of the faid Pari(h of Wickle-•tvood who (hall be legally fettled therein, as a Common of Pafture for all Geefe, Stuck, and Cattle, which (hall really and bonafidt be the Property of fuch poor Inhabitants, in fuch Manner, and at fuch Time or Times, and according to fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, (hall appoint and preferibe for that Purpoie, and not oiherwife: Provided always, that in cafe the Rents and Profits of fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall at any Time or Times be more than fufficient to anfwer the Purpofes for which the fame is or are hereby directed to be fet out, then and in every luch Cafe the faid Truftees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, (hall and they are hereby required to apply and difpofe of the Overplus of fuch Rents and Profits for the Relief of the Poor for whole Benefit fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be fo fet out, in fuch Manner as the faid refpedtive Truflees or the major Part of them fhall think proper: Provided alfo, that it fhall be lawful for the Lords or Ladies of the faid feveral Manors before-mentioned, and the Vicar of the faid Vicarage for the Time being refpedtively, to adl in the Execution of theTrufls hereby repofed in them as aferefaid, by their refpe&ive Agents or Proxies, fuch Agents or Proxies refpec-tively being appointed by Writing under the Hands of the faid Lords, Ladies andVuar refpedlively, and producing their relpeclive Appointments at the Time of their ading by virtue thereof, if required (o to do; but no Perfon (hall ad as Agent or Proxy for more than one Truftee at the fame Time.

Allotment for XX. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflloners fhall in pubi c Gra- the next Place aflign, fet out and allot unto the Surveyors of the High-veiPris, c. wayS Wlthjn t|ic faid PariIh of Wicklewood, fuch Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted, as the faid Com-miflioners (hall think neceiLry and mod convenient for the public Watering Places for Cattle, and for public Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, Chalk and Marl Pits •, and the fame Allotment or Allotments when fo fet out fhall for ever thereafter be ufed by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands and Ellates within the faid Parifh and their Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiffioneis (hall by their Award dirtd or appoint, and not o: her wife.

Allotment for XXI. And be it further enabled. That the faid CommifTmners (hall Ri^htof Soil. jn the next Place aflign, fet out, and allot unto the Lords or Ladies of the feveral Manors hercin-btfore mentioned, and to the Lords or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors, or to fuch of them as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners be entitled to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wade Grounds in Wiikhwtod aforefaid, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the laid Commons and Waite Grounds as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commilfioners be equ 1 in Value to One-eighteenth Part thereof as a CompcnUtion and full SatiJa&ion of and for the Right or Rights of fuch i	Lord

*559

48°GEORGII III. Cap.S5.

Lord br Lords, Lady or Ladies refpeftively, of, in, and 10 the Soil of the fame Commons and Waite Giounds according to the foie Right of any fuch Lord or Lady, or in Proportion to the levcrai Farts, Shares,

Rights and Interests of the Laid Lords and Ladies refpeftively therein.

XXII. And be it further enabled. That the Laid Commiflioners fhall in Land tobe the next Piace mark and fee out fuch Part and Parts of the laid Commons and Wade Grounds as will in their Judgment by the Sale thereof, produce pence». a Sum of Money fufficient to defray and difciiarge the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, and of furveying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue hereof, and all the Charges of the Laid Commiflioners, their A Aidants and Servants, and all other neceflary Expences ot the feveral Pcrfons to be employed by the Lid Commiflioners in and about the Premifes, and all the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fee out and appointed by the Lid Commiflioners, and all ocher Expences of carrying this Aft into Execution ; and the faid Commiflioners lhall and they are hereby required to feil the Lands and Grounds lo marked and fet out in fuch Allotment or Allotments, as to them fhall feem right and proper, to any Perfon or Perfons for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for ihe fame, by private Contraft or by public Auftionor Auftions to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Auction Three Weeks previous Notice fhall be given ; and the Peifon or Pcrfons fo purchafing the fame fhall immedia;ely pay (by way of Depofit) into the Hands of the faid Commiflioners, or fuch Peifon or Perfons as they fhall direft and appoint, One-tenth Pa't ot his, her or their Purchafe Money, and fhall pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after, or at fuch orher Time as the faid Commiflioners fhall appoint, and in Default thereof, the Money fo depoflted fhall be forfeited, and fhall be applied in carrying this Aft into Execution •, and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of fuch Purchafe Money fhall not have been fo paid, or for which there fhall be no bidding at fuch Auftion, may be again put up to Sale by public Auction, and fold in Manner aforefa id, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or may be fold by the faid Commiflioners by private Contraft for any Sum or Sums not lefs than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or rcfpec-tive Prices for which the fame was or were refpeftively before fold; and upon the Receipt of the whole Purchafe Money for any Allotment or Allotments which fhall be fo fold as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to grant and convey by Indentures of Bargain and Sale under their Hands and Seals, all the Fee Simple and Inheritance of fuch Allotment or Allotments, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and for fuchUfe and Ufes as the relpeftive Purchafer or Purchasers thereof fhall appoint; and immediately after the Execution of fuch Indentures of Bargain and Sale aforefaid, all and every Allotment or Allotments therein deferibed to be thereby granted and conveyed, fhall beablblurely difeharged of and from all other Rights thereon 01 therein, and be thenceforth held in Severalty by, and veiled in Fee Simple in the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof refpeftively, as his, her, or their private or ablolute Property, and (hall be allotted accordingly by the faid Commiflioners in their Award to be made under the Authority of this Aft and ©f the laid recited Aftj and fuch Purchafe Money when fo received by

the

1560

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

the faid Commiflioners (hall be by them applied in defraying fuch Cofts* Charges and Expences as aforefaid, and the Overplus of fuch Money (if any) alter defraying fuch Colls, Charges and Expences, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arifing from the Sale of fuch Encroachment; as aforelaid, (hail be equally difliibuted among!! the ftveral Perfons intended in the faid Lands and Grounds by this Addireded to be divided andaliotted, in Proportion totheir feveral and refpcdive Rights and Interefts therein, and (hall be paid and difpofed of in Manner following, videlicet, where any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be feifed of or entitled to the Fee Simple or his, her, or their feveral Allotments then he, (he, or they (hall be entitled to and (hall be forthwith paid his, her or their proportionate Share of the aforefaid Overplus Monies ; but in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not be feifed of or entitled to the Fee Simple of his, her, or their refpcdive Allotments, then his, her, or their proportionate Share or Shares of the aforefaid Overplus Monies lhali be applied and difpofed of by the faid Commiflioners in Manner direded by the laid recited Ad, whenever any Sum of Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money when paid ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes: Provided always, that the Purchafer or Purchaf-ers of fuch Lot or Lots to be fold as aforefaid, (hall be fubjed to the Performance of all Orders, Regulations and Diredions which (hall be made by the faid Commiflioners, and inferted in their Award, for inclofing, fencing, and draining fuch Lands, and for maintaining and keeping the to Lords Jor" Drains and Fences thereto belonging in good Repair: Provided always, that T^ure fr l^e Commiflioners (ball and they are hereby required to make fuch rea-the Laud fold fonable Compenfation to the Lords of the feveral Manors herein-before mentioned either by lncreafe of any Allotment to be made to them refpedively under the Authority of this Ad, or by Dedudion from their Proportions of Expence in the Execution of this Ad, as the faid Commiflioners (hall judgeexpedientfor or on account of Lofs in thcFruits of Tenure, on account of the Land fo fold being all fold and conveyed as Freehold, great Pait of which, if left to Divifion and Allotment among the Owners or Proprietors thereof refpedively, under the other Provifions contained in this Ad, would be of Copyhold Tenure, and liable to Fines, Suits, and Services accordingly.

Allotments to XXIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall Houles. afiign, fet out, a'nd alloc unto the Owners and Proprietors of the feveral Mefl’uages and Cottages now (landing in the faid Parifh of IVickUwood, which have been eredted and ufed as a MfflTuage or Cottage for the Space of Forty Years (except Mefl'uages or Cottages built upon the Commons and Wade Grounds within Sixty Years now laft pad) and alfo unto the Owners and Proprietors of the feveral Mefl'uages and Cottages now (landing in the faid Parilh which have been ereded within the Space of Forty Years upon the Scite or Scites or in lieu of fome other Meffuage or Mef-fuages. Cottage or Cottages which had been before that Time (landing, fuch Part and Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted as the faid Commiflioners (hall judge to be equal in V.Iue to the Average Value of One Acre of the faid Commons and Waite Lands, over and above the Allotments which the Owners of fuch

Mefl’uages

48° G E O R G11 III. Cap-.^s-	1561

Mefiurges and Cottages refpe&ively may in'refpedV thereof become entitled to have in the Divifion and Allotment of the Refidue of !uch Lands and Grounds, under the Directions next herein-after contained.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That after the aforeLid feveral ^lotment^rtt Allotments (ball have been made and fer out according to the Directions COr<tmg to herein-before contained, the Lid Commiflioners fhall then divide, affign, Kiglits.

fet out and allot all the Refidue and Remainder of the Ladds and Grounds by this A6t directed to be divided and allotted, unto and amongft ail and every Perfon and Performs, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Rights or Inteiefts in, to, over, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds (except to the Owner or Owners of the S )il of the laid Commons and Wafte Grounds in refptcl thereof only) in i'uch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compenfation and Satisfa&ion to him, her, or them refpeCtivelv, for his, her, cr their rrfpeCtive Rights and Interefts in, to, over, or upon the fame Lands and Grounds.

XXV.	And be it alfo enaCled, That all Owners of Meffuages or Cot- Rights of tagrs in Wickleword aforefaid, to whom any Land equal in V^lue to the Average Value of One Acre of the Lid Commons and Wafte Grounds is Ho^fes^nd hereir-before direCled to be allotted, and alfo all Owners of old inciofed L*nd»)de-Arable Land*-, Meadows, and Pafture Grounds in the faid Parifh of j*mYred!nd Wicklewood, which have not within Sixty Years laft paft been Part or Parcel of the Lid Commons and Wafte Grounds, fhall on their piefernng

their refprttive Claims in the M nner prefcribed by the faid recited Ad in that Behalf, have and be allowed a Right or Rights of Common over or upon all the Commons and Wafte Grounds within the fa:d Parifh of Wicklewood1, in Proportion to the annual Value of fuch Meffuages, Cottages, and old inciofed Arable Lands, Meadows, and Pafture Grounds refpec-tively.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Owner or Owners of Common any Lands or Grounds in the faid Parifh of Wicklewood, hath or have fold m3syhbe at** or agreed to fell, or fhali at any Time before the Ex cution of the Award totted to of the Lid Commiflioners, fell or agree to fell to any other Perfon or Per- Purcl,afcrs* fons whoever, all or any Part of fuch Owner's Right, Intereft and Property

in, over, or upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided and allotted, or in or to any Allotment which fhall be let out or be inter., ed to be made by the faid Commilhoners in full or in Part Satisfaction of any fuch Right, Intereft, and Property as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful lor the laid Commiflioners. and they are hereby authorized and required to rn-ke an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaftr in every fuch Sale and Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Afligns, for or in refpect of fuch Right, Intereft, and Property fo fold or contra&ed or agreed to be (old as afortlaid ; and eveiv fuch Vendee or Purchafer, or his or her Heirs or Afiigns, fhall and may from and after the Execution of the Lid Award, hold and enjoy the Land fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpoles as the Vendor in every fuch Saleor Agreement might, could, or ought to have held or enjoyed the fame in cafe any fuch bale or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Rights Intereft, or Property had ‘remained in fuch Vendor at the Time of makmg fuch Allotment as [Lee, fc? Pcr.~\	17 Z	aforefaid	:

1562	48° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

iciMtobe af°re*"ai^ '■ Provided further, that every fuch written Agreement or Con-

prejudiced. tra£t, if relating to any Right, Intereft or Property appurtenant to or claimed in refpeft of any Meffuage, Cottage or Land, holden by Copy of Court Roll of any Manor, fhall, to give it complete Effeft as aforefaid, be fir ft enrolled or entered in the Court Books, or on the Rolls of fuch Manor-, and when fo enrolled or entered, or delivered to the Steward lor Enrolment or Entry, fhall have the Effect of a Surrender to the Ufe of fuch Vendee orPurchafcr, and his or her Heirs and Afligns, according to the Cuftom of the Manor •, but nothing herein contained (hall extend to prejudice, defeat or diminilh the Right of the Lord of the Manor to fuch Fines and cuftomary Payments as might be other wife due or payable to him upon any Change of the Tenant.

Separate Al- XXVII. And be it further enabled. That where the Proprietor or Pro-made for Pr,ct°rs °f any Lands or other Hereditaments which fhall be allotted or

Laniis held	exchanged by virtue of this Act, fhall hold their (aid relpeftive Lands or

Tenu-esent Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for different Eftates, or under different Titles, the faid Commiflioners fhall upon the Requeft of fuch relpedive Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, afeertain and dif-tinguifh the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of fuch Tenures for each of fuch Eftates, and under each of fuch Titles refpedively. and fhall accordingly in their faid Award fet out and diftinzuilh diftind and feparate Allotments for fuch refpedive Lands or other Hereditaments ; and where, from the wan: of the neceflary Information before the faid Commiflioners, or from any other Caufr. their Award fhall omit to dif-criminate as heiein-before is required, fuch different Titles, different Eftates, anu different Tenures, and Requeft fhall be made to the faid Commiflioners, after the making of the faid Award, by any Perfon or Perfons interrfted by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have fuch Omiflion fuppiied by a feparate Inftrument, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing neceffary for fupplying fuch Omiflion, and f-> f.r as that Purpofe fhall require to examine Witneffes, and in every other Refpeft to proceed and aft as if the laid Award had not been made; and when and as foon as the faid Commiflioners fhall have obtained what they (hall think fuffi-cient Information, they are hereby authorized by any Deed under their Hands and Seals to afeertain and diftinguifh the Difference of Tenures, Eftates, and Titles refpeclively, and accordingly to make diftinft and feparate Allotments in the fame Manner as if luch Difcrimination had been contained in the faid Award ; and every fuch feparate Inftrument fhall have the fame Effcft as if it was contained in the faid Award ; and the fame fupplemental Inftrument fhall be delivered to the Perfon or Per-fons upon whofe Requeft the faid Omiflion (hall have been fuppiied. or to the Peifon or Perfons to whom the Cuftody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premifes in queftion fhall in the Opinion of the faid Commiflioners moft properly belong for the Time being j and all Expences which fhall be reafonably incurred in or about any fuch l'upple-mental Inftrument as aforefaid, fhall be payable by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have fo requefted the faid Commiflioners to fupply fuch Omiflion as aforefaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftra-tors.

XXVIII.	And

48* GEORGII III. Cap.85.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this Ad until the Execution of the faid Award, all the Arable Lands hereby dircded to be divided and allotted fliall be fubjed and liable to fuch Diredionsand Regulations as the Cud Commifltoners fliall from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands appoint, with regard to the (locking, plowing, tiding, lowing, and laying down the fame ; and it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioneis to order and dired fuch Sum or Sums of Money in reiped thereof to be paid by any Perfon or Pcrfons interefted in the faid Arabic Lands or any Parc thereof, or his. her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to any other Perfon or Perfons in like Manner interefted therein, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Cornmil-fioners (hall think rcafonablr, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre: and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who fliall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money upon any of the Accounts aforefaid, fliall ntgled or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cale it (ball be lawful for the faid Commifltoners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe or Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the furplus Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Ad cr any Part thereof can or may be railed and levied, in cafe the Land direded by this Ad to be fold for the railing of Money ro defray fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences, fliall not upon the Sale thereof have raifed Money fufficient for that Purpofe.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded. That the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted fliall be inclofcd, hedged, ditched, and fenced by fuch Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate (fave and except the Vicar of the faid Vicarage for he Time being, in rcfprd of any Allotment to be made to him in Right of the faid Vicarage, and the Truftees for the Poor, and alfo the Surveyors of the Highways in Wicklewood aforefaid,for and in refped of the feve-ral Allotments hereby direded to be made to them refpedively, as Vicar, Truftees, and Surveyors, as aforefaid) within luch Time and in futh Manner as the faid Commiflioners (hall in their faid Award order, dired, and appoint; and fuch Hedges, Ditches, Drains and Fences fliall at ail Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair and cleanfed by fuch Perfon or Perfons as ihe laid Commiflioners fliall in and by their faid Award dired: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings (hall be left in the Fences and Inclofures to be made in purfuance of this Ad, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the faid Award, for the Paflage of Cattle, Carts and Carriages into and through the fame, unlefs the leveral Parties interefted (hall agree that the fame (hall be fooner fenced in, made up, and inclofcd.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That after the faid Commiflioners (hall have marked and fetout in fcveral Allotments the Lands and Grounds by this Ad direded to be divided and allotted, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatever, within the laid Parifli of Wicklewood, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the faid Parilh of Wickle* •woody or within any adjoining Parilh, Hamlei or Townlhip; provi ;ed, that all fuch Exchanges be afcertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award

1563

CommifTon-trs to di reit the Couife of Hufb.indiy.

For fencing Allotments.

For leaving Gaps.

For allowing Exchanges to be made.

3/564

Leafes void a to Allotment or Exchange:

48“ GEORG1I III. Cap. 85.

of the fa id Commiffioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors (hall be a Body or Bod:es Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy ot England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or wirh the Content of the'Guardians, Feoffees for charitable, or other Uies, Hufbrnds, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforelaid, who at the Time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges fhall be rcfpec-lively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who fhali be beyond the Seai, or otherwffe di fabled to ad for themfelves, himfelf, or herlelf, fuch Conient to be teftified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corpora-e or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other conferring Parries rcfpeftively, anci a i and every fucli Exchange and Exchanges !o to be made fhall be good, valid and effeftual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever: Provided neverthelels, that no Exchange fhall be made or any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in right of any Chapel, Church, or other Ecclefuf-tical Benefice, without the Confine reft fied as aforefaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged fhall lie and be fituate : Provided always, that all Colh, Charges and Expences, attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, lhall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons making luch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners lhall by their Lid Award order and direct.

. XXXI. And be it further enabled. That all and every Leafe and Leafes,

» Agreement or Agreements at Rack Rent, of any Meflu ge , Lands, fiene-ments or Hereditaments, fituate within the faid Parilh of IVicklezvood, cr of any Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held therewith, or whi h lhall be exchanged by virtue herei f, lhall at fuch Ti ne and in fueh Cafes as the faid Commiflioners fha 1 d r:d, oe and the fame is and are hereby declared to be nu l and void, and the refpeftive L-flees or Tenants ot the Premites comprized in fuch Leales or Agreements refpcc-tively lhall be entitled to and lhall receive from the reiptft ve Owners and Proprietors, Lefior or Leffors of fuch Premifes, loch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioners fhall by Writing under their Hands d elate to be a reaf liable Compenlation and Sat sfaftion for he Lofs or Lofies which fuch Leflces or Tenants refpebiively lhall fuffain on account of the Determination of the fame ; and if any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, lhall refute or negleft to make fuch Compenlation to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it lhall be lawful fur the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized toraife and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Surplus Coils, Charges and Expences cf obtaining and executing this Aft, or any Part thereof, can or may be raffed and levied, in cafe the Lands and Grounds by this Aft direfted to be fold for the raffing of Money to defray fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences, lhall not upon the Sale thereof have raifed Money luffi fine for that Purpofe: Provided always, that if there lhall beany Ltafe at Rack Rent of any Lands or Tenements*-Parc -	~	-•	of

*56S

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

of which lhall lie and be ficuate in the faid Parifli of Wicklewood, and Part in any adjoining Pcrilh, all and every fuch 1 eafe and Levies ar Rack Rent m.-y be vacated in Manner aforefaid ; but where any L>nci lhall h ve been taken in Exchange, which LmJ Ihdi be under Lcafe and wholly fituare in an adjoining Parilh, the Lcafe of fuch lafl: mentioned Land lhall not be vacated.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Lands and Grounds which Allotments to lhall be allotted to any Perfon or Pcffons whatfoever, Bidy or B >dies	2^*c'ne

Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, by virtue of this A& and of the Paid a 0,jginai recited Ad, for or in refpeft of any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds' Eftate, Sec. in Wicklewood aforefaid, which are Copyhold or Leafehold, or for or in refped of any R:ghc of Common, or any other Right or Inrereft appurtenant oi appendant to or upon any fuch Cop hold ot Leafehold Pr rrjifes, lhall from and for evtr after the Execution of the Award by the faid recited A6t directed to be made by the fiid Commiflioners, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leafehold relpe&ively, according to the Tenure of the L inds for or in refpeft of which they were allowed, and lhall be held accordingly by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments,

Fines, Culloms and Services, Rate*, Taxes and Outgoings, as the Copy-hold and Leafehold Houfes, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds refpeftively, for or in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments lhall be made, are now hoLen; and theP.:iton or Perons to whom ar y fuch Copyhold Lands or Grounds lhall be a lotted as aforefiid, lhall, within Six C .lendar Months nexc after the Execution of the faid Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lady or to the Steward of the Lid Minor or Manors rdpedtively (lave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifite to be uled for the Copies N of luch Admiffians rcfpeflivtly, and fuch reasonable Fees to the refpec-tive Stewards of the Lid Minors, as the faid Commiflioners lhall think proper to order and direct); but in cafe any Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands and Grounds lhall be allotted as aforefaid fhall die, or alienate by Sale without Admiffion within the faid Six Calendar Months j then the cult mary Fines, Fees and other Payments lhall be due and payrhie on the A imiffion of the Perfin or Perfons then entitled to fuch Lands and Grounds; and aft r every fuch firft Admiffion fuch Lands and Grounds lhall at all Times be held under and lubjedt to the fame Tenures, Fines, and other Payments refptitively, as the prefent Copyhold Houfes,

Buildings, Lands and Grounds, in refpedt whereof fuch new Allotments lhall be made are n-w refpe&ively holden and are fubjedt to; and the faidC mrn.ffioners (hall and they are hereby required to determine, defoibe, and abur, in and by their faid Award, and in and by the Map or Plan to be thereto annexed, ali the Lands and Grounds in the laid Parilh of Wicklewood which are to be ani remain Copyhold or Leafehold \ and all other Lands anti Grounds in the laid Parilhof Wicklewood which lhall be fo aliotud by virtue of this Adi and of the faid recited Adt (except fuch as lhd.l be fo afeertained by the laid Commiflioners in their faid Award to be Copyhold or Leafehold as aforefaid) lhall from thenceforth be deemed, taken and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds refpedtively, fubjrdl nevcrthelefs to fuch Free Rents and Services, and other Payments, Rates,

Taxes and Outgoings, as are now payable out of the laid refpedtive Lands and Grounds, for or in refpedt whereof the fame (hall be for allotted.

[Loo. £s* Per,]

iS J

XXXIII. And

1566

Power of en-

franchiling

Copyhold*.

Power to make Satisfae-tior in Money for Enfran-

hc.

48® GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

XXXIll,	And whereas the Lords or Ladies or the faid feveral Manors before mentioned, or of fome other Manor extending into the faid Parifh of Wickltwood rcipe&ively, may be willing to enfranchife the feveral Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within the faid Parifh of Wicklewood% which now are or by virtue of this Act and the faid Award fhall be directed to be holden of fuch Manors rtfpe&ively by Copy of Court Roll or Cuftomary Tenure, and alfo to releafe and difeharge the fame from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms and Services due and payable to fuch Lords or Ladies, out of or horn I’uch Copyhold or Cuftomary Mcfiuuges, Lands. Tenements or Hereditaments, on being allowed an adequate Compc-nfiuion and Satisfaction for the fame; and the leveral Owners and Proprietors of luch Copyhold or Cuftomary Hereditaments may be defirous that the fame fliould be fo enfranchifed ; be it thetef <re further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Com-miflioners, with the Confent of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors for rhe Time being refpc&ivcly, and with the Confent of the Owner or Owners of any fuch Copyhold MefTuagcs, Lands,Tenements or Hereditaments as aforefaid, refpedively exprelTed in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and delivered to the faid Commiflioners at any Time or Times before their Third Meeting under tins Act, or at fuch other Time or Times as fhall be appointed by the laid Commiflioners, to afiign, fet out, and allot unto the Loid or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manors refpe&ively, fuch Proportions, Shares, or Parts of the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided and allotted, which the Lid Copyholders refpedtively fhall be entitled unto, as in the Judgment of the laid Commiflioners fhall be a full and equivalent Satisfaction and Compenfation to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies refpedtively, for all Rights, Claims, Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms and Services due and payable or to become due and payable to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid refpe&ive Manors, in refpedtef any fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Mefluages Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments rcfpe&ively ; and every fuch Enfranchisement of fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Mefluages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and every fuch Releafement and Difeharge of and from ail fuch Rights, Claims, Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms, and Services, fhall be mentioned and deferibed in the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners.

XXXIV.	Piovided always, and be it further enacted. That if the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the aforefaid Manors refpe&ively, and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any fuch Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, now holden or which (hall be directed to be holden of the faid refpe&ive Manors by Copy of Court Roll as aforelaid, fhall be mutually defirous of making and receiving a Satisfaction and Compensation in Money for the Enfranchifement of fuch Mefluages, Lands, Tenement*--, and Hereditaments, and for re lea frog and difeharging the fame from all Claims, Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms and Services as aforefaid, and Ihall have caufed Notice thereof in Writing under their refpective Hands, to be given to the faid Commif-iioners before their faid Third Meeting, or at fuch other Time which may be appointed by the Lid Commiflioners for that Purpoie, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and dire&ed, to afeertain, fix, and determine what Sum or Sums of Money (hail be paid by every fuch Copyholder fagiving c.	Notice

1567

48' GEORGII III.	Cap.S5.

Notice as aforefaid, as and for a full Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Com* penfation for the Enfranchifemcnt of fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Pre-mifes, and for releafing and difcharging the fame from all fuch Claims,

Fines, Heriots; Chid Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms and Services as afonfaid; and fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be received and taken in the (lead and in lieu of any Allotment belonging to any fuch Copyholder or Copy-holders wiihin the faid refpe&ive Manors; and fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall* be paid to the faid Commiffioners at fuch Place or Places,

Time’or Times as the faid Commiffioners (hall appoint j and in cafe of Non-payment thereof in Manner aforefaid, fuch Sum or Sums of Money may and (hall be levied and recovered by fuch Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and execu'ing of this Ad, can or may be levLd and recovered in cafe the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be fold for the raifing of Money to defray fuch Cods, Charges and Ex-pence? (hall not upon the Sale thereof have raifed Money fufficient for fuch 1 .. pods; and the Receipt and Receipts of the (aid Comnvfli oners (hall be a full and fufficient Didharge fur all and every Sum and Sums of Money fo to be paid to the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid j and fuch Sum and Sums of Money fo received by th Lid Commifliofiers (hall be by them paid to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, his, her, or their Heirs or Affigns, of fuch refpe&ive Man ors, in cafe fuch Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies (hail be feifed thereof in Fee Simple ; and in cafe any fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies ffiall not be feifed in Fee Simple thereof, then and m fuch Cafe fuch Sum and Sums of Money fhall, inftead of being paid to fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, be applied and difpofed of by the faid Commiffioners, in Manner directed by the faid recited Act, whenever any Sum of Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchaie of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufts.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every fuch Copyhold Copyhold, af-or Cuftomary Mefiu.*ges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo en- exe^teTlnd franchifed as aforelaid, fhall at all Times from and after the making and Compenfation executing of the faid Award by the faid Commiffioners, for ever thereafter j^id’and^fe be held and enjoyed by the feveral and lefpedive Perfon and Perfons en- feenda* Free-titled to the fame, enfranchifed and as Freehold Eftates of Inheritance, ho!d*

freed and difeharged of all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms, and S .vices whatever; and the fame fhall, from and after fuch Enfran-chi inenr, be granted, bargained, fold, reefed, conveyed, or affiired by D ed or devifed by Will, in the fame Manner as other Freehold Eftates are conveyed and devifed ; and on the Death of any Perfon who fhall be the Owner of any fuch Eftates without a Will, the fame (ball defeend to his or her Heirs in fuch Manner as other Freehold Eftates of Inheritance defeend.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That the Lands to be afligned. Land* given sllotred, and appointed for the EnfrEnchifement of the faid Copyhold or Cuftomary Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and for be held for jelcafing and difcharging the fame from all fuch Claims, Fines, Heriots, f;rat,uie‘aI Chief Rents, Reliefs, Cuftoms, and Services as aforefaid, (hall ftand wh:reot,°&c. limited and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the fame Ufes,

Trults,

I5&S

Sheep not to

be kept in new Inclo-fu.esf.r Seven Years.

Allotments to Vi ar and Tniftces for Poor, 4cc. to be Ring fen ed by the Ccmmiiiion-

WII* and

Settlements not tj b« affedled.

48* GEORGII III.	Cap.%5.

Trulls, Intents, and Purpo es, as the refpe&ive Manor (ball (land limited, and be fubjeft and liable to at the Time ot making fuch Allotments re-fptftively.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no Sheep or Lambs (hall be kept in any of the In. lotures to be made in purfuance of this Aft, during the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the faid Award, unlefs the Perfons refpeftivelv keeping Shec-p or ^.ambs therein, fhall at their own Expence effeftually guard and fence their Neighbour/ Quickfets adjoining to fuch lnclolures refpcftively, fo as to prevent ny Damage or Injury being done to iuch Fences or Quickfets by any fu. h Sheep or Lambs •, and if any Perfon (hall during lu h Space of Seven Yea s, keep any Sheep or Lambs in any ot the faid lnclolures to be made in purluance of this Act, without effectually guarding and fen ing his, her, or rheir Neighbours Quickfets adjoining to fuch Inclofur.-s in which luch Sheep or Lambs are kept, or fhall wilfully turn or put, or caufe to be turned or put any Lambs, Sheep, or other Beall or Cattle in any of the Lanes, Ways, or Roads, on either Side wbe.eof any new growing Fence ftn.Il be planted, then and in every fuch Cafe every Perion fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be l.vied and recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered by virtue of the faid recited Adt; and luch Penalty or Forfeiture when levied and recovered, fnail be paid to the Perfon or Perfons injured by fuch Sheep or Lambs.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the Lands and Gr -unds which (hall be fet out and allotted unto and for the Vicar of Wukhivood for the Time being in refpeft of his Glebes, and to the feveral Perfons herein-before mentioned as Truftees for the Poor, and to the Surveyors of the Highways as aforefaid, (hall be inclofed and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof rtfpeftively as the faid Commiflioners fhall direct, ar the Expence of all the other Proprietors entitled to Allotments by virtue-of this Aft; and the laid Fences fhall thereafter be maintained and lup-ported by fuch Perfons and in fuch Manner as the faid Commifiionera fhall in and by their fatd Award order and direft.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will, whether ambulatory or in aftual Operation by the Death of the Party, or any Scttlcmenr, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affefting any of the Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted or exchanged bv virtue of this Acl or the faid recited Aft, or any Part or Parts thereef rtfpeftively j but that every Proprietor fhall (land and be feifed of the feveral Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Grounds to be allotted or given in Exchange to him or her by virtue of this Aft and the faid recited Aft, to fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates, and fubjeft to fuch and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Meffuages, Buildings, Lands and Grounds, whereof fuch Proprietor was lei fed or poffeflld at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners, or for which fuch Allotments or Exchange*

Hull

48° GEORGlI III. Cty:8$.	156$

fhall be made, would have been lubjeft to, charged with, or affected by, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XL. And be it further enafted, That all the Coft.% Charges, and surplus Ex-Expences (in cafe the Money raifed by the Sale of the Land herein directed *j^/es 01 tbc to be Ibid fhall be infufflcient to defray the fame) of inclofing the Lands and Grounds which fhall by virtue of this Aft be allotted to the faid Vicar in refpeft of the faid Vicarage, to the faid Truftees for the Poor of the faid Parilh of Wickkwood, and to the Surveyors of the Highways within the faid Parilh, and the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Aft, and of furveying, meafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premiles to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft, and of preparing, copying, and depofiting the Avard of the faid CommifTnners, and all the Charges and Expences of the faid Commiflioners, their Clerks, Afliftants, and Servants, and all other neceflary Expences of the fevera' Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiflioners in and abcut the Premifes, either b^-frre or after the Execution of the faid Award, and al! the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, and ail other Expences of carrying this Aft and the faid recited Aft into Execution, fhali be b rne and defrayed by the feveral Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments fhall be made by virtue of this Aft (lave and except the Vicar of the faid Vicarage for the Time being in refpeft of any Allotment which fhall be made to him in refpeft of the faid Vicarage, and alio fave and except the faid Truftees for the Poor and Surveyors of the Highways within the faid Parifh for the Time being for and in refpeft of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Vicar, Truftees, and Surveyors, as aforefaid) which faid Ccfts, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveral Perfons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, fnali be fettled and adiufted by1 the faid Commiflioners, and fhall be paid at inch Time and Place and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners (ball appoint, either before or after the Execution of their faid Award.

XLI. And whereas feme of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenant* for Grounds within the faid Parifh of fVuklswoodt may haveOccafton to borrow ^e’c^*oe Money ro defray their refpeftive Shares of the Cofts, Charges, and Ex- SteSthc pences of obtaining and carrying this Aft into Execution, in cafe the Money Expences. to be received by the Sale of the Land as aforefaid fhall not be fufficient for fuch Purpofe; be it therefore further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietor of any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability, and for any of the laid Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, cr Tenants by the Courtcfy of England, or otherwise interefted in fuch Lands and Grounds, to charge fuch Lands and Grounds with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiflioners fhall by their faid Award, or by Writing under their Hands either before or after the Execution of fuch Award, ^adjudge necefliary to pay and defray the Cofts, Charges, and Expences incident \L.oc, V Per.]	1%	B-C	to

1570

48" GEORG!I HI, Cap. 83.

to and attending the obtaining of this Ad, and of ditching, draining and fencing their rd’pective Allotments, and other the Coils, Charges, and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, and of charging iuch Lands and Grounds as aforefaid ; fo that the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be charged fhall not exceed the Sam of Five Pounds for every Acre of fuch Lands and Grounds, and to grant, moitgage, leafe or demife, of otherwife fubjed the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be charged, to fuch Perfon cr Perfons who fhall advance and lend the fame relpedively, his, he', or their Executors, Adminiftrators and AfTigns, for any Term or Nurnoer oi Years, or in cafe any Ptribn in Poficftiun who fhall or may be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforefaid, or enabled by this Ad to charge fuch Lands and Grounds with the fame, fhall choofe to advance, pay, and dilcharge fuch Sum or Sums of Money, then and in every fuch Cafe it fnall be lawful for the Laid Commiflioners, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and Seals to be attefted by Two or more credible Witneifes, in hke Manner to grant, mortgage, leafe or demife, or otherwife fubjed fuch Lands and Grounds, to fuch Perfon or Pesfons refpedively, paying and difeharging fuch Sum cr Sums of Money, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftra-tors and Afligns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of fuch Sum and Sums of Money fo advanced, paid, and difeharged by him, her, or them, with lawful Intereft for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right in the Premifes ; fo that every fuch Grant, Mortgage, Leafe or Demife, be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or with an exprefs Trull to be furrendered or reaffigned, when fuch Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be fecured fhall be fully paid and Gtisfied ; and alfo with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Intereft, fo that no Perfon or Perfons afterwards becoming pof-ftfled of or entitled to any fuch Lands and Grounds, fhall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Intereft than for Twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to fuch Polftftbn Ihould have commenced; and that every fuch Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Leafe or Demife, fhall be good, valid, and dfe&ual in the Law, for the Purpcfes thereby intended.

H0wto	XLTI.	Provided	always,	and	be	it	further erased. That when and fo

chlrga F.x- often as it may be necefi'ary to charge any Melfuages, Cottages, Lands, fences upon or Tenements, which fhall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act c°Pyu ^*	or of the Paid recited Act, and which fnall be or become Copyhold, with

any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, for defraying any Shi re or Shares of fuch Coft>, Charges and Expences as kft aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Copyhold Premifes (ball be furrendered to the ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who lhail advance and lend fuch Sum or Sums of Money, bis, her cr their Heirs and Afligns, recording to the Cuftom or Cuftcnjs cf the Manor or Manors whereof the fame lhail be holden, by* way of Mortgage for fecuring fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Intereft, in Head of being mortgaged and furrendered to fuch Perfon or Perfons, his, her or their Executory Adnuniftrators or Alfigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the faid recited Act.

Money	XLIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons whom-

ranced to be foever ftrall advance and pay any Money in difeharge of the Fees or other SeKftVV,&c, Expc4nces of prepaying, obtaining, and executing this Act, the Money 1	fo

43“GEORGII III. Cap. 8$.	1571

ft) paid and advanced (hall be repaid and fatisfied to him, her, or them, by theDireftion of the faid Commiflioners, together with lawful Intereftfor the lame : Provided always, that the faid feveral Proprietors, their Attor-nies and Agents, (hall pay their own Expences when they or any of them (hall attend the f.;id Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be holdcn in purfuance of this Aft.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That the Award by the faid recited Pnroiment Adt direfted to be made by the faid Commiflioners, and fuch Map or oJllA°eapr^nt Plan of the faid Parifh of IVicklewocd as (hall be annexed thereto, (hail be deemed and taken to be well, fufficiemly, and effeftually enrolled, according to the Directions of the faid recited Aft, if a true Copy thereof ingrof-fed and made upon Parchment, and figned and attefted to be a true Copy thereof by the laid Commiflioners, and with fuch Map or Plan annexed thereto, fhall within the Time mentioned in the faid recited Aft for enrolling fuch Award, be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Norfolk, who fhall be paid on the Delivery to him of the faid Copy fo ingrafted, figned and attefted as afore faid, the Sum of Three Guineas and no more; and the faid Clerk fhall and he is hereby required to depofit and keep the fame with the Records of the Faid County; a d the faid original Award (hall be depofited and kept in the Puriffi Cnurch of Wickl&woodaforefaid, or in fuch other Place or Places as the faid Commif-fioners lhall appoint for that Purpofe.

XLV. And be it further enafted. That once at leaft in every Year during the Execution of this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the palling thereof) the faid Commiflioners fliall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft; and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereco, fhall be by them laid before any one of his Mijefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Did County of Norfolk, not interallied in the faid Divifion and Allotment, to be by him examined and balanced; and fuch Balance (hall be by fuch Juftice dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office cf the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unlefs the lame fliall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Appeal tm think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- ^vner Sef-fuance of this Aft or the faid recited Aft (other than and except fuch tons.6 Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiflioners as are by the laid recited Aft or this Aft direfted to be final or conclufive, and ex ept in fuch Cafes wherein an Iffue at Law (hall be tried as herein-btfore mentioned) then and in every fuch Cafe he, (he or they may appeal to the Juftices at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace which (hall be holden for the faid County of Norfolk within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hail have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiflioners, and to the Pariy or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Juftices in fuch Seflions (not interefted in the Premifes) are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, tnd

,	award

Commiffion-e,s ro I y Account* be

1572	48*	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 85.

award fuch Coils and Damages as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Coils and Damages which ihall be fo awarded, by Diftrcfs and Saic of the Goods and Chartels of the Party or Parties liable or required to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chatcels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of luch Wairant, Dirt refs and Sale-, and the Determination of the Paid Juftices (hall be final and conclu-five to all Parties concerned, and ihall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatioever, into any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wefiminfier or elfewhere; but in cafe fuch -Appeal ihall appear to the faid juftices frivolous, vexatious, or without Poundaticn, then the faid Juftices ihall award fuch Cofts to be paid by tlie Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Difcretion ihall feem reafonable, and luch Cofts ihall be levied in Manner laft aforefaid.

XLVII. Saving always to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, His Hein and SucceiTors, and to all and every Perfon and Pcribns, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, SucceiTors, Executor?, and Adminiftrators, all fuch Rights, Title, and Intereft (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, deftroytd and extinguiihed) as they, every or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofcd, in cafe this A<ft had not been made.

Pub.xckA.t. XLVIII. And be it further enabled. That this A& fhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof lo primed ihall be admitted as Evidence thereof bv all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, .Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

#***##**#**#*****lMt *********************************

Cap. 86.

An Ad for forming, paving, and otherwife improving certain Streets, and other public Paflages and Places, in the Parifti of Saint Pan eras, in the County of

Middlefex.	[ i ft yarn 1808.]

WHEREAS the Worfhipful Company of the Guild or Fraternity of the Body of Chrift, of the Skinners, of London, are feifed of or entitled to the Pieces or Plots of Ground fituate in the Parifti of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefex hereinafter mentioned j that is to fay. All thofe Three feveral Clofes or Parcels of Ground, containing together, by Eftimation, Twenty-feven Acres or thereabouts, fituate in the Parilh of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefex, and lying and being on the South Side of the New Road leading from Paddington to JJlington, and abutting on the Eaft by Lands belonging to John Collins, Thomas Lucas, and Thomas Harrifon; on the Weft on Lands belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bedford; on the North on Lands belonging to the Right Honourable Lord Somers, and by the New Road leading from Paddington to Iflington aforefaid *, and on the South by Lands belonging to the Governors and Guardians of The Foundling Hofpital: And whereas it is intended to make a Crefcent and feveral Streets and other public Palfages and Places on the faid Pieces or Plots of Ground: And whereas it would contribute to the Benefit and Safety of all Perfons who fhall be Inhabitants of the faid intended Crefcent, Streets, Paflages, and Places, and to all Perfons who fhall have Occafion to pafs along the fame, it Provifions were made for forming, paving, repairing, and keeping [Lee. Isf Per.]	18 D	in

1578	48°GEORGU	III.	Cap. 86.

In Repair fuch intended Crefcent, Streets, Paffages, and Places, andalfo for cleanfing, lighting, watching, and watering the fame, and for removing and preventing Nuifances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein : And whereas it would alfo contribute much to the Benefit and Advantage of the Owners and Occupiers of the Houfes to be erefted in the faid intended Crefcent, if the Centre or Area of the fame was inclofed and railed in with Iron Rails, and if fuch Inclofure or inclofed Part was planted and laid out with Walks, and properly ornamented and embel-lifhed, and made into a Pleafure Ground, and if Provifions were made for raifing Money to defray the Expence of forming, inclofing, making, planting, ornamenting, and embellifhing fuch Inclofure or Pleafure Ground, and of continuing and keeping the fame in Repair: But although the feveral Purpofes aforefaid, if carried into Execution, would evidently be to the Advantage of all Perfons concerned, the fame cannot be effefted without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be it enabled by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament Commiffien* aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That John Princep, Elquire, ers*	William Thomas Goad, Richard Knight, James Fenn, John Trelawney, Wil-

liam Taylor, Thomas Greggs John Turner, Richard Twopenny, Robert William Halhead, Evan Pugh, William Cotes, John Freeman, William Row, Peter Tesnpleman, Edward Smith, James Neild, Thomas Willis, Tjachary Langton, James Evans, Thomas Evans, Richard Nixon, Jonah Smith Wells, Michael Turner, William Row, Junior, John Burbidge, William Whitworth, Samuel Pugh, William Shrigley, Samuel Gilbee, Francis Gregg and James Burton, Eiquires, Henry Scrimjhaw, James ThompJon Parkinfon, Daniel James Burring and William Jupp, Surveyors, John Edwards, James Lyon, Robert Stokes Sloper and William Ford Burton, Gentlemen, William Smith, James Smith, John Ainjlie, James Payne, George Payne, Edward Rofwell, William Style, Jofeph Frederick Brijlow, Thomas Lumley, Rowland Dobie, Thomas Scott, William Jordan, John Knight, John Cade, William Gee, John Brine, Thomas Cadby, Edmund Kent, and Jaques, Builders, Thomas Leonard, and Stephen CoJJer, Timber Merchants, William Rhodes, Thomas Scott, and William Hobfon, Brick Merchants, Thomas Poynder, Henry Lee, and Jeremiah Rojher, Lime Merchants, JoJhua Poole, Stone Merchant, and yo/j/z Smart, Ironmonger, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiftioners for carrying this Act into execution, for and during the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the Twenty-fourth Day of y««* One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and that from and after the End or Expiration of fuch Term of Five Years, the feveral other Perfons from Time to Time, to be elefted and appointed in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and are hereby appointed Commiftioners for carrying this Aft into Execution.

Cemmiflion-er’s Oath*

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafled, That no Perfon or Perfons herein before named, and appointed Commiffioner or Commiflioners for the faid Term of Five Years as aforefaid, fhall be capable of acting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of the Powers given by this Aft, except in adminiftering the following Oath, until he (hall have taken and fubferibed the fame; vhs.

* I do

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

‘ T	do fwear, That 1 will faithfully, impartially, and honeftly, ac-

4 * cording to the bell of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Trulls 6 repofed in me, and hear and determine all fuch Matters and Things as 4 fhall be brought before me as a Commiflioner, by virtue of an Ad of 4 Parliament made and palfed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of 4 King George the Third, intituled [fetforth the Title of the Act.']

4 So help me God.9

Which Oath it (hall be lawful for any of the faid Commiflioners to adminiller.

III.	And, for appointing and continuing a fufficient Number of Com-miffi oners to carry this Ad into Execution after the Expiration of the faid Five Years, be it further enabled. That upon the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and fo afterwards an* nually on the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every fucceeding Year from thenceforth the Inhabitant Houfeholders refiding within the Limits of this Act, who (hall have paid up their Rates to the preceding Quarter Day immediately before every fuch Meeting as hereinafter'is mentioned (to be convened for that Purpofe, by a Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Church of the faid Pariffi of Saint Pancras, urider the Signature of the Clerk to the Commiffioners for the Time being acting under and by virtue of this Ad) are hereby authorized and required to meet at fuch Place as fhall be exprefied in fuch Notice, and there to eled Thirty-one Perfons (each of whom fhall be then either in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the adual Polfeffion and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of fome Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, fituate and being within the Limits of this Ad, of the -clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or a Lelfee or Occupier of fome Houfe, Building, Tenement, or Land, within fuch Limits, rated or liable to be rated by virtue or for the Purpoies of this Ad, at or for the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or Refident within the faid Limits, and pofiefled of a perfonal Eftate of the Amount or Value of Two Thoufand Pounds, over and above what fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge his juft Debts), to be Commiflioners for carrying this Ad into Execution, and fuch Thirty-one Perfons, fo from Time to Time to be eleded Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflioners for putting into Execution the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Ad, either together with or without the Owners of the faid feveral Pieces or Plots of Grounds, for and during the fucceeding Year next •after they fhall have been fo eleded as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if at the Expiration of the faid Five Years, there fhall not be a fufficient Number of Perfons who fhall be qualified as aforefaid to ad as Commiflioners in the Execution of this Ad, that then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners hereby firft appointed fhall be deemed and confidered competent to ad in the Execution of the fame, without fuch Qualifications, for the next fucceeding Year after the Expiration of the faid Five Years, and fo from Year to Year until there fhall be a fufficient Number of Perfons qualified to ad in the execution of this Ad as aforefaid.

15/9

Oath,

Appointment

of Commiffioners, after the Expiration of the faid Five Yea^s.

Commiflioners for Five Years to ad after that Time, ifthere (hall not be a fufficient Number of qualified Inhabitants.

V. And

1580	480	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	86.

How Com-

miflionc sare to be Appointed on Vacancies between General Eleflions.

V.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any of the Commifiioners appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of this Aft (except the Owners of the faid Pieces or Plots of Ground, or any of them, for the Time being) fhall either before or after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, become disqualified or die or be difabled from afting as a Commiflioner by virtue of this Aft, then and fo often it fliall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Commiflioners under this Aft, or any Five or more of them aflembled at their then next or fome fubfequent Meeting which (hall be held by virtue of this Aft (the Difqualification, Death, or Difability of fuch Commiflioner or Commif-fioners as laft aforefaid and the intended Hleftion of his or their Suc-ceffor or Succeflors, being exprefied in the Notice or Summons for fuch Meetine) to eleft and appoint a Commiflioner qualified as aforefaid, in the Room of every fuch Commiflioner disqualified, dying, or becoming difabled to aft as aforefaid ; and every fuch Commiflioner fo from Time to Time to be clefted and appointed as laft hereinbefore direfted, (hall be joined with the other Commifiioners, and have the like Power and Authority in all Refpefts whatfoever to aft with them iri and about the execution of this Aft, for and during the Time that fuch Perfon fo dying or becoming diiqualified or difabled, would have remained a Commiflioner under or by virtue of this Aft, if he had not fo died or become difqua-lified or difabled as aforefaid.

Commiffion- VI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon after Oath* Wke 311 ^xP*rat‘on l^e Term of Five Years (except the faid fevr ral Com-miflioners hereby firft appointed, in cafe they (hall aft in the execution of this Aft» after the Expiration of the faid Five Years as aforefaid fhall be capable of afting as a Commiflioner in the execution of this Aft (otherwife than in adminiftering the Oath hereinafter mentioned, which Oath any one of the faid Commiflioners is hereby empowered to adminifter) unlefs at the Time of his afting, he (hall be qualified in manner hereinbefore mentioned, and until fuch Perfon (hall have taken and fubferibed an Oath to the Effeft following; that is to fay :

4 T	do	fwear, That I am in my own Right [or, in the Right of my

4 A Wife] in the aftual Poffefiion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents ‘ and Profits of fome Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, of the 4 clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, fituate and being within the Limits 4 of an Aft, pafied in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled [Here fet forth the Title of the Acf] [or, that I am Leflee 4 or Occupier of fome Building, Houfe, Tenement, or Land rated or liable 6 to be rated at or for the Value of Fifty Pounds per Annum at the leaft, by « virtue of or for the Purpofes and within the Limits of the faid Aft;] or, 4 that I am refident within the Limits aforefaid, and am pofiefied of a per-4 fonal Eftate of the Amount or Value of Two thoufand Pounds over and 4 befides what is fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge my juft Debts.

6 So help me GOD.’

And if any Perfon not being fo qualified (except the faid Commifiioners hereby afting in the execution of this Aft after the Expiration of the faid Five Years as aforefaid, or any of them) or if any Perfon fo qualified fliall, during fuch Time as he (hall hold any Place or Office of Profit, or be anyway



48° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

way interefted or concerned in any Contract to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Work or Bufinefs to be done under the fame, flial! Prefume to ad as a Commiflxdner in the execution of this AO, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, togetherwith full Cofts of Suit, to any Perfon who (hall foe for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the cafe or other-wife, and the Perfon fo fued fhall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or that he did not hold any fuch Place or Office of Profit, or was not in-terefled or concerned iff any fuch Contract, Work, or Bufinefs, as aforefaid, (as the Cafe may happen,) or otherwife (hall pay the laid Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that fuch Perfon had aded as a Commiflioner in the execution of this Ad (not being qualified as aforelaid,) or whillt holding any fuch Place or Office, or being interefted or concerned in any fuch Contract,

Work, or Bufinefs as aforelaid.

VIE And be it further enabled, That the Paid Commiflioners appointed Meeting of by this Ad fhall meet at fuch Time and Place as any Five or more of them Commiilio*-lhall appoint, by Notice to be figned by them, and affixed on the Church ers’

Door of the faid Parifli at lead Eight Days before fuch Meeting, in order to put this Ad in execution, and fhall and may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themfelves to any Place within or near the Li mite of this Ad ; and it at any Time there (hall not appear at any fuch Meeting a fufficient Number of the faid Commiflioners appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, to ad in the execution of the fame, any one of the faid Commiflioners prefent may adjourn the Meeting to another Day ; and in cafe of any Negled or Omiflion to adjourn, any 1 hree of the faid Com-nnitfioners or their Clerk (hall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the laff Meeting of the faid Commiflioners was appointed to be held or was held, by Notice or Summons to be delivered at the ufual Places of Abode of all fuch Commiflioners, at lead Three Days before fuch Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be held in purfuauce of this Ad, the fa'id Commif-fioners (hall defray their own Expences (except for the Ufe of the Room or Apartment where fuch Meetings (hall be held, which (hall be paid out of the Rates or Aflefiments hereinafter direded m be made and levied) ; and no Ad of the .faid Commiflioners (hall be valid, unlefs made or done ac feme Meeting to be held by virtue of this Ad (except the calling of Meetings as aforelaid); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Ad granted to or veiled in the Commiflioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue thereof, lhail and may from Time to Time be exercifed by the major Part of them prefent at their refpedive Meetings to be holden as aforefaid, the Number of Commiflioners prefent at fuch Meeting not being lafs than Seven (or the Purpofe of borrowing Money, granting Annuities, or making Contrads, and not being lefs than Five in any other Cafe, tfn-lefs where herein otherwife particularly provided ; and in all Cafes where the Number of Votes upon any Quedion (hall be equal (including the Chairman’s Vote> the Chairman (hall have the caitjng Vote ; and at every Meeting to be held under or in purfuance of this Act, the firft Buimeis ihall be the Eledion of a Chairman to prefide at the fame.

VIII.	Provided neveithelefs, That it (hall be lawful for the Commif- SpecialM- r (loners appointed and to be appointed by or by virtue of this Ad, and they u’ ’ are hereby authorized to hold any Spec- i Meeting between their then lalt	1

\Loc, & Per.~\	18	£	Meeting

1582

Reftriftions ing Orders.

Proceedings of Commil-

entered.

Officers to be appointed,

Security.

Treafurer and Colleftor to account.

48°GE0RGII III. Cap. 86.

Meeting and the Day to which any fubfequent Meeting fliall have been adjourned, fo that fuch Meeting fliall be required by Three or more of the faid Commifiioners, and Notice thereof given as lafl: aforefaid at lead Seven Days before the Time to be appointed for the fame, and fu as that fuch Notice fliall be flgned by the Clerk of the faid Commiflioners, and fpecify the Caufe or Caufes of fuch Special Meeting.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That no Order made by the faid Commiflioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, Avail be revoked or altered, unlefs at fotne Special Meeting to be required as aforefaid, of which Seven Days Notice fliall be given as lafl: aforefaid, exprefling the Occafion of fuch Meeting, and alfo unlefs a greater Number of Commiflioners fliall attend fuch Meeting to revoke or alter the fame than were prefent when fuch Order was made.

X.	And be it further enafted, That Entries fliall be made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpofe of all the Afts, Orders and Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners, and of the Names of the C.onimif-fioners who fliall be prefent at the refpeftive Meetings, and One or more of the faid Commifiioners who fliall be prefent fliall fubferibe his or their Name or Names at the End of the Proceedings of the refpeftive Meetings ; and all fuch Entries being fo flgned fliall be deemed Originals, and fliall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Caufes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in purfuance of this Act, and that fuch Book fliall at all l'eafonable Times be open to the Infpection of all Perfons rated or aflelfed for the Purpofes of this Act.

XL And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners (hall from Time to Time, by .Writing under their Hands, appoint a Treafurer, Clerk, and Surveyor, and alfo a Collector of the Rates or Afleflinents to be made as hereinafter mentioned, and fuch other Officers and Perfons as they fliall think neeeflary, and may remove any fuch Officers or other Perfons as they fliall think proper, and appoint others in their ftead, and pay fuch Salaries and make fuch Allowances to all fuch Officers or Perfons as they the faid Commiflioners fliall think reafonable; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby required to take fuch Security from every fucb l eafurcr and Collector as they fliall think proper.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Treafurer and Colector fliall, under their refpeftive Hands (at fuch Time or Times and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fliall direct) deliver to the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fliall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all fuch Matters and Things as may be committed to their Charge and alfo of all Monies which (hall have been by them received, by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Aft, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburfed, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and fliall pay all fuch Money as fliall remain in their Hands to fuch Banker or Bankers as the faid Commiflioners fliall from Time to Time direft or appoint, the Receipts of which Banker or Bankers fliall be a fufficient Difcharge to fuch Treafurer and Colleftor for the fame; and if any fuch Colleftor as aforefaid, fliall at any Time or Times hold or keep in his own Hands, for the Space of Three Days together, any larger Sam of Money,

to

i5s3

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 86.

fo be received by him under this Act, than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay to the faid Commif-fioners for the Purpofes of this Ad, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, within the fpace of Ten Days next after he fhall be called upon by them or their Treafurer to pay fuch Penalty ; and every fuch Collector (hall, when thereunto required by the Commif-fioners affembled at any fuch Meeting as aforefaid, produce a Book containing an Account of the Rates and Affeffments laid by virtue of this Ad, which fhall be in Arrear and unpaid, and the Names of the Perfons by whom the fame ought to be paid, with the Sums by them refpeftively owing, and the Times when the fame became due ; and every fuch Treafurer and Collector fo accounting (hall upon Oath if thereunto required by the faid Commiffioners (which Oath any one of the faid Commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminifter) verify fuch their refpeftive Accounts ; and if any fuch Treafurer or Collector fhall refufe or wilfully negleft to make and render, or fhall refufe to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or in cafe the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners, or any fuch Treafurer or Collector, fhall not deliver to the faid Commiffioners or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required, by Notice in Writing, figned by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, and given to or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of fuch Treafurer, Clerk or Collector, all Books, Papers, and Writings in their refpeftive Cuftody or Power, relating to the execution of this Aft, or Duplicates thereof refpeftively, or give Satisfaction to the faid Commiffioners refpefting the fame, and Complaint fhall be made thereof on the Behalf of the faid Commiffioners, to any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlcfex, fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufefuch Treafurer, Clerk, or Collector, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Complaint in a luminary Way ; and if upon the Confcffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnels upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) it fhall appear to fuch Juftices that any of the Monies, which fhall have been collected and railed by virtue, of this Aft, fhall be in the Hands of any fuch Treafurer or Collector, fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Good? and Chattels of fuch Perfon; and if no fuch Goods or Chattels can be found fufficient to anfvver and fatisfy the Money, and the Charges of dif-training and felling the Diftrefs, or if it fhall in manner aforefaid appear to fuch Juftice, that any fuch Treafurer or Collector had refufed or wilfully ne-glefted to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the execution of this Aft, fhall be in the Cuftody or Power of any fuch Treafurer, Clerk, or Collector, and he fhall have refufed or neglefted to deliver up or give Satisfaction refpefting the fame as aforefaid, then fuch Juftice fhall commit him to the Common Gaol or Iioufe of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until fuch Perfon, being Treafurer or Collector, fhall make and give a true and perfeft Account, and have paid fuch Money as aforefaid, or fhall have compounded for fuch Money with the faid Commiffioners, and have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they fhall appoint ^which Comppfition the

faid

IS 3,4

Power to fet out Pleafure Ground, Scc.

The Inheritance of the Pleafure

to be altered.

Commifiion-ers to pave and repair Streeu, Sec.

48° GEO.RGII HI. Cap. 86.

faid Cemnuffioners are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until fuch Pci foil being Treafurer, Clerk, or Collector, ffiall deliver up ail fuch Books-, Papers, and Writings, or Duplicates of (he fame as aforefaid ; but no Pei ion who ffiall be committed on account of his not having fufficient Goods or Chattels as aforefaid, (hall be detained in Prifon for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months.

XIII.	And be it further enadled. That the foie Power of inclofmg forming, making, ornamenting, and embelliffiing the faid Inclofure, or Pleafure Ground, and of continuing, maintaining, and keeping the fame in proper Order and Repair, fhall be and the fame is hereby veiled in the laid Commiffioners, who fhall at all Times hereafter maintain the fame in proper Order and Condition.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared, That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued, adjudged, deemed, or taken to alter the Inheritance or Property of the faid Pleafure Ground, or of the Ufe thereof, but that the Inherirance and Property, and the Ufe thereof, fhall remain and belong to and for the faid Guild or Fraternity of Skinners aforefaid their SuccefTors and Affigns., in fuch and the fame Manner as it this Act had not been made.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to caufe the feveral Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places, to be made and fet out within the Limits of this Ad, both in the Carriage and Footways, to be paved, and fuch Pavements to be from Time to Time amended and kept in good Repair upon fuch Levels, and in fuch Manner, and with fuch Sorts and Kinds of Materials as they fhall judge neceffary and proper, and alfo to caufe the faid Streets, Crei-cent, and other public Paffages and Places, to be cleanfed, lighted, watched, and watered, and the Sides thereof, or other Places which fhall be made or fet out, to be fenced or inclofed with Iron or ether Rails, in fuch Parts and Places and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall think proper ; and all Encroachments, Obftrudlions, Nuifances, and Annoyances therein to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters, or Water-courfes to be made for conveying the Water off and from the faid Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places, in fuch Manner as they fhall think proper; and alfo that the faid Commiffioners fhall and may eredt iron or other Gates at the North Ends of ail or any of the faid Streets or public Paffages or Places which ffiall be made contiguous to or adjoining the faid New Road leading from Paddiugion to IJlington aforefaid, and on the Eaft Side thereof, and alfo to erect a Lodge or Houfe to each of the faid Gates for the Convenience thereof, fuch Lodge or Houfe fo to be erected not to exceed Twelve Feet in height; and that no Perfon fhall, without the Confent of the faid Commiffione s, alter the Form or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage or Footways, or the Iron Gates fo to be eredted or made as aforefaid, within any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, and oiher public Paffages or Places, or make the fame otherwife than as ffiall be direded by the faid Commiffioners, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every Offence; and fuch Perfon fo offending ffiall alfo pay all the Expences of reiioring fuch Ground, Pavement, or Iron Gates to their former State.

XVI. Provided

48°GEORGII ■ Ilf. Vap.m.	1585

XYT. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it-(hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and jj£otlJ,ay m empowered frotn Time to Time to catife the Footway which fhall be made front of Ton-in front of a certain place called Tonbridge Place, adjoining to\he afore- b-idge Place, faid Road leading from Paddington to IJlington, to be paved, and fu6h Pavement to be from Time to Time amended and kept in good Repair.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners may, and CcmmWIion-

they are hereby authorized and empowered, either to purchafe, take, or hire	P^r-

any Piece or Pieces cf Ground for the Purpofes of digging Gravel for the

better paving fuch Streets, Crefcent, and Places as aforefaid, and for the gettingMate-Purpofe of depofiting Materials thereon, for or on Account of fuch Paving, rials and for or for the Purpofe of erecting a Watch Houf'e thereon, or to rent any Building to be made ufe of as or for any other of the Purpofes of this Act, ^ufes • as fhall appear to them to be neceflary, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, yearly Rent or Rents, or for fuch Time as to them fhall appear rea-fonable, which Sum and Sums of Money, yearly Rent and Rents fhall be refpectively paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Act; and alfo anj er((^ to erect any number of Watch Boxes for the Purpofes of this Act, in fuch Watch Place or Places as they may think proper ; and likewife to buy or hire Boves s fuch liorfes. Carts, Teams, or Carriages as may be neceflary for the Purpofes of carting fuch Gravel, or for cleanfing or watering fuch Streets, Carriage;, Crefcent, Paffages, and Places as aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe &c. directed by this Act; and alfo to hire fuch Perfons, buy fuch Materials, and make fuch Regulations, for the better execution of any fuch Purpofes, as they the faid Commiflioners Avail in their Difcretion think proper.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in the Property 0f Pavements of the Carriage Ways and Footways, and alfo the Ballad or Pavement Gravel to be brought or laid in the faid Crefcent* and in the feveral Streets 3nd piearure and other public Paffages and Places already or hereafter to be fct out ^eae7tn°hV or made upon the laid Pieces or Plots of Ground, and of and in the Comauffion-Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Irons, Pods, Rails, and other Materials and crs.

Things to be made, fet up, and affixed in the faid Pleafure Ground or

the Fence round the fame, and all Trees, Shrubs, and other Things to be planted within the fame, when made, fet up, affixed, and planted, and alfo of and in all Watch Houfes, Watch Boxes, Pumps, and Wells, which fhall be erected, fixed, funk, or made, and all Materials, Implements, and ether Things which fhall be purchased or gotten by virtue or for any of the Purpofes of this Act, fhall be and are hereby veded in the faid Commiflioners j and the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their I reafurer or Clerk, or to prefer or order and direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment againd any Perfon or Perfons who fhall deal, take, or carry away all or any Part of fuch Iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Irons, Lamp Pods, Rails, Plants, or other Materials and Things as aforefaid ; and if any Perlon or Perfons fhall wilfully or malicioufly break, bull down, dedroy, or otherwife injure, damage, or fpoil any of the laid iron Rails, Gates, Lamp Irons, Pods,

Rails, Plants, Materials, and Things, or any of the Works which are or fhall be carrying on, made, done, or executed within or about the

[Loc. fc? Per.]	18 F	faid

i$86	4S‘	GEORGII Jfl. Cap.%6.

faid ^leafure Ground, in the faid Crefcent, and the faid fevertil Streets or other public Paffages or Places, already or hereafter to be fet out or made as aforefaid in purfuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and alfo make full Satisfaction to the laid Gommiffioners for any Damage done by him, her, or them as aforefaid ; and that if any Perfon or Perfons fhall caufe any*Nuifance or Annoyance within the faid Pleafure Ground, either by beating or dufting of Carpets, or laying or calling any Filth, Afhes, Dung, Duft, or Rubbifh therein, or in any other Manner whatfoever, he, fhe, or they fhall for every fudi Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Lamps to be XIX. And be it ftmher enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the raid Com-fet up, and mifTioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to caufe fo^be'named ■^‘amP Irons or Lamp Ports to be put or affixed upon or agair.ft the and Houfes * Walls or Pallifadoes of any of the Houfes, Tenements, or Buildings and numbered. Inclofures, or in fuch other Manner within the faid intended Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and' Places, as they fhall think proper, and alfo to caufe fuch Number of Lamps of fuch Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed or put upon fuch Lamp Irons and Lamp Ports as they fhall think neceffary for lighting all or any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places, and alfo to caufe the faid Lamps, and alfo the feveral Houfes within the feveral Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places to be numbered, and alfo to caufe to be painted, engraved, or defcribed in or upon Stone, Wood, or otherwife, and to be fixed in a confpicuous Part of one or more Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of fuch Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places, the Name by which each refpective Street, Crefcent, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Paffage and Place is to be properly called or known, in fuch Manner as they fhall judge moll: proper for diftinguifhing the fame and if any Perfon fhall wilfully break, ~ throw down, take away, fpoil, or damage any Watch H-oufe or Watch. Box, Lamps, or any of the Irons, Ports, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguifh the Light of any fuch Lamp, or deface or obliterate any fuch Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Perfon fo offending, and not being otherwife fued or profecuted for the fame, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof one Moiety fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Commiffioners acting under and by virtue of this Act, to be by them applied for the Purpofes thereof \ and fuch Offender fhall alfo pay to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon as they fhall appoint to receive the fame, fuch Sum of Money as fhall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage fo done; and in cafe any Perfon fhall carelefsly, negligently, or accidently break, throw down, or otherwife fpoil or damage any of the faid Lamps, or the Irons, Ports, or other Furniture thereof, and fhall not upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it fhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlefex, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witnefs, or on the Con-feffion of the Party, to award fuch Sum of Money by way of Satisfaction for fuch Damage as fuch Juftice fhall think reafonable; and in default of Payment thereof upon Demand, to caufe the fame to be levied by Dif-trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon who fhall have done fuch Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges

4-8° GEORGII nr. Lap. 86.

of profecuting fuch Complaint, and of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

XX.	And be it further enabled. That the Occupier of every Houle and Tenement now ere&ed and to be erefted within the Limits ot this Act, (hall once in every Day before the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, fcrape, fweep, and cleaofe, or caufe to be fcraped, fwept, and cleanfed the Footway all along and oppofite to the whole Front and Flank Wall (if any) of his, her, or their refpective Houfes or Tenements, or in default thereof, every fuch Occupier lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and if any fuch Houfe or Building be let furnilhed, or in feparate Tenements to Inmates, then and in every fuch Cafe, the Per-fon or Perfons fo letting the fame lhall for the purpofe aforefaid be deemed and taken the Occupier thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners Hull and they are hereby authorized and empowered to caufe all or any of the Streets, Crefcent, Paflages, and public Places within the Limits of this Act, to be watered, when they or any of their Surveyors for the Time being lhall think proper; and for that Purpofe to caufe fuch Number of Wells and Pumps to be dug, funk, and made in any of the laid Streets, Crefcent, Paf-fiages, and Places, as they lhall think necelfary, and from Time to Time to alter and repair the fame as there lhall be Occalion, and alfo to defray the Expences thereof out of the Monies to beraifed by virtue of this Act; provided, that no fuch Well or Pump lhall be funk or made fo as to injure any Houfe or other Building in, or any Vault or Cellar under any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, or other public Paflages or Places.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners lhall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for forming, making, inclofing, planting, ornamenting, and embellilhing the faid In-clofure or Pleafure Ground, or any Part thereof, and for continuing, preferving, and keeping the fame in Repair, and proper Order and Condition, and the Iron Rails, Walls, and other Things belonging thereto; and the faid Commiflioners lhall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, at any of their faid Meetings, as Occafion lhall require, to contract and agree with any fit Perfon or Perfons for the doing and performing all or any of the Works by this Act authorized or directed io be done and performed by them, or for fupplying any of the Materials for the fame, or for watering the laid Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paflages and Places, or any of them, which Contract or Contracts lhall fpecify the feveral Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time or Times when the fame Works lhall be completed, and the Penalties to be fuffered in cafe of Nonperformance thereof and lhall be figned by Five or more of the faid Com-mifiioners, and alfo by the Perfon or Perfons contracting to perform fuch Works refpectively, which Contract or Contracts, or a Copy or Copies thereof, lhall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners ; but previous to the making of any fuch Contract, Fourteen Days Notice at the leaft lhall be given in One or more of the public Newfpapers publilhed in London or Weftminjler, exprefling the Intention of entering into fuch Contract, in order that any Perfon or

Perfons



Perfon? to fweep the Footway op-pofue their Houfe? once

Commifli.w-ers may water Streets;

Well™ k<S

Commifiion-

tratt for

performing

Works.

iS855

Commiffioners may employ Surveyors, and fue

pound for Breach of Contra&s.

The'Leflees, &c. to fiaVe the ex-clufive Right to the Plea-fu»e Ground.

Commifiion-ers to grant the Ufe of the Pleafure Ground to the Occupiers of the Houfes in the feveral Streets intended to be built.

Commiffion-ers annually

Account of Receipts and Dilbarfe-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

•Perfons willing to undertake the fame, may make Propofals for that Pur-pofe, to be offered and prefented to the faid Commifioners, at' a certain lime and Place in fuch Notice to be mentioned.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners ffiall caufe all and every the Works to be done in purfuance of this Ad, to be infpeded by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hall for that Purpofe appoint; and in cafe the fame (hall not be well and fufficiemly performed according to the Terms, Inrent, and Meaning of fuch Contrad or Contrads, or (hall not be fmifhed and completed at or within the Time or Times fpecified in fuch Contrad or Con-trads, then the faid Commiffioners may caufe an Adion to be brought in any ol His Majefty’s Courts of Law at Wejhninjler, again.! any fuch,Contractor, for any Penalty contained in his Contrad ; and on Proof of the figning of the faid Contrad or Contrads, or Nonperformance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpofe to be therein mentioned, the faid Commiffioners fhall be entitled to, and fhall recover the full Penalty contained in any fuch Contrad, which, when recovered, fnall be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners (if they think fit) to compound and agree with any Contrador for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Nonperr formance of any fuch Contrad, for fuch Sum of Money as the laid *Commiflioners fhall think proper, not being lefs than the Injury or .Damage fuffained by the Breach or Nonperformance of fuch Contrad, and all Colts, Charges, rnifl Expences that fhall be, occafioned thereby. '

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Leffees for the Time being of the faid Pieces or Plots of-Ground, and the Occupiers of the feveral Houfes ereded and to be ereded and .built ..and engoinpaffing ihe faid Crefcent, (hall be entitled, unto and have the exclufive Ufe of, free Liberty, Way, and Paflage to go into and along the. faid Inclofure or Pleafure Ground; but that no other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall be entitled thereto, except as hereinafter is mentioned.

XXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That the Coni-miflioners for the Time being appointed under and by virtue of this Ad, (hall have Power by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant the Ufe of free Liberty, Way and Paflage into and along the faid Inclofure or Pleafure Ground, unto all and every the Occupiers of the Houfes to be ereded and built in the feveral Streeta and public Paffages and Places, (uch Occupier contributing and paying fuch proportionable Part of the Rates and Afleflments to be made and leived in purfuance of the Pow^r hereinafter contained, for forming, making, and embellilhing the faid Inclofure or Pleafure Ground, and for keeping the fame in Repair, as the faid Commiffioners fiia.ll judge reai'onable.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiffioners fhall at their Second Meeting in every Year caufe an Account of the Monies received and dilburled in the preceding Year, and the Amount of Arrears of Rates then due, and tfie Balance of Qalh in Hand to be made out, which Account it ffiall be lawful for all Perfons rated or affefled undefr and by virtue of this Ad, and all Petfons intereffed therein, at all feafon:-able Tunes to infped.

XXVII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.	1589

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Houfeholder within the

Limits of this Act (hall, by Writing under his or her Hand, to be left at Complaint u/ the ufual Place of Abode of the Surveyor or Infpector for the Tune de.fetf-.ve being to the faid Commiflioners, make Complaint of any Defect of light- Pavement or irg or cleanfing, or want of Repair in the Pavement in any of the lald^S^1^*^ Streets, Crefcent, or other public Paflages or Places, the faid Surveyor it","*and or Infpector in every fuch Cafe fhall enquire into and examine the Matter if defective to of Complaint, and report thereupon to the faid Commiflioners at their give Notice to next Meeting; and if by fuch Report it {hall appear that the Pavement Contra^or* complained of is bad and defective, unlefs it {ball appear to arife from a Defeat relating to the Water Pipes lying under fuch Pavement, the faid Commiflioners fiaall give Notice to their Contra&or or Pavior to repair the fame within fuch Time as the faid Commiflioners {hall judge necef-fary, which Time {hall be fpecified in fuch Order ; and if the Contractor or Pavior to whom fuch Order {hall be given {hall not repair and amend fuch Pavement within the Time directed by fuch Order, he {hall in every fuch Cafe forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that the faid defective Pavement {hall remain unrepaired after the Time limited by fuch Order, and One Moiety of every fuch Penalty {hall be paid to the Inhabitant fo making Complaint, and the other Moiety {hall be paid to the faid Commiflioners, to be applied by them for the Purpofes of this Ad; and if it {hall appear by fuch Report, that the Contract for cleanfing or lighting {hall not be duly performed, the faid Commiflioners {hall forthwith give Directions for recovering the Penalty under fuch Contract.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Signs, Sign Pofts, Gutters, For prevent-Screens, and Clofe Fences, which {hall be placed againft any of the Houfes ing En-

or other Buildings now ereded and ereding, or hereafter to be ereded or croachment3' built within the feveral Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paflages arid Places aforefaid, {hall be fixed clofe to the Fronts of the Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, and Buildings to which they {hall refpedively belong arid not otherwife, and that the refpedive Occupiers of any fuch Houfes or other ^Buildings as aforefaid, {hall at their own Charges, within fuch Time and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall from Time to Time (by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to be delivered to fuch refpedive Occupiers, or lefc at their refpective Dwelling Houfes) order and direct, caufe all Signs which may belong to, and fhall not be fixed or placed upon fuch refpective Houfes or other Buildings in manner aforefaid, to be taken down, and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, and all Sign Irons, Sign Pofts, and other Pofts,

Pent Houfes, Screens, Clofe Fences, Spouts, Steps, Shop Window's, and Cellar Windows, and other Encroachments, Obftructions, Projections, and Annoyances, which may hereafter be made by any fuch Occupier or other Perfon, in, upon, or near or attached to any fuch refpective Houfes or other Buildings contrary to the Meaning of this Act, tc be Temoved, altered, or reformed; and alio to caufe the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Pent Houfes, which belong to fuch refpective Houfes or other Buildings, by proper and fufficient Pipes or Trunks to be affixed to the Sides of fuch Houfes and other Buildings, refpectively, and from thence by proper Drains into the common Drains or Sewers; and in cafe any fuch Occupier {hall neglect or refufe fo to do, it {hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to caufe the fame to be done, and to caufe [l.oc, & Per.]	18	G	all

1590

4-8® GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

all the Cods and Charges attending the fame to be levied by Didreft and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juilice of the Peace for the County of Middle-/ex (which Warrant fuch Juflice is hereby required and authorized td grant) rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Perfon whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be fo diftrained and fold ; and if the Tenant in Poffeffion of any tuch Houfe or other Building (hall remove, alter, or reform any fuch Encroachment, Obftrudions, Projections, or Annoyances as afofefaid, according to the Direflions of the faid Commiffioners (except fuch as fhall be put up or occafioned by fuch Tenant), it fhall be lawful for every fuch Tenant to deduft and retain the Charges and Expences thereof out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord of every fuch Houfe or other Building is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend to authorize the faid Commiffioners to flop up any Cellar Window where there fhall be no other Way from the Street, or other public Paffage or Place, into fuch Cellar, unlefs the faid Commiffioners fhall make or provide fome other commodious Way info fuch Cellar; and in cafe the Pallifado, Fence, or Railing for feparating the Area of any Houfe or other Building from the Way or Paffage fhail be broken down or out of Repair, or any fuch Houfe or other Building (hall otherwife be dangerous for Paffengers, and fhe Owner or Occupier of fuch Houfe or other Building (hall not forthwith (being thereunto required by Writing, figned by the Surveyor or Clerk of the faid Commiffioners for the Time being) fet up, amend, or repair fuch Pallifado, Fence, or Railing, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners from Time to Time to canfe the fame to be fet up, amended, and repaired, or altered in fuch Manner as they fhall judge tieceffary, and to ievy the Charges and Expences attending the fame upon or from the Owner or Occupier of every fuch Houfe or other Building, by Dill refs and Sale, in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this A& authorized to be levied.

Penalties on XXIX. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon fhall run, drive, oecafioning or place, or caufe to be run, driven, or placed any Coach, Cart, or Wag-Nuifances.	gon> Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or any Carriage v hatfoever,

upon or over any of the Foot Pavements within the Limits of this Ait; or fhall wilfully ride, drive, or lead any Horfe or other Bead or Cattle along or upon any of the faid Foot Pavements; or fhall within any Street, Crefcent, or other public Paffage or Place within the Limits of this Ait, Daughter, drefs, or cut up any Swine or other Bead ; or hoop, cleanfe, or fcald any Cafk ; or hew or favs, any Stone, Wood, or Timber ; or bind or make the Wheel of any Carriage; or fhoe, bleed, drefs, or farry, unlefs in Cafe of Accident, or turn or drive loofe any Horfe, or beat, dud, or clean any Carpet, or fet, place, or expofe to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, either in the Footways ot Carriage Ways belonging or to belong to any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, or other public Pafiages or Places; every Perfon fo offending in any fuch Cafes, fhall for evciy l'uch Offence forfeit and pay any Sumnot exceeding Twenty Shillings: and alfo that if any Perfon or Perfons flrall fift, fcreen, or flack any Lime (except within fuch Hoard or Inclofure as hereinafter is mentioned) in any fuch Street, Crefcent, Paffage or Place, or caufe the fame to be fo done, he and they fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

XXX. Provided

48* GEORGII ILL Cap. 86.	*59r

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing herein Hoards may contained (hall hinder or prevent any Perfon from erecting br building any fceere&ed. Hoard or other Thing by way of Inclofure, for the Purpofe of making

Mortar or depofiting Bricks or Stone, or making or working up any Lime,

Sand, or other Materials for making, building, altering, or repairing, any Houfe, Wall, or other Building, within the Limits of this Act, or to fubject him to any Penalty on account thereof, but fo neverthelefs as that every fuch Perfon (hall previoufly have and obtain a Licence for that Purpofe, under the Hand of the Surveyor to the faid Comrniflioners, which Licence fuch Surveyor is hereby required forthwith to grant to any Perfori applying for the fame, and for which he (hall receive the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and which Licence (hall fpecify the Length and Breadth of every fuch Hoard, and the Time it is to continue for fuch Purpofes aforefaid; and if any Perfon (hall erect any Hoard or Inclofure of greater Dimenfions than (hall be fpecified in, or (hall fuffer fuch Hoard or Inclofure to remain for any longer Time than (hall be allowed by fuch Licence, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day of Twenty-four Hours that fuch Hoard or Inclofure, or any Part thereof, (hall be continued, after Notice (hall have been given by the Surveyor to take down and remove the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That if any Waggon, Cart, or other Penalty on Carriage (hall be left to (land or remain in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, leaving Car or other public Pafihges or Places, with or without Iiorfes, for any longer r'ages.&c->o Time than lhall be neceflary for the loading and unloading thereof; or if 1 e itreets* any Stage Coach. Poll Cnaife, or other Carriage let to Hire (except Hackney Coaches) (hall be left to (land or remain in any fuch Street,

Crefcent, Paffage, or Place, with or without Horfes, for any longer Time

than (hall be reafonable and neceffary for taking up or fetting down Paf-ffengers, or for loading or unloading their Baggage or other loading, except for Repairs in cale of Accident; or if any Horfe or other Cattle (hall be fuffered to (land at the Door or Houfe of any Perfon fo as to obftruct or incommode the Paffage of any of the faid Footways; or if any Timber,

Bricks, Stones, Wood, Goods, or other Things (hall be laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages or Places, for any longer Time than (hall be neceffary for removing or houi mg the fame; or if any Dung, Alhes, Rubbilh, Dud, Dirt, or other Nuifance or Annoyance (hall be thrown, cad, or laid in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, or other public Paffages or Places, and fuffered to remain for any longer Time than (hall be neceffary for removing the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe the Owner or Driver of every fuch Carriage, and the Owner of fuch Timber or other Things aforefaid, and the Perfon who (hall throw, cad, or lay any Dung, Alhes, Rubbilh, Dud, Dirt, or other Nuifance or Annoyance as aforefaid, or otherwife offend in the Pre-mifes, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any fuch Timber or other Things, or fuch Dung,

Alhes, Rubbilh, Dud, Dirt, or other Nuifance or Annoyance, (hall be fuffered to remain in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, or other public Paffages or Places, longer than (hall be neceffary as aforefaid, the Surveyor to be employed by the faid Comrniflioners is hereby authorized and empowered to caufe the lartie to be removed to fuch Place as he (hall think proper, and the Expence thereof (hall be paid by the Perfon liable

to

1592

f)irt not to be fwfcpt into any common Sewer, or within a certain Diftance of any Gutter or Channel.

Scavengers only to carry Dirt out of Streets.

Regulations

Scavengers

Duty.

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 86.

to the Payment of the Paid Penalty, and /hall and may, in cafe of Nonpayment on Demand, be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Ad authorized and direded to be recovered.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That no Scavenger or other Perfon Ihall fweep, rake, or place, or caufe to be fwept, raked, or placed, any of the Mud, Dirt, Dud, Rubbifh, Allies, Filth, or Soil to be found in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, or other public Paffages or Places, or brought therein, into any Common Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel thereunto belonging, but every fuch Perfon Ihall place, fweep, or rake the fame together fo as to lie at the Diltance of Ten Feet at the lead from each of the Gates to belong to or be placed over fuch Common Sewers, Drains, or Tunnels, and at the Diftance of Three Feet at the lead from the Channel where the Width of the Street, Lane, or Place will admit thereof; and that no Perfon other than the Scavengers to be employed by or under the faid Commiffioners Ihall colled, gather, take, or carry away any Dirt, Dud, Cinders, or Allies out of any fuch Streets, Crefcent, or other Palfages or Places, or the Houfes therein; and that no Perfon Ihall ufe or employ any Cart or other Carriage in or about the cleanfing or watering of any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, or other Paffages or Places, or in carrying any Dirt, Dud, Cinders or Afhes out of the fame, unlefs the Fellies of the Wheels of fuch Cart or other Carriage Ihall be of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches at the lead; and if any Perfon Ihall offend in any of the Cafes aforefaid, every fuch Perfon Ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety thereof to go to and be paid to the Informer : Provided neverlhelefs, that nothing in this Act contained Ihall extend to prevent or hinder the Owners of any fuch Dirt, Dud, Cinders, or Alhes, to carry away the fame for their own Ufe but not lor Sale.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon Ihall begin to empty any Privy, or to take or carry away any Nightfoil, or bring or place any Carts for removing the fame from any Houfe, Building, or Place already ereded, now eroding, or hereafter to be ereded, built, or made within the Limits of this Ad, before the Hour cf Twelve in the Night, or Ihall continue to take away the fame after the Flour of Five in the Morning, between Michaelmas and Lady Day, cr after the Hour of Four in the Morning between Lady Day and Michaelmas *, and that no Perfon Ihall put, or cad, or caufe to be put or cad any fuch Nightfoil out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwife, within the Limits of this Ad} and if any Perfon Ihall offend herein, he Ihall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof Ihall go to the Informer.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons contracting with the faid Commiffioneis for cleanfing the faid Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places, fhall once in every Fortnight, or oftener if the faid Commiffioners fhall fo direct, between the Hours of Three in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, attend in all and every the Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places within the Limits of this Act, and {hall give one Day’s Notice at lead in Writing to the Surveyor to the faid Commiffioners, fpecifying the particular Day in every Week, when they are to attend in each oii the faid refpective Streets, Crefcent, or public Paffages or Places, for the Purpofes aforefaid, of

which

*59$

48oGEORGII III. Cap. 86.

which the laid Surveyor fhall make an Entry in a Book, and fuch Surveyor fhall on that Day infpeft the laid Streets and other Places to fee if the Work is properly performed, and Ihal! make an Entry thereof in the fame Bock; and the Perfons fo contracting fhall alfo, upon the Requeft of any of the Inhabitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into all and every of the Hotifes and other Places where any Dirt, Dull, Cinders, or Allies #hall be depofited, and take and carry away the fame; and if any Perfon fo contracting, or any Perfon to be employed by him, fhall negleCl or refufe fo to do, he fliall forfeit and pay for every NegleCl or Refufal any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, one Moiety thereof fhall be paid to the Perfon complaining.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as any Pipe Regulations belonging or to belong to any of the Water Companies, who now furnilh for repiuing cr fhall hereafter furnifh any of the Inhabitants within the Limits of this Water Pipes. ACtr with Water, fhall happen fo burft or be out of Repair in any of the Streets, Crefcent, Paffages, or Places within the Limits of this ACt, the Surveyor to the faidCommiflioners, or any Other Perfon or Perfons to be by them appointed for that Purpofe, fhall forthwith caufe the Pavement to be taken up, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water fliall of may iiTue, by reafon of the burfting or breaking Of any fuch Pipe, and when upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground it fhall appear to what Water Company fuch Pipe fhall belong, then the Surveyor to the faid Commiflioners, Or fuch other Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, fhall give Notice to the Pavior of fuch laft-mentioned Company, or leave the fame at his laft or ufual Place of Abode, and the Pavior of the Company to whom fuch Pipe fhall belong, is hereby required to repdir of caufe to be repaired fuch Water Pipe, and to fill in the Ground over the fame, in fuch Manner as the Surveyor to the faid Commiflioners for the Time being fhall direct, within Two Days next after fuch Notice fhall be fo given or left as aforefaid ; and in Cafe the Paviof of the Company to whom luch defective Pipe fhall belong, fhall refufe or negleCl to amend or repair fuch Pipe, and fill in the Ground in fuch Manner as the faid Surveyor fhall direct as aforefaid, for the Space of Two Days next after fuch Notice fliall be given or left as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Perfon guilty of fuch Neglect fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Pipe (other than fuch as fhall belong to any fuch Water Companies) fhall happen to break or burft in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, Tallages, or Places, the Owner or Owners thereof fhall caufe the Ground to be opened and fuch Pipe to be repaired within the Time hereinbefore refpectiveiy limited for fuch Purpofe, and alfo fhall forthwith give Notice to the Surveyor of the faid Commiflioners, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo appointed by them as aforefaid, to relay the Pavement fo broken or taken up, on pain of forfeiting for every NegleCl or Refufal any Sum not ex* ceeding Forty Shillings; or if any Pavement fliall be broken or taken up by the Commiflioners of Sewers, or any other Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of making, repairing, or altering any Sewer or Drain, of for any other Purpofe whatl’oever, the Surveyor for the Time being to fuch Commiflioners of Sewers, or any other Perfon or Perfons fo breaking or taking up the faid Pavement, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Paving Contractor or Contractors, appointed or employed by the laid Commiflioners to relay or repair the Pjvement fo broken or takeft [Lcr. iVr.]	t8	H	V9

*59+

Pavement taken op for repairing Water Pipes to be relayed.

Paviors and Turncocks t give Notice of their Abodes to the Surveyors, &c.

48“ GE6R.G II III. Cap. 86.

up as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch Neglefl: or Refufai any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if tile faid Surveyor to or for whom fuch Notice (hall be given or left as aforefaid, (hall neglehl or refufe to acquaint the Paving Contra&or or Contraflors appointed by the faid Cotnmillioners with fuch Notice, or if fuch Cor.tradtor or Contractors flrall not within Two Days next after fuch Notice from fuch Surveyor, or other Perfon or Perfons refpectively, relay or repair the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe the Perfon.or Perfons fo refpectively offending, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and a Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day fuch Pavement (hall continue without being relayed or repaired after the Expiration of the faid Two Days.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That whenever the Pavement of any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, Paffages or Places, (hall betaken up for the Purpofe ' of laying, alterinc, or repairing any Water Pipe or Plug, the faid Pavement (hall with all convenient Speed be relaid and repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contracting with or employed by the faid CommifTioners, and the Expence of taking up, relaying, and repairing fuch Pavement (hall be borne and paid by the Company or Companies, Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Pipe or Plug (hall belong j but if for the Purpofes of this Act it (hall at any Time be found neceffary to raiCe, fink, or otherwife alter the Pofition of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the faid Companies, or to alter any Sewers, Drains, Gully Holes, or Grates, within the Limits of this Act, the fame (hall be done with as little Detriment or Inconvenience to the Company or Companies, to whom the fame (hall belong, as the Circumflances o( the Cafe will admit of, and the Expences thereof (hall be defrayed by the faid Commiflioners out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafled, That the feveral and refpeffive 0 Paviors and Turncocks now appointed, and hereafter to be appointed in cafe of the Death ot Removal of any i'uch t'avior or Turncock belonging to the faid refpeffive Water Companies (hall, and they are hereby required within the Space of Forty Days after the palling of this Aft, or within the Space of Seven Days next alter he or they (hall be appointed Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to fuch Company or Companies, to give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Commiflioners for the Time being, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be by them appointed for that Purpofe, which Notice (hall contain the Name and Place of Abode of every fuch Pavior or Turncock, as alfo to what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what Ditlrict he has the Care of the Pipes belonging to fuch Company or Companies; and in the like Manner the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being to the laid Commiflioners, (hall within the refpedive Times aforefaid give Notice to the refpeffive Paviors or Turncocks of the faid feveral Water Companies, and alfo to the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commiflioners of Sewers, of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and likewife of the Names and Places of Abode of fuch Paving Contraaor or Contractors, or Perfon or Perfons employed as Pavior or Paviors by the faid Commiflioners; and every Perfon neglecting or refufing to give fuch Notice as aforefaid within the Times before leipeclively fpecified, fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

.... =	It	a._________ XXXVIII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.	*59S

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as any Commifllon-Sewer, Gully Hole, or Drain, which fhall or may be under the Direction of f*ar^J?ewen the Commiffioners of Sewers in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, Paffages or	gcc.

Places within the Limits of this Act, fhall require to be repaired, altered, under their cleanfed, or emptied, or any new or additional Sewer, Gully Hole, or Drain, Dire£bon, fhall be neceffary to be made or any new or additional Grate to be put and pjp^11^3 placed over any Sewer, Gully Hole, or Drain, in any of the faid Streets, pay t£e Crefcent, Padages, or Places, or any old Grates over the fame (hall require pences of rx-to be repaired, removed, or altered, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid pairing them. Commiffioners of Sewers fhall, within Three Days next after Notice given to or left for their Surveyor for the Time being at his laft or ufual Place of Abode, figned by the Surveyor to the Commiffioners for putting this Aft into execution, caufe fuch Sewer, Gully Hole, or Drain, to be made, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, or fuch new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or fuch old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered 5 and in default thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for putting this Aft into execution, or their Surveyor, to Caufe fuch Sewer,

Gully Hole, or Drain, to be made, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, or fuch new and additional Grates to be made and put down, or fuch old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered, as the Cafe may require, or fo much of the faid Works to be completed as fhall remain unfmifhed : Provided always, that the Charges and Expences of relaying or repairing the Pavement which fhall be broken or taken up for the Purpofe of repairing or amending any Pipe, fhall be paid to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint to receive the fame; and that the Charges and Expences of making, repaving, altering, cleaning, or emptying any fuch Sewer or Drain, and of making or putting down any fuch new or additional Grates, and altering or repairing fuch old Grates, and of relaying or repairing the Pavement fo broken or taken up for any of the Pur-pofes aforefaid fhall be paid to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall at any fuch Meeting as aforefaid appoint to receive the fame, by the Treafurer or Clerk to the faid Commiffioners of Sewers, or by the Perfon or Perfons who fhall take or caufe the faid Pavement to be taken up for the Purpofes aforefaid; and in cafe the Owner or Owners of fuch Pipe as aforefaid, or the Treafurer or Clerk of the faid Commiffioners of Sewers or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, fhall negleft or refufe to pay what ihall have been fo laid out, or difburfed for the Purpofes aforefaid, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, figned by the Clerk to the Commiffioners for putting this Aft in execution, and left at their refpeftive Dwelling Houfes, or laft or ufual Place of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Bill fhall contain an Account of fuch Charges and Expences) then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for putting this Aft in execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought an Aftion againft any or either of the refpeftive Perfons aforefaid, for the Recovery of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners fhall have fo laid out and expended for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners for Watchmen tdf putting this Aft in execution may and are hereby authorized and em- be appointed, powered, from Time to Time, to appoint fuch Number of Watchmen and Patroles to be employed within the Limits of this Aft, for fo long l ime ini the Night, under fuch Regulations, and, for fuch Wages, as they fhall think

proper*

'i

!

1596	48° GEORG'II III. Cap. 86.

proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons* and Cloathing, for the Difcharge of their Duty; and if any Watchman or Patrole appointed as aforefaid, (hall refufe or neglect to perform his Duty, or (hall in anywife mifbehave himfelfin the execution of his Office, he (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every fuch Offence.

W»y hm .	lt:	former	enacted,	That the Watchmen to be appointed and

v ato men. employed as aforefaid (hall, during the Time of their being upon Duty, ufe their utmaft Endeavours to prevent any Mifchief by Fire, and alfo any Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, or other Outrages and Diforders, within the Limits of this Aft; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Watchmen or any of them, and they are hereby refpectively authorized and required, while on Duty, to apprehend and fecure all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and other diforderly Perfons within the Limits of this Act, who (hall difturb the public Peace, or whom they (hall have Caufe to fufpect of any evil De-figns, and to fecure and keep in fafe Cuftody every fuch Perfdn, in order that he or (he may be conveyed, as foon as conveniently may be, before fome Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlefex, to be examined and dealt with according to Law ; and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Public Houfe, (Kali knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the Limits of this Act, or permit or fuffer any fuch Watchman to be and remain in his Houfe during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every fuch Victualler or Keeper of fuch Public Houfe, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLI. And, for raifing Money to enable the faid Commiffioners appointed and to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, to carry the feveral Purpofes of this Act into execution ; Be it further enacted. That one or more Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, lhall for the purpofe of paving, repairing, cleanfmg, lighting, watering, and watching of the faid Streets, Crefcent, and other public Paffae.es and Places which (hall be within the Limits of this Act, be laid and affeffed by the faid Commiffioners once in every Year, if they (hall judge it needful, upon all Houles, Shops, Ware-houfes, Coach Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, and Tenements, in any of the faid Streets, Crefcent, and other public PalTages and Places, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners (hall order and direct; and that one or more Rate or Kates, Affeffment or Affeffments, (hall, for the Purpofe of forming, making, inclofing, planting, ornamenting, and embellilhing the faid Centre or Area of the laid Crefcent, be in like Manner laid and affeffed on the Houfes and Buildings to be erected and built, and encompafs the faid Crefcent, in. fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Commiffioners lhall order and direct j but fo neverthelefs as that fuch Rate or Rates, Affeffment or Affeffments, do not exceed in the whole in any one Year the feveral Sums of Money next hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay) for paving, repairing, cleanfing, watching, and lighting the faid feveral Streets, Crefcent, and other public PalTages and Places, after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of luch Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, Coach Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, and Tenements, which are or lhall be fituate within the Limits of this Act, and for watering fuch Streets, Crefcent, and other public PalTages and Places, the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, according to the yearly Rent or Value of fuch Houfes and Buildings as lhall be

erected

Rates to be laid on Houfes, &c.

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

JS97

eredled and built in or about fuch Crefcent or Places which fliall from Time to Time be watered in purfuance of the Directions of this Adi, for forming, making, inclofing, ornamenting, and embellifhing the Centre, Area, or middle Space of the faid Crefcent, which {hall be laid out and made within the Limits of this Adi, and for fupporting and maintaining the fame, after the rate of One Shilling in the Pound, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of fuch Houfes and Buildings as (hall be erected and built in or about fuch Crefcent or Places; in the making of which faid feveral Rates or Affeffments, the Stables, Coach Houfes, Erections, and other Buildings which (hall belong to or be refpedlively held and occupied with any of the Houfes eredted and to be eredled, or fituated in any of the faid Streets,

Crefcent, and other public Paffages and Places, (hall be refpectively rated together and along with fuch Houfes, and not as feparate Buildings, and that the faid Commiffioners {hall caufe feparate and diftinct Accounts to be kept of the Produce of the faid rcfpecrive Rates and Affeffments, and of the Application of the fame refpectively.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That all and Dire&'ng fingular the Houfes and other Buildings to be made and erected in Ton- Jow *hc bridge Place aforefaid {hall be affefled and rated at Three-fourths only of Abridge the Rates to be affefled on the Ploufes in the other Streets and Places pjace thall within the Limits of this Adt.	*	be rated.

XLIII. And be it further enadled, That the annual Value of all fuch' Ho-.v the Houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, and Tenements-, fo to be re-' yearly V !ue fpectively rated and affefled as aforefaid, (hall be fettled and afeertained ac- of cording to the real Rack Rent or full yearly Value thereof, as the faid ffeertained6 Commiffioners {ball think ^proper, and the firfc Year for which fuch Rates or Affeffments as aforefaid fhail be made, (hall commence for or in fefpedt of fuch Houfes or other Buildings as now are or ffiall be then eredled, built, and tiled, fiated or covered in, within the Limits of this Act, and the Pavements be made in the Front thereof as far as the Middle of the Street, Crefcent, or Place, and the whole of the Foot and Carriage Ways of the Crefcent on which they {hall refpectively abut, from the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and for or in refpedt of all fuch Houfes or Buildings hereafter to be eredled or bu.’lc within the Limits of this Adi, which {hall not be tiled, flated, or covered in and pav* d in Front thereof as aforefaid, on the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight, in the firft Year fhail commence from the next Quarter Day after the fame fhail be fo tiled, fiated or covered in, and the Pavements made in Front thereof as aforefai d ; and the Monev fo rated and affefled under or in purfuance of this Adi, {hall from Time to Time be paid to.the Collectors to be appointed as aforefaid, at fuch Time and Times in every Year, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fliall order and direct, and fliall be paid over by fuch Collectors into the Hands ot the Trealurer to the faid Commiffioners, or fuch Banker or other Ferfon or Perfons as they {hall order or diredt for that Purpole.

XLIV. Provid-d always. That when any of the faid Houfes or other Emp'y Buildings fliall at the Time of making any of the faid Rates or Affeffments Louies to be be empty or unoccupied, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful lor 5ja,r?ed the faid Commiffioners to rate and affefs fuch Premiles refpectively at One- Rates* half only of fuch Rates or Affeffments, and no more, during the l ime fuch

[Loc. Per.~]

18 I

Premifes



Proportion c Rates to be paid by Per-Jons removing.

Public Build

ed according to the Number of Squan Yards of paving belonging thereto.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

Premifes /hall be empty or unoccupied; and alfo in cafe any fuch Pre-mifes, after the making of any fuch Rate or Affeffnient, /hall become empty or unoccupied, One-half only of fuch Rates or Aflefiments fliali be charged on fuch Premifes refpectively, for and during fo long Time as the fame /hall continue empty or unoccupied ; and then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Rates or Affeflments, and all Arrears due thereon, /hall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to fuch Premifes, or by the fir ft or any other Tenant or Occupier thereof, but fuch Tenant or Occupier /hall not be liable and compellable to pay more than one Year’s Rates or Afteffments due in refpeff of fuch Premifes; and every fuch Tenant or Occupier /hall and may and is hereby authorized to deduct and retain the fame out of his or her Rent; and the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to fuch Premifes is and are hereby required to allow fuch Deductions; and that where any Hotife, Building, or Tenement, in refpect whereof any Rate or Affeflinent /hall be made as aforefaid, {hall be let to more than one Tenant, any one or more of fuch Tenants /hall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Purpofes of this Aft.

f XLV. Provided alfo, That in all Cafes where any Perfon /hall remove from or quit any Houfe, Building, or Tenement, which /hall be rated or affeffed by virtue of this Act, fuch Perfon /hall be liable to fuch Rate or Afleflment in Proportion to the Time that he or /he occupied the fame ; and in all Cafes where any Perfon /hall come into or occupy any Houfe, Building, or Tenement rated or aflefled as aforefaid, out of or from which any other Perfon who /hall have been rated or aflefled for the fame /hall be removed, or which at the Time of making any Rate or Afle/fment was empty or unoccupied, the Perfon coming into or occupying the fame/hall be liable to pay fuch Rate or Afle/fment in refpect thereof, in proportion to the Time that he or /he occupied the fame; which faid refpedlive Proportions, in cafe of Difpute, /hall be fettled and afeertained by the faid Commiflioners.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Rates or Afllflments to be made and laid by virtue of this Act upon or in refpect of any Chapel, Meeting H ^ufe, Hofpital, School, or other public Building, or any Wall or void Space of Ground, /hall be afeertained according to the Number of Square Yards of Pavement paved or repaired, cleanfed, lighted, watched, or watered, under or by virtue of this Act belonging to fuch Chapel, Meeting Houfe, Hofpital, School, or other public Building, Wall, or void Space of Ground, meafuring the fame from fuch Chapel, Meeting Houfe. Hofpital, School, Building, Wall, or Square of Ground, to the Middle of the Street, Creicent, or Place on which the fame /hall refpectively abut, and the fame /hall never exceed in any one Year the Sum of Nine-pence for every fuch Square Yard; and fuch Rates or Afle/linents to be made and laid upon fuch Chapel, Meeting Houfe, Hof-piial. School, or other public Building, Wall, or void Space of Ground, Ihall be paid by the Chapel Wardens, or Owners or Proprietors thereof refpectively ; but fo neverthelefs as that no Rate or Afle/fment /hail by virtue of this Act be laid upon, or colle&ed or received for or in refpect of any Wall or void Space of Ground, unlefs the fame /hall abut upon or front fome Street, Lane, or Place to be paved, cleanfed, or lighted as aforefaid.

XLVIL And

48°GEORGII IH. Gap. 86.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Rate or AflefTment which (hall be laid or afiefled by virtue of this Act for or in refpect of any Houfe, Building, Coach Houfe, Stable, or Tenement, which any Ambaflador, Refident Agent, or other public Minifler of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any fuch Ambaflador, Refident Agent, or other public Minifler, or any other Perfon not liable by Law to pay fuch Rate or A-fleffinent (hall hereafter inhabit, (hall be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Proprietor of every fuch Houfe, Building, Coach Houfe, Stable, or Tenement, who fhall for that Purpofe be deemed the Occupier thereof.

XLVI1I. And be it further enacted, That the Leflee, Landford, or Owner of every Houfe within the Limits of this Aft, which is or fhall or may be let out ready-furnifhed to a Lodger or Lodgers, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and fhall be liable and fubjeft to the Rates or Aflefiments directed by this Aft to be made, raifed, and levied, according to the yearly Value of the Premifes; and that every Perfon renting or occupying any fuch ready-furnifhed Houfe as aforefaid, fhall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the faid Rates or Af-feflinents to be recovered in Manner herein directed; but fuch Perfon fo renting or occupying any fuch ready-furnifhed Houfe as aforefaid fhall riot be liable and compellable to the Payment of the faid Rates or Afleflments beyond the Rent aftually due in refpeft of the faid Premifes; and that every fuch refpeftive Occupier or Occupiers who fhall pay any fuch Rate or AflefTment, or from whom the fame fhall be recovered in purfuance of this Aft, fhall and may deduft the fame from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to fuch refpeftive Leflee, Landlord, or Owner; and the Receipt for fuch Payment fhall be a fufficient Difcharge for fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, to his, her, or their Landlord, for fo much Money as he, fhe, or they fhall pay, or as fhall be levied on him, her, or them, by virtue of this Aft.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That if any Houfe or Premifes fhall be fituate partly within the Limits of this Act, and partly in any Street or Place not within fuch Limits, fuch Houfe or Premifes fhall be afiefled to the Rates to be raifed by virtue of this Aft, for a proportionable Part only of the Rent thereof, and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners or any Perfon appointed by them, at fome Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, and they or he are or is hereby refpectivelv authorized and required to apportion and fettle at how much and what"Part of the Rent of fuch Houfe and Premifes the fame fhall be afiefled.

L. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of the Rates or Afleflments to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perlons liable to pay any of the faid Rates or Afleflments fhall refufe or neglect to pay the Money rated or afiefled upon him, her, or them, and all Arrears due thereon, or if any Perfon or Perfons liable to pay any of the faid Rates or Aflefiments, fhall at any Time begin to remove his, her, or their Goods or Furniture from the Houfe or Premifes in his, her, or their Occupation within the Limits of this Aft, or to fell or difpofe of fuch Goods or Furniture therein by public Auction, or fell, difpofe of or carry away his, her, or their Goods or Furniture as aforefaid, without paying all Arrears then due or rated in refpeft of fuch Houfe (in which the current

Quarter

1599

Rates of Houfes let to Ambafladors, Sec. to be paid by Landlords.

LtfT es fubjeft to Rates of Houfes let to Lodgers.

Houfes partly within and

mitshofLtr.is Aft, how to

Arrears of Rates how to be recovered.

i6co

Commitfion-

ers may bring -Adions for

Poors RatC3 may be in* fpected.

Rate Books to be a milled Evidence.

48s GEORQII IU. Qap..86.

Quarter (hall be confidered as due"' that then and in any of the faid Cafes it {hall be lawful for the Colle&or for the Time being td the faid Commif-fioners to collect and levy fuch Rates or AfTeffmems, and all Arrears due thereon, and the Rate or AfTeflmem for fuch Quarter wherein fuch Removal or Sale fhali begin to be made as aforefaid (although previous to the Time for Payment of the Rate or Affeffment for fuch Quarter) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Juflice nr Juft ices of the Peace for the County of Middfcfex, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party fo neglecting or refufing, or beginning to remove, take away, or fell any fuch Goods of; Furniture as aforefaid ; and if within Five Days next after fuch Dif-trefs fhali be made, the ‘faid Rates or Aflefliftents, and all Arreafs due thereon, together with the reafonable Charges of taking and keeping the faid Diftrefs, (hall not be paid, the faid Colleflor fhali eaufe the faid Goods and Chattel's to be appraifed and fold, or fuch Part thereof as fhali be fufHcient to pay fuch Rates or AHeffments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reafonable Charges of making fuch Diftrefs, and of keeping and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpe&ively.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it fhali be lawful for the faid Commiftioners, if they fhali think it more expedient, to bring or eaufe to be brought in the Name of their Clerk, or of any One or more of them the faid Cotnmiffioners, any Action or Actions of Debr, or fpecial Action on the Gale, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmin-fieri f°r all or any of the Rates or Afteffments to be made by virtue of this Aft, in which Action or Actions it fhali be fufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in fuch Sum of Money as the Plaintiff fhali fuppofe to be due* and if the Plaintiff fhali recover fuch Sum fo declared for, or any Part thereof, he fhali have full Colls to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon judgments are now by Law levied, and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, fhali be allowed.

LII. And be it further enafled, That it fhali be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, having an Order under the Hands of any Three or more of the faid Commiilioners, to infpect or take Copies or Extracts of any Rates made for railing Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the faid Parifh, which Infpection, Copies, and Extracts, the Perlon and Perfons having the Cuftody of fuch Rates re-fpectivelv are hereby required to permit and luffer to be made, without Fee or Reward, upon the producing of fuch Order; and in cafe any Perfon having the Cultody of any fuch Rates, fhali neglect or refufe fo to do within Two Days after fuch Order fhali have been produced and fhewn to him, or a Copy thereof left at his ufual Place of Abode, he fhali for every fuch Neglect or Refufal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LII!. And be it further enafled and declared, That the Books of Rates to be delivered by the Collectors or other Officers to the faid Commif-fioners, and all Entries afterwards made therein, or examined Copies thereof re'ptctively, fhali be received as Evidence of the Rates iinpofed

by

i6oi

4B0 GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

by virtue of this Aft, and of the Payment of fuch Rates, or fuch of therri, or fuch Part thereof, as fliall by fuch Entries appear to have been paid to fuch Colle&ors.

LIV. And whereas it will require a very considerable Sum of Money to Form, inclofe, raisin, make, ornament, and embellifh the Centre or Area of the faid Crefcent which is intended to be made and completed under the Direction of the Mafisr and Wardens of the Company of Skinners for the Time being \ Be it therefore further enacted, That the faid Commiffiuners fhall and they are hereby authorized and directed, from and out of the Monies which fhall be raifed and received under and by virtue of this Act, to reimburfe and repay to the faid Mailer and Wardens, their Suc-ceffors and Afligns, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as he or they fhall or may expend or lay out in forming, inclofing, railing in, making, ornamenting, and embellifhing the faid intended Crefcent, as to the faid Com-miffioners fliall appear fair and reafonable, with lawful interefl for the fame, from the Time the Houfes and Buildings refpectively furrounding fuch Crefcent fhall become rateable.

LY. And whereas it is apprehended feveral Perfons may at their own Expence pave certain Part or Parts of the faid Streets, Crefcent, Paffages, and Places within the Limits of this Act, for which it is reafonable fome Allowance fhould be made; Be it therefore further enacted. That it fhail be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Monies to arife under this Act, to make and pay to fuch Perfons refpectively fuch Payments or Allowances, for or in refpect of fuch Pavement made or to be made by them as aforefaid, as to the faid Commiffioners lhali appear fair and reafonable.

LVI. And, for the more fpeedy railing Money for the Purpofes of this A£l, Be it further enabled, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow' and take up at Interefl any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates or Affelfmeilts hereinbefore granted, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or affign over the faid Rates or Affeflinents, or any Part thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons who fliall advance or lend fuch Monies, or his or their Truflee or Truflees, as a Security for the Money fo to be borrowed, together wdth interefl for the fame; and every fuch Mortgage or Aflignment may be according to the Form following j (videlicet:)

* J\Y Virtue 2n made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of « King George the Third, intituled, [fit' forth the Title of this Aft~] ‘We

< being	of the Commiffioners appointed by virtue of the faid

« A£t, in Confideration of the Sum of

‘ advanced and lent by A. B. to C. D. the Treafurer appointed in pur-« fuance of the faid A6t, upon the Credit and -for the Purpofes of the faid « A&, Do grant and aflign unto the faid A. B. his Executors, Adminiflra-‘ tors, and Afligns, fuch Proportion of the Rates or AfTeffments arifmg 6 by virtue of the faid Act, as the faid Sum of

4 doth or fhall bear to the whole Sum which is or fliall be borrowed upon & the Credit of the faid Act, To be had and holder, from this Day, until

[Loc. & Ber.~\	18 K	*	the

Power for re-imburling the Mailer and Wardens of che Company.

Commiffioners may make Allowances to fuch Perfons as may have paved at their own Expence.

Commiffioners may boa-row Money.

Form of Af-fignment

1602

Sidney may be railed by Annuities.

Commiflion-ers may caufe

other Securities to be given for Payment of fuch Annuities.

Commifllor,-fonally liable.

Money bor-

to exceed 50,000/.

48° GEGRGI1 III. Cap. 86;

e the Paid Sum of	with	Intereft at

‘ per Centum per Annum for the fame, to be paid Half-yearly, ffiall be re-‘ paid and fatisfied. In Witnefs whereof we have hereunto fet our Hands ‘ and Seals, this	Day of

And every fuch Alignment fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in cafe the faid Commiffioners fhall think it advifeable to raife all or any Part of the Money neceffary for the Purpofes of this Act, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Perfon or Perfons, or for any limited Number of Years not exceeding Thirty Years, then it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifliohers, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Commiffioners, any Sum or Sums of Money for the abfolute Purchafe of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every fuch Contributor, ot the natural Life of every fuch Perfon who fhall be nominated by or on the Behalf of fuch Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchafe Money, or for any limited Number of Years not exceeding Thirty Years as aforefaid, fo as that no fuch feparate Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners ffiall caufe a Bond or Note, or other Security in Writing under the Hands and Seals of Five or more of them, to be delivered to every Perfon advancing any Part of the faid Monies, for Payment of fuch Annuities in refped thereof, which Bonds, Notes, or other Securities fhall be affignable by Indorfement, which faid feveral Annuities fo to be purchafed, fhall be and are hereby charged upon, and ffiall be paid out of the Rates or AfTeff-ments hereinbefore mentioned * and ffiall be made payable and be paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of fuch Contributors refpedively, or the natural Life or Lives of fuch other Perfon or Perfons as ffiall be nominated by fuch refpedive Contributors, and a proportionable Part of each Annuity ffiall be paid from the laft Quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his Gejlui que Vie, and none of the faid Annuities ffiall be fubjed to any Tax or Dedudion whatfoever.

L1X. Provided always, That nothing herein contained ffiall be deemed, conftrued, or taken to extend to make the faid Commiffioners perfonally, or their refpedive Mates, Lands, and Tenements, Goods and Chattels, liable to the Payment of the faid Annuities fo to be purchafed in pur-fuance of this Ad, by reafon of their giving or executing fuch Bond as aforefaid.

LX. Provided nevefthelefs, That no greater Sum in the whole than Fifty thoufand Pounds ffiall be raifed by Loan or Mortgage, and by the Sale or granting of Annuities as aforefaid; and that before any fuch Money ffiall be borrowed or Annuity granted, Fourteen Days Notice at the lead ffiall be given in feme Newfpaper publiffied in London or Wejl-

minjler,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.	1603

mnfitr, fignifying the Intention of borrowing fuch Money or granting fuch Annuities.

LXI. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the Perfons ivi^de 0f entitled to any of the Securities or Orders for the Money borrowed or for transferring the Annuities granted and ordered to be paid as aforefaid, by Writing Securities, under their Hands indorfed thereon, to transfer the fame refpeftively to any Perfon or Perfons according to the Form following:

do hereby afllgn the within Mortgage or Bond, for the Pay- Form of

*	ment of the within mentioned Annuity, and all my Right and Title in Transfer.

*	and to the Principal Money and Intereft, [or, Annuity, and all the

*	Arrears now due thereon, by virtue of the within written Bond j there-

1 by fecured, unto	his	Executors,	Adminiftrators,	and Afiigns.

‘ Dated the	Day of

And Entries or Memorials of all Mortgages or Aflignments, and Bonds Entries or for the Payment of Annuities, which (hall be made in purfuance of this Memorials of Aft, and of all Transfers thereof, expreffmg in Words at Length the 2,1 MorC* Names, Additions, Places of Abode, and other proper Defcriptions of all bettered in fuch Perfons as (hall from Time to Time be entitled to the Principal a Book. Money and .Intereft, or the Annuities thereby refpeftively fecured, (hall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the faid Commifiioners to which Book any Perfon interefted (hall at all feafonable Times have Accefs, and (hall have free Liberty to infpeft the fame without Fee or Reward ; and for the Entry of every fuch Transfer or Alignment, the faid Clerk (hall be paid Five Shillings, and no more; and every fuch Transfer or Alignment, after fuch Entry thereof as aforefaid, (hall entitle the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be made, and his, her, or their Pxecutors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred; and all Perfons to whom fuch Mortgages, Af-fignments, or Bonds for any Annuities (hall be made, or who (hall be entitled to the Money or Annuities thereby fecured, (ha 1 be, in proportion to the Sums therein refpeftively mentioned, Creditors on the faid Rates or Affeffments equally one with another, without any Preierence in refpeft to the Priority of advancing fuch Money, or the Dates of any fuch Mortgages, Aflignments, Grants, or Orders refpeftively.

LXII. And be it further enafted, That all the Money to arife by or Application from the faid Rates or Afleffments, and which may be borrowed or ad- ofu»eMoney, vanced upon or received for the Purchafe of any Annuities on the Credit or Security thereof, (hall be applied in the firft place in paying and discharging the Expences attending the obtaining and palling this Aft, and afterwards from Time to Time in paying the Intereft of the Principal Money to be borrowed, and the Annuities to be granted as aforefaid, and in reimburfing and repaying the faid Mailer and Wardens fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they (hall advance, expend, or lay out in forming* inclofing, making, railing in, ornamenting, and embellifhing the \

Centre or Area of the faid Crefcent and making fuch Allowances to the feveral Perfons who (hall have paved any Part of the faid Streets,

Crefcent, Paffages and Places, and in defraying the Expences of forming, making, inclofing, ornamenting, and embellifhing the faid Centre or Area of the (aid Crefcent, and of paving, repairing, cleanftng, lighting* watching, and watering the faid Streets, Squares, and other

public

I00i

48° G EORG 11 III. Cap. 86.

public t5afTac:c^ -nd Places, and of carrying this Aft into execution, and in paying off the fa id Principal Money, in fuch Manner as the faid Com-niithoners lhall think proper.

Creditors to	L"XIII	And, in order that no undue Preference may be given to any

bt paid by	0f the Perfons entitled to the Principal Money which /hall be borrowed

ba.iot.	bnd leetfred on the Credit of the faid Rates or Afleffments in difcharging

lueh Principal Money in purfuance of this Act; Beit further enaded. That when and fo often as the Money to be railed by the laid Rates or Afleffments fliall amount to the Sum or Three Hundred Pounds (over and above what lhall be neceffary to pay the growing Intereft upon the faid Principal Money, and the Annuities which may be fecured or granted in purfuance of this Aft, and the Expences hereinbefore provided for) the faid Commiilioners lhall caufe the Number of all the Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities to be granted or made, and then in force for fecuring the Principal Monies borrowed, of which Part fliall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon diftind Pieces of Paper of an equal Size* and all fuch Papers to be rolled up in the fame Manner as near as may be, and put into a Box or Giafs, and one Number of the faid Mortgages* Alignments, or Securities, lhall be drawn out of the faid Box or Giafs by the Clerk to the laid Commiilioners, in the Prefence of Five or more Of the faid Commiilioners: Provided always, that if it lhall happen that any Mortgage* Alignment, or Security, the Number whereof fliall be drawn cut as aforel'aid, fliall be for a greater Sum than One hundred Pounds, no more than One hundred Pounds fliall be difeharged in conlequence of fuch Number being fo drawn.

. ^ ... LX1V. And be it farther enabled, That the faid Commiflioners lhall caufe b^gTven to k Notice figned by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the ufual Place of the Pei ions Abode of the Perfon or Perfons whofe Principal Money fliall be intended whofe Affign- to fog paid 0ffs which Nolice lhall exprefs the Suoi to be paid off', together b en^dafft0 lbe Jntere^ due thereon, and that the fame will be paid at the Place e pai 2 to be mentioned in fuch Notice, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving or leaving fuch Notice as alorelaid, the Intereff of the Principal Money fo to be paid oft' lhall, from and after the End of the faid Six Calendar Months* ceafe and be no longer paid or payable, unlefs fuch Principal Money lhall be demanded purluant to fuch Notice and not paid ; but the Principal Money in refpect whereof fuch Notice lhall be given, and alfo t«e intereff thereof, to the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, lhall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

Power to bor- LXV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Commiflioners row Moneydt can at any Time borrow or take up any burn or Sums of Money at a lower lower Intei, £ate 0fIntereff than the Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities which fliall charge be’cu- be then in *orce bear» n be,lawful for the faid Com»niffioners from riiiesat "	Time to Time to charge the faid Rates or Afleffments in manner afore-

higher.	fajcjj with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they lhall think proper, and the

Intereff thereof at luch lower Rate as aforel'aid, and to pay off and dif-charge the Alignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Intereff.

Recovery of LXVI. And be it further enaded. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Penalties. this Ad impofed, the Manner of recovering which is not hereby otherwiie

direded.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap.86.	i6°5

directed, fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender or Offenders fliall be or refide, which Warrant fuch Jullice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeflion of the Party, or upon the Information of any credible Witnefs upon Oath ; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fliall (if not directed to be otherwife applied by this Act) be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Commiflioners, and applied for fuch of thePurpofes of this Act as the faid Commiflioners fliall think proper; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties or Forfeitures fliall not be forthwith paid, fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction within fuch County or Place there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fliall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all fuch Commiflioners as are Commiffion-or fhall be Juftices of the Peace may act as Juftices in all Matters under in Lom' the Authority of this Aft, notwithftanding their being Commiflioners; and that in all Cafes where any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace is or are as^tices* authorized by this Aft to examine any Perfon or Perfons on Oath or Affirmation, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices, and he and they is and are hereby required to adminifter fuch Oath or to take fuch Affirmr ation; and that in all Cafes where any Parties, Witnefles, Officers to Commiflioners, or other Perfons, are to be heard or examined by, before, or in the Prefence of the faid Commiflioners, in any Cafe, Matter, or Thing relating to this Act, it fliall be lawful for fuch Commiflioners to adminifter an Oath to or take the Affirmation of fuch Parties, Witnefles, or Perfons.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Profecutions, Inhabkants Informations, Caufes, and Proceedings whatfoever, relating to or concern- may give ing the Execution of this Aft, any Perfon refiding within the Limits of £vuieiice-this Aft fhall be admitted and allowed to give Evidence, notwithftanding fuch Perfon (hall be charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Afleffment by virtue of this Act; and that the faid Commiflioners may fue or be fued CommKnon-in the Name of their Treafurer or Clerk; and that no Action to be brought ers to *ue or by or againft the faid Commiflioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Nameohhei* Aft, fliall abate or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of any fuch Treaiurer or Treafurer or Clerk, but that the Treaiurer or Clerk for the Time being to Clerk the faid Commiflioners, fhall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Aftion, as the Cafe fhall be.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon Appeal, fliall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any Rate or Afleffment which fhall be made in purfuance of this Aft, he or fhe having firfh paid the faid Rate or Afleffment, may appeal to the faid Commiflioners at their next Meeting to be holden after the Payment of fuch Rate or Afleffment; and the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fhall think fuch Perfon aggrieved, to give fuch Relief in the Premifes as to them [Lee. & Per.]	18	L—M	fhall

i6o6

GEORGII III. C^. 86.

(hall feem reafonable; and if any fuch Perfon (halt be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiflioners therein, or if any Perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any ether Matter or Thing ro be done in purfuance of this Aft, every fuch Perfon may appeal to the Juftices at any General or Quaiter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the County of MiddlefeXy within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving Fourteeri Days Notice at the leaft in Writing of his or her Intention to make fuch Appeal, and of the Matters thereof, to the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, and within Five Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Seflions ; and the Juftices at fuch Seflions (hall hear and finally determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft as they (hall think proper; and their Determination thereon (hall be final, binding, and conclufire to all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes.

R~tes or Pro- LXX. And be it further enafted, That no Rate or Affeffment, or any ceedings not Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or other Matter or Thing io be quaiv.cd to be done or tranfafted in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, ot for want of any Order cr Determination thereon, in purfuance of this Aft, (hall be mote'd by ,e'	or	vacated	for	want	of	Form	only,	or	be	removed	or	removable

Certiorari. into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejiminjler by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever ; any Law, Statute, or Ul'age to the contrary notwithstanding.

PtairtifTfhall LXXI, Provi 7ed always, and be it further enafted, That no Plaintiff rot r. cover fhall recover in any Aftion for any Irregularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Pro-rffufj-ten*er feedings made or committed in execution of this Aft, if-fufticreht Tender Amends!^ of Amends (hall be made by or on the'behaif of the Party or Parties who (hall have committed or caufed to be committed any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs or wrongful Proceedings before fuch Aftion brought; and in cafe no fiich Tender (ball have been made, it (hall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court where fuch Action (hall depend, at any Time before I ffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he or they (hall fee fit, whereupon, fuch Proceedings, or Order and Judgment (hall be had, made, or given by fuch Court as in other Aftions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Dirt rets re*	LXXII. And be it further enafted. That where any Diftrefs (hall be

unlawful made for Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall wamofForm. not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffcr or Trefpaffers on Account of any Defeft or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which (hall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties diftraining ; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage only in an Action on the Cafe.

LXXIII, And

48° GECRGII III. Cap. 86.	1607

LXXIII. And be it farther enabled, That no Sait or Adion fhall be Limitauon of commenced againft any Perfon for any Thing to be done in purfuance of /^ll0ns* this Ad, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof (hall be given to the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, or after fuch fulhcient Satisfadion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of Middlefex and not elfwhere; and the Defendant in every fuch Adion or Suit fhall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if the fame fhall appear to be fo done, or if fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof fhall be given as aforefaid, or after fuf-ficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find a Verdict for the Defendant; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff fhall be become nonfuit, or difcontinue his or her Adion or Suit after the Defendant fhall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff, then the Defendant fhall recover Treble Cofls, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath for Colts of Suit in other Cafes of Law.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded. That this Ad fhall be deemed and Public A3, taken to be a Public Act, and ihall be judicially taken Notice of as iuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moil: Excellent Majefty. 1S0S.







rO

.

. t ' i - ,	.	•

i ; d:

! ■ . v	’...........

i-:• ■ !l:	1	to	>£<	"JR	.'I	•	■	’<

:	.	.	.	2.'	1	j

su

f V "H

•

••< •	 ■:->-*	TJ

‘I -.t:	\	\	:	TOtitsd

.

'	/%W-	•*	-	><i-'

■Jj'-r	’	;	I.	ii	'i	.	.Alin

j	{/j

. ..	.	.t	t.	.	..	.	■	.

■ i .	j'*’V*'	t	*

;i ~.1C	,

-

S'.

.	f ■	*•-:

i ■ U > 5.JU.IU.

...'.' J la





#









ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 87.

An Aft for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and Lanes, and other public Paffages and Places in the Town of Beverley, in the County of York.	[ift	June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other public Paffages, and Places within the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, are not properly lighted, watched, and regulated, and are fubjed to various Nuilances, Annoyances, and Ob-ftrudions: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Convenience,

Benefit, Safety, and Accommodation of the Public, as well as of the Inhabitants ol the faid Town of Beverley, and of all Perfons reforting thereto ami travelling through the lame, if fuch Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other Public Paffages and Places were well and lufficiently lighted, watched, improved, and regulated, and all Nuifances, Annoyances, and Obftrudions removed and prevented, and a Nightly Watch efta-blilhed; but the feveral Purpofes aforefaid cannot be efleded and carried into execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your MUjefty, That it may be enaded j and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, of the Town of Beverley Commlf-aforelaid for the Time being, John Arden, Benjamin .Blades, James fioner*. Brown, Dodor of Phyfic, William Beverley, William Brigham, Samuel Bland, Jofeph Coltman, Clerk, William Garrick, Frederick Campbell,

[hoc. Per,]	18	N	Jofeph

1614-	48*-GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Jofeph Cam, Thomas Dickens, Thomas Duejbery, Henry Eccles, 7^# /%#»-/'»(*, Chrijiopber Geldart, George Garth. John Gardham, George Gibjon, Henry Gill, Marmaduke Hewitt, John JackJon, Clerk,	Lockwood,

Henry Legard, Thomas Lee, Chrijiopber Machell, Robert Norris, William Henry Neale, Clerk, Thomas Pitts, William Richardjon, Ebenezer Robert-fon Robert Raikes, Mow Id Rob in Jon, Robert Rigby, Cleik, Henry John Shepherd, Thomas Sherwood, Lawrence Stepherjon James Torre, thew Turner, William TeJJeyman, Henry Thompjon, and Jo/w Wilkinjon, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for carrying this Act into execution, fuch Commiffioners (and their Succeffors to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned) being refpeftively duly qualified, and taking and fubferibing the Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Purport hereinafter mentioned and required.

Commence- II. And be it further enabled, That this Aft fhall commence and

mentofehis take effieft upon the Third Monday next after the paffing thereof, on which Day there fhall be a general Meeting of the laid Commiffioners at the Guildhall in Beverley aforefaid, or at fuch other Place as the laid Commiffioners fhall appoint, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, when (if any Five of the faid Commiffioners fhall be there af-fembled but not otherwife) this Aft may and is herebvrequired to be proceeded on in the execution thereof ; and a general Meetingof the Commiffioners fhall be held for carrying the fame into execution on the Second Monday in every Month afterwards at the fame Hour and Place, unlefs fome other Day or Days in the Week or Year between Ten o’Clock in the Forenoon, and One o’Ciock in the Afternoon, or fome o her Place within the Town of Beverley aforefaid, fhall be appointed by the Commiffioners afiembled at the faid Firft Meeting, or any fubfequenn Meeting at which there fhall be Five Commiffioners afiembled; and if at the Times when the faid Meetings are hereby required or (hall be fo as aforefaid appointed to be held, there fhall not be at each fuch Meeting Five Commiffioners prefent, then fuch Meeting fhall (land adjourned to the next Day on which the Meeting in purfuance of this Aft would otherwife be, or at a prior Meeting fhall have been appointed to be held as aforefaid ; and no Aft, Order, Rule, Refolu-tion, or Proceeding of the faid Commiffioners fhall be valid or effectual unlefs had, made, or done at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Aft, and unlefs at every fuch Meeting there fhall be at leaft Five Commiffioners prefent, the laid Number of Five Commiffion-■ ers,being hereby declared to be fufficient and fully competent to execute ail the Purpoies of this Aft (except the Revocation, Sufpenfion, or Alteration of any Order, Rule, Refolution, or Proceeding made or done by or at any preceding Meeting as herein mentioned) and that at fuch Firft Meeting for putting this Aft into execution, one of the Commiffioners prefent thereat fhall be appointed Chairman, to whom any other of fuch Commiffioners fhall and is hereby authorized and required to adminifter an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effeft hereinafter mentioned, and fuch Chairman fhall immediately afterwards adminifter the like Oath or Affirmation to the other Commiffioners then prefent j and at every other Meeting a Chairman fhall in like manner be appointed, and the Chairman for the Time being fhall and is hereby'alone authorized and required to adminifter the Oath or Affirmation hereby required to be taken by the faid Commiffioners and

their

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.	*615

their Succefiors; and in all Cafes where there fhall arife a Difference of Opinion, the Queftion fhall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the CommifTioners then prefent, and if upon any Queftion there fhall be an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote) then the Chairman fhall have the calling Vote; and that no Order, Rule, Refolution, cr Proceeding had, made, or done at any Meeting held in purluance of this Aft, at which there fhall have been Five CommifTioners prefent,

Ilia 11 be revoked, fufpended, or altered, unlefs at fome fubfequent fpe-cial Meeting to be held for that Purpole (which any Three or more of the CommifTioners are hereby empowered to call, and of which Seven Days previous Notice at the leaft of the Time, Place, and Purpole fhall be given or affixed on the Door of each of the P&rilh Churches in Beverley aforefaid, and on the Market Crofs in Beverley aforelaid) a greater Number of CommifTioners than were prefen: at the Meeting or Meetings at which fuch Order, Rule, Refolution, or Proceeding pro-•pofed or intended to be revoked, fufpended, or altered (hall have been made fhall be prefent and fhall concur in the Revocation, Sufpenfion, or Alteration thereof; and in fuch Cafe no other Meeting to proceed in the execution of this Aft fhall be held until after the Day exprefled in fuch Notice; and at every Meeting the CommifTioners prefent fhall defray their own Expences.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That if it lhali be Provision for thought necelTary to hold a Meeting before the Time at which a Meeting

is hereby required, or fhall be fo as aforefaid appointed to be held, 0fthe Com-then and in iuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or miffioner*. any Two or more of them, or for their Clerk for the Time being, and they or he are and is hereby required to call a fpecial Meeting, of which Seven Days previous Notice fhall be given in the fame Manner as is hereinbefore mentioned in the Cafe and for the Purpofe of calling a Meeting to revoke, fufpend, or alter a former Order, Rule, or Proceeding ; and in like manner no Meeting to proceed in the execution of this .Aft lhali be held until after the Day exprefted in the Notice for fuch laft mentioned fpecial Meeting.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of Qualification afting as a Ccmmilfioner in any Cafe in the execution of this Aft, who of Commif-is or fhall be a Victualler, or who fhall Tell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or any li°ners* Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or during the Time he fhall hold or enjoy

any Office or Place of Profit under or be concerned in any Contract made by virtue or in purluance of this Aft, or in any Cafe wherein he fhall be in any wife perfonally or beneficially interefted in the Matter in Queftion, or who fhall not in his own Right, or in the Right of his late or prefent Wife, be in the aftual* PofTcftion, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of an Lftate or Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years exceeding Sixty Years, either abfolutely or determinable on any Life or Lives of the clear yearly Value of One Hundred Pounds (above Keprizes and Incumbrances,) or pof-fefled of fuch Eftate or Eftates as laft mentioned, and a perfonal Eftate jointly or a perlonal Eftate alone to the Amount or Value of Thiee thoufand Pounds over and above the Amount of his Debts; nor fhall any Perfon be capable of afting as a Commilfioner in the execution of this Aft (except in adminiftering the Oath or Affirmation to the

Chair-

i6i6

Oath.

Penalty on Perfons not qualified fading as Com-mifiioners.

Commif-fionera who are Juftices of the Peace

Juftices.

Appointment of new Commit* :ftocers.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Chairman of fuch firft Meeting as aforefaid) until he fhall have taken and fubfcribed an Oath or Affirmation in the Words, or to the Effect following (that is to fay);

c T A. B. do fwear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do 4 X foierr.nly declare and affirm] that I am reallv and bond fide in my e own Right [or, in Right of my Wife, late or prefent, as the Cafe may be] 1 now in the adual Poffcffion, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents

*	and Profits of Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of £ an Eftate or Inheritatre or for Life or Lives, or for a Term or Terms c exceeding Sixty Years either abfolute or dererminabie on a Lite or 6 Lives, 1 as the Cafe may be] of the clear yearly Value of One hundred

*	Pounds above Reprizes and Incumbrances, or polfeffed of fuch

*	Eftate or Eftates as ldft mentioned and a perfonal Eftate jointly, or a ( perfonal Eftate alone, to the Amount or Value of Three thoufand

*	Pounds over and above what will pay all my juft Debts, and that I

*	will truly and impartially, according to the belt of my Skill and

*	Judgment, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Au-c thorities repofed in me as a Commiffioner by virtue of an Act paffed ‘ in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George ‘ the Third, intituled, An Aft [here injert the ititle of this Aft].

‘ So help me GOD.*

Which Oath fhall from Time to Time be entered in the Book of Proceedings of the laid Commiffioners, and be iubfcribed by each Perfon taking the fame ; and if any Perlon not qualified in manner hereinbefore mentioned to ad as a Commiffioner fhall prefume to aft as fuch in the execution of the Powers hereby given or any of them, every fuch Perfon fhall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered on the Information or Profecution of any Perlon or Perfons whomloever, with full Cofts of Suit in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJiminfier, by Adion of Debt or on the Caie, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Elfoign, Protection, Previlege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed ; and every Perlon fo fued or profecuted fnall prove chat he was at the Time of adirig qualified as aforeiaid, or otherwile fhall pay the laid Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prolecutor than that luch Perfon had acted as a Commiffioner in the execution of this Act, and the Money lo to be recovered fhall, after payment of the Cofts and Lxpences attending the Recovery thereof, be paid as follows, (that is to fay ) One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Prolecutor, and the other Moiety thereof to che Treafurer to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, to be by him applied to the Pur-pofes of this Ad.

V.	Provided always and be it further enaded, That it Hull be lawful for any of the laid Commiffioners who are or fhall be Juftices of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley afore-laid to ad as Juftices of the Peace in or relating to the Execution of this Act, notwichftanding their being Commiffioners under this Ad,

VI.	And be it further enade That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners, or the major Part of them who fhall be prefent at any Mtec-

ing

' 4S° G.EORGII III. Cap. 87.	1617

ing to be fpecially held for that Purpofe, due Notice being given of fuch Meeting in manner aforefaid, to eledl and appoint fo many fit and able Perfons to be Commifiioners as (hall be by them from Time to Time thought proper or necefifary ; and the Commifiioners fo deified and appointed Iball have and are hereby veiled with the feveral Powers and Authorities by this Adt, given or granted to Commifiioners, and for putting the fame Act in execution.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no Commifiioner Commif-hereby appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid fhall vote for or join in n0- t0 the Removal or Appointment of any Treasurer, Clerk, Collector or v°.teqJ**~ Colledors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or Perfons to be ynief9 haj appointed or employed by virtue of this Adi, who hath not attended as a&ed within a Commifiioner at One Public Meeting of the faid Commifiioners and Twelve figned the Proceedings thereof within Twelve Calendar Months next Momhs-before luch Removal or Appointment.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid Commifiioners fhall Forappoint-and they are hereby authorized and required by Writing under their inS Officers. Hands to elcdl and appoint a Treafurer and Clerk, and alfo an Aficfior or Affefiors, Collector or Colledtors, Receiver or Receivers of the Monies to be railed and paid under or by virtue of this Act, and alfo all luch Surveyors, Lighters of Lamps, Watchmen, and fuch other Officer or Officers, Deputies or Afiiftants for the Execution of the feveral Pur-po'es ot this Act, as they fhall from Time to Time think proper, and from Time to Time to remove, iufpend, or difplace all or any of fuch Officers as they fhall fee Occafion, and appoint others in the room or place of fuch of them as fhall be fo removed, fulpended, or difplaced, or fhall die or refign their Offices) and alfo from Time to Time by and out of the Monies to be raifed or received by virtue of this Act to pay fuch Wages or Salaries and make fuch Allowances to fuch Officers and to all other Perfons by them the faid Commifiioners employed in the Execution of this Act as they fhall think realonable or proper; and the faid Commifiioners fhall and are hereby required to take fuch Security Conursif from every fuch Treafurer, Clerk, Collector, or other Officer fo to be fioner to” appointed as aforefaid for the due Execution of their refpective Offices or take Security Duties as the faid Commifiioners Ihall think proper; and every Perfon fr0Ta, °®cers who is hereby made liable to pay the feveral Rates or Afiefiments hereby E^cutio'Tof directed and required to be levied and raifed, or to pay any Sum of their Offices* Money which under this Act is to be applied for the Purpofes thereof, fhall and they are hereby required to pay the fame to fuch Collector or other Perfons as fhall be fo appointed to collect and receive the fame m purfuance of this Act; and every fuch Officer and Perfon fo to be ap- who pointed as aforefaid fhall upon Demand at fuch Time and Times and in deliver proper luch manner as the faid Commifiioners fhall direct, deliver to fuch Accounts, Commifiioners or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint true &Co and perfect Accounts in Writing figned by him of all Monies, Matters and Things received and committed to his Charge by virtue and for the Purpofes of this Act, and how much of fuch Monies hath been paid and difburied and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for fuch Payments, and alfo the Books, Papers and Writings in his Cufiody or Fower relating to the Proceedings to be held under this Act, and lh. .1 pay all fuch Monies as fhall appear upon Balance of his [Lee. & Per,]	18	0	Accounts

16 i S

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Accounts to be due to the Treafurer to be appointed as aforefaid or to iuch Perfon or Pcrfons at iuch Time and Place as the Paid Commiffioners fliall appoint; and every fuel) Officer and Perfon To accounting as atore-iatd ill all upon Oath or Affirmation, if thereunto required by the laid Commit- Commiffioners, verify Iuch Accounts; and in defauit of any of the feve-b-i”'””*iors ra' Matters aforelaid for the Space of Eight Days after being thereunto agaioft oT"S required as aforelaid, it fliall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners, and fice-s making they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be Default, &e. brought an Action or Actions in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminfier in the Name of their Cleric for the Time being again!! the Officer or Cfficers, Perlon or Pcrfons making Iuch Default as aforelaid for the Recovery of the Monies which (hall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpectively, with full Cods of Suit, or if the Complaint (hall be made by the faid Commiffioners, or by any Perfon or Pcrfons to be by the laid Commiffioners appointed to make Complaint of any fuch Defauit as aforefaid, to any Juft ice of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley aforefaid, fuch Jullice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to caufe the laid Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fo making or having made Default to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing or not appearing, except for i'ome realbnable Ex-cufe to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Officers not way; and if upon the Coni iiion of the Party, or by the Teflimony of paying Ea- One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath or Affirm,.iion, fIrDi(lrefsf" Ihall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies that fliall have been and Sale." collected or raifed by virtue of this Act (hall oe in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Pcrfons, or unaccounted for, then fuch JuAice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perlon or P s refpectively, together with the Colls and Charges of malting the faid Complaint and offuch Didrels and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers Perlon or Pcrfons can be found fufficient to Officers re anfwer and fatisfy the faid Money, or in cafe of Refufal to account as /ufing to de- aforelaid, or that it fbalt appear to fuch Judice, by the Confeflion of liver up Pa* thc Party fo offending or making Default as aforefaid, or bv the Tefti-comimiuAo rnony anf °ne or more crcd‘ble witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath or Prifor.! ' ° Affirmation as aforefaid, that any Books, Papers, cr Writings relating to the Ex-cmion of this Act, or the Proceedings to be had under the fame, (hall be in the Cuftody or Power of any fuch Officer or Perlon or of his Executors or Adminiftrators, and he or they fhall refufe to deliver up the lame as aforefaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforelaid fuch Juftice fliall commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol in the faid Town of Beverley, at the Dilcretion of l'uch Juftice, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he fhall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he fliall have compounded with the faid Commiffioners, and fliall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch manner as they fliall appoint (which Compofuion the laid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to make), or until fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall have delivered up fuch Bocks, Papers, and Writings as aforelaid, or given Satisfaction in refpect thereof Provided always, That no Perlon who fhall be committed for want of fufficient Didrels Ili-d, remain or be kept in Prifon for any longer Space of Time lian Six Calendar Months.

IX, Provided

48-GEORGII III. Cap. 87.	1619

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as

any Collector or Receiver of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this app0jnt a Act, fhall die or become incapable of acting in the execution of this Receiver oc-Act, or fhall neglect to perforin his Duty therein, it fhall be lawful for the laid Ccmmi(Tinners or any hive or more of them although not af- ^ Removal, fembled at a Meeting to be held purluant to this Act, by any Writing under their Hands to appoint another Perfon to be Collector or Receiver thereof until a Collector or Receiver fhall be appointed by the faid Commiffioners at a Meeting to be holden in purluance of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon who fhall be em- Penalty on ployed as Trearurer. Clerk, Afieffor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, °?cersa‘n or any other Officer or Servant who {hall be in anywife employed by pee'of r"-the faid Commiffioners in putting this A& or any of the Powers there- Ward befide* of in execution, fhall exacl, take, or accept, by any Ways or Means, the Salary, any Fee, Profit, or Reward whatloever (other than fuch Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as fhall be appointed, allowed, and approved of

by the faid Commiffioners) for or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any account whatloever relative to putting the fame in execution, or fhall in any way be direcffly or indireftly concerned or interelled in any Sale, Purchafe, Bargain, or Contract made or to be made by or by the Order of the faid Commiffioners for the Purpofe of putting this Aft in execution (unlefs with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Commiffioners), every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall be incapable of ever ferving or being employed for any of the Purpofes of this Act, and fhall likewife forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at	within	Six Calendar Months

after the Offence committed, with full Cofts of Suit, in which Suit or Profecution no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.	t

XI.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiffioners fhall Books to be caufe proper Books to be provided and kept, in which they fhall either kept of Pro* by themfelves or their Clerk for the Time being caufe fair and regular cecdinSs* Entries and Accounts to be made of the feveral Meetings held in purluance of this Act, and the Names of the Commiffioners prefent thereat refpectively, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Perfons to act in

the execution thereof, and of all Acts, Orders, Rules, Refolutions, Proceedings, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act; and alfo an Account of all Monies to be aflefled and raifed, or to be received and payable by virtue hereof, and of the Paymenc and Application of the fame, and of all Contracts to be made by any Perfon or Perfons by virtue or in Purfuance of this Act; all which faid Accounts fhall be examined, adjufted, and fettled by the Commiffioners prefent a: any Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Act, yearly at ltaff or oftener; and the Commiffioners fo examining, adjufting, and fettling fuch Accounts fhall fublcribe their Names at the Foot of fuch Accounts^ and fuch Commiffioners prefent as aforefaid fhall alfo fubferibe their Names at the End of their Proceedings at every fuch Meeting, and all Entries in the Books of fuch Proceedings being figned by the Commiffioners

1620	^GEORGII	III.	Cap. 87.

fioners afiembled thereat and making and ordering the fame by virtue or in Purfuance of this Act {hall be deemed Originals j and the fame, or true and attefted Copies thereof, Ihall be admitted to be Evidence in any Court whatsoever, and fiich Books {hall be kept by the Clerk for the 1 imp being to the laid Commifiioners or by fuch other Perfon or Perfons and at luch Place as the laid Commifiioners Shall direct, and the fame {hall relpectively at all convenient and ieafonable Times, without Fee or Reward, be open and liable to the Inspection of the faid Commifiioners and of all Perlons raced and aflefifed for the Purpofes of this Act, orotherwile affected thereby.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners may fue and be lued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that all Actions or Suits that may be neceffary or expedient to be brought by the faid Commifiioners for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act to the faid Commif-fioners or for or in refpecl of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act n.ay be brought in the Name of the laid Clerk, and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or profecuted by or againft: the laid Commifiioners or any of them by virtue or on account of this Act in the Name of their Clerk {hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death, Sufpenlion, or Removal of fuch Clerk, or by any Act or Default of luch Clerk done or fuffered, without the Confent or Direction of the faid Commifiioners; but the Clerk to the laid Commifiioners for the Time being Ihall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every luch Action or Suit as the Cafe may be, except in fuch Action or Actions as ihall be profecuted between the faid Commifiioners and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the faid Commifiioners Ihall and may be Plaintiff or Defendant as the Cafe may be.

Clerk to be XIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every fuch reimburfed. Clerk in whofe Name any Action or Suit {hall be commenced, profecu-*c*	ted, or defended in purfuance of this Act Ihall always be reimburfed

and paid out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Act all fuch Cods, Charges, and Expences as fuch Clerk ihall be put to or become chargeable with by realon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and fhall not be perfonally aniwerable or liable for the Payment of the fame or any Part thereof unlefs fuch Action or Suit (hall arife in confe-quence cf his own wilful N eg left or Default, or have been brought or commenced or be defended without the Order or Direction of the faid Commifiioners.

Lamps, &c. XIV. And be it further enacted. That all the Lamps, Lamp Irons, veiled in the Lamp Pofts, Watch Boxes, and Watch Houfes to be erefted or Comm if- fixed up by virtue of this Aft, and all Materials and other Things fioners. provided by the faid Commifiioners for the Purpofes of this Aft, ihall belong to and be the Property of and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid Commifiioners, and the faid Commifiioners Ihall and may caufe to be brought any Aftion or Aftions or direft the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indiftment (as the Cafe may require) againft any Perfon or Perfons who Ihall fteal, take, or carry away, detain, fpoil, injure, or deftroy the fcveral Articles and Things hereby veiled in them

the

Provifion for bringing and defending

the name of the Clerk.

1621

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 87.

the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid or any of them or any Part or Parts thereof; and in ali inch Actions and Bills of Indiftment refpectively it fhall be fufficient to iiate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on account of which fuch Action or Actions fhall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred is or are the Property of ‘ The Commiffioners for the Improvement of the Town of Beverley * without particularly mentioning or Ipecifying the Name or Names of all or any of fuch CommilTioners; and the faid Comtniflioners thall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to fell and difpofr of (for the Purpoles of this Act) all or any of the laid Articles and Things or any Part or Parts of the fame refpeftively to fuch Perfon or Perlons and in fuch manner as they the faid Commiffioners fhall think proper ; and if any Perlon or Perfons fhall wilfully or malicioufly break up, injure, deftroy, or otherwife damage any of the Articles or Things hereby veiled in them the faid CommilTioners, or any of the Works done or to be done in purfuance of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall for every luch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid CommilTioners may Power for and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to Commif-appoint fuch Number of able-bodied Men as they fhall judge proper, p^YwaKh-to be employed as Watchmen within the faid Town during the Night- men, time, under fuch Regulations and fubjeft to fuch Orders as the faid Commiffioners fhall make and give from Time to Time in that Behalf, and to provide proper Watch Houfes, Watch Boxes, or Places for the Reception of luch Watchmen, and for the fafe Cuflody of fuch Perfons as may be apprehended by fuch Watchmen while on Duty, and to provide proper Accoutrements for fuch Watchmen, and to pay fuch Watchmen reafonable Wages or Allowances; and alio to appoint One or more fit Perlon or Perfons in the Head of any Watchman or Watchmen who fhall die or who fhall be difeharged from his or their Office for Negleft of Duty or other Mifbehaviour in Office, and alfo to im-pofe from Time to Time any Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings on any Watchman or Watchmen for every fuch Negleft or other Mifbehaviour, and from Time to Time to make fuch Orders and Regulations as they the faid Commiffioners fhall judge expedient for the better Government of the Watchmen to be fo appointed and to repeal luch Orders and Regulations or any of them, and to fubllitute others; and it fhall be law-	,

ful for fuch Watchmen and they are hereby required in their refpeftive DuYv ^ 3 Stations to apprehend and fecure in fame proper Place or Places of Security to be for that Purpofe appointed within the faid Town, all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, dilorderly Perfons, and Dilturbers of the public Peace, and all fulpefted Perfons who fhall be found wandering or mifbehaving themfclves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduft all fuch Perfons as foon as conveniently may be before Tome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley to to be examined and dealt with according to Law ; and the faid Watchmen during the Time they fhall refpeaively aft as Watchmen in the Night fhall aft as Conltables and they and every of them fhall have and be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as Conltables have by Law.

ILoc. ft? Per.]

XVI. And

r622

Penalty on Victuallers harbouring Watchmen

Duty

■ward Watchmen difabled.

No Watchmen to be appointed without Con-fent of Inhabitants.

Commif-■fioners to regulate Sedan Chairs.

48* GE'ORGII III. 'Cap, 87.

XVI.	And be :t further enafted, That if any Vi&ualler or Keeper of any public Houfe fhall knowingly harbour or entertain, or fuffer to remain in his or her public Houfe or Premiffes thereto belonging any fuch Watchman as aforefaid during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every luch Victualler or Keeper llull on Conviction forfeit and pay for the Firft Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence of the fame Kind any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to give luch Rewards in Money to the Watchmen re-fpeCtively to be appointed as aforefaid who may be difabled or wounded in the execution of their Offices as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think realonable, fuch Money to be'paid out of the Moines to be raifed for the Purpofes of this ACt : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorize or empower the faid Commiffioners, in any Year to appoint or pay any Wages or Allowances to any luch Watchmen as aforefaid, under or by virtue of this Afl, or to levy or raife any Rate or Affeffment for the Pur-pofe of paying any fuch Wages or Allowances, without the Confenc thereto of a Majority of the Inhabitants of the laid Town of Beverley, who for the Time being (hall be rated to the Relief of the Poor of the refpeClive Pariffies in the faid Town at the Sum of Fifteen Pounds or upwards for or in refpeCt of fuch Property as (hall be rateable for the Purpofes of this ACt, and who (hall be prefent at a fpecial Meeting of fuch Inhabitants to be held annually for that Pu^pofe at the Guildhall of the faid Town on the Second Monday in the Month of September at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and of which faid yearly Meeting Seven Days previous Notice at the lead fhall from Time ’to Time be given or affixed by the faid Commiffioners or their Clerk on the Door of eacii of the Parifh Churches in Beverley aforefaid, and on the Market Crofs in Beverley aforefaid.

'XVIII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners to make, conftitute, ordain, and provide from Time to Time fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Orders as they fhall think fit, (fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Orders not being repugnant to the Laws of that Bart of the United Kingdom called England) for licenfing and authorizing a iufficient Number of Sedan Chairs within the faid Town of Beverley, and in what manner the Carriers thereof fhall conduct and behave ihemfclves in their Employment, and al/o in what manner fuch Sedan Chairs fhall be furmfhed and provided, and for pu-nifhing the MilconduCt and Mifbehaviour of Chairmen or Carriers of Sedan Chairs within the faid Town, and for afcertaining what Fares and Prices as well for Time as Diftance fh;:ll be allowed to be taken by fuen Chairmen, and to what Diftances fuch Chairmen fhall be obliged to go and come in, over, round, and about every Part of the faid Town and the Precincts thereof, and the Rates and Fares to be taken for the fame, and the laid Commiffioners may from Time to Time as they fhall think fit, repeal, alter or amend fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, and Orders, or any of them, and fhall fet down what pecunia y Penalties or Forfeitures fhall be incurred by Perfons breaking or evading the fame or any of them, provided-

48° GEORGIT III. Cap. 87.	*623

vidcd no fuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall exceed the Sum of Forty Shil-ings for any one Offence.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That if the Carrier or Carri-rs of any Penalty on Sedan Chair fha.ll be found ufing any Sedan Chair in the faid Town geda^ChaiK without fuch Licence as aforefaid, or having fuch Licence (hall be found witfk0Ut Li-ufing any Sedan Chair in the faid Town contrary to the Rules or Re- cence.&c. gulations of the faid Commiffioners for licenfing and regulating Sedan Chairs and the Carriers thereof j or if any Perfon or Perfons Iball refufe or negleft to pay on Demand any licenfed Chairman or Chairmen, the Money juftly due to him or them for the Fare, Hire, or Service done under any Licence or Bye-Law made in purfuance of this Act, all and every of fuch Offences, andalfo all and every ocher Offences, Mifbehavi-ours, Punifhments, Penalties, and Forfeitures whatloever that may arife, happen, or be incurred, committed, or done by any Carrier or Carriers of any Sedan Chair, whether licenfed or no:, againft any of the Provi-fions of this Act, or any of the Bye-Laws to be made in purluance thereof for licenfing or regulating Sedan Chairs an I the Carriers thereof, (hall be heard and determined by any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley aforefaid, who on Complaint made thereof to him or them is and are hereby authorized and required to grant his or their Summons againft the Perfon or Perfons complained of to appear before him or them at fome Time and Place to be mentioned in luch Summons to anfwer.the Matter of the laid Complaint,, and on Proof on Oath of the Service thereof fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall proceed to hear the Matter of the faid Complaint on Oath whether the Perlon fummoned fhall appear or not, and to make fuch Order therein as to fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall appear to be juft touch-ing fuch Complaint, and for paying the Cofts attending the Application, Hearing and Determination of the fame j and in cafe of any Difobedience of fuch Order, or in cafe any fuch Perlon or Perfons fhall be convi&ed before fuch Juftice or Juftices of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures under this Act or any Bye-Law to be made as aforelaid, and (ball not immediately pay fuch Money or Penalty of which he or they fhall be lo convicted, that then and in cafe of Nonpayment thereof it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices to grant his or their Warrant of Diftrefs againft the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and to feize and diftrain the fame, either within or without the Town of Beverley, and the lame to lell and difpofe of for raifing fuch Monies or Penalties and all Cofts attending the fame, anti after Payment thereof to return the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained, and if no fufficient Diftrefs can be found, or in cafe of any Difobedience of fuch Order, then to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo convicted as aforelaid to the Common Gaol for the Town of Beverley aforefaid, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unlcls the Money mentioned in fuch Order, if it be an Order for Payment of Money, fhall be iooner paid.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That every Licence to be granted for Licences to the Purpofes aforefaid under this Act fhall be figned by Three of the be in Force faid Commiftioners at the leaft prefent at fo.me Meeting to be held under for Three xhis Act, and every Licence not fo figned fhali be void, and every fuch ,Years and ot

0	T	<	be figned by

Licence Three Com-

1624

miffioners at leaft.

Bye-Laws to be printed.

Aft not to Life of private

Names of the Streets to be fet up.

Foot Pavements to be fwept.

For regulating Stalls, &c. in the Market.

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Licence fhall continue and be in force for One whole Year from the Day of the Date of luch Licence, and fhall be made out by the Clerk for the Time being to the faid Commifiioners, and be duly entered in the Book of Proceedings of the faid Commifiioners.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, Thar the faid Commifiioners fhall caufe the Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws by this Act authorized to be made to be from Time to Time printed and diftributed, and a Copy thereof, figned by the Clerk to the faid Commifiioners, to be affixed upon the Door of each of the Parifh Churches in Beverley aforefaid, and upon the Market Crofs in Beverley aforefaid ; which Bye-Laws fhall be lubject to Appeal in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any thing herein contained, or any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made by the Lid Commifiioners for any of the Purpoies afore laid, fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to prohibit or hinder any Perfon or Per-lons from having or ufing his, her, or their own Sedan Chair, fo as the fame be not ufed for Hire or plying for Hi:-e.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Commifiioners at any of their Meetings fhall and may and they are hereby required to order and caufe to be placed on fome confpicuous Part of lome Houfeor Building at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of rhe feveral Streets, Lanes, and other public Pafiages within the iaid Town of Beverley the Name by which every Street, Paffage, or Place is ufually or fhall be called or known; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully or malici-oufly deftroy, pulldown, injure, obliterate, or deface any fuch Name or any Part thereof, or caufe or procure the fame to be done, every luch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the refpective Occupiers of Houles or other Buildings in the feveral Streets within the faid Town fhall and they are hereby required to caufe to be well and Efficiently fwept and cleanled the Foot Paths or Foot Pavements adjoining or before their refepective Houfes or other Buildings once at leaf! in every Week between the Hours of Six and Ten o’Clock in the Forenoon, upon pain of forfeiting and paying for every Neglect therein any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the Mayor for the Time being of the laid Town of Beverley to order and direct the fetting, fixing, and placing of Stalls and Standings on the Market and Fair Days in the Streets and Market-pl aces of the laid Town of Beverley for the Sale of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and alfo the (landing of all Waggons, Carts, and Carriages reforting to the faid Markets and Fairs in fuch Place or Places in the faid Town during the Continuance of fuch Markets and Fairs as he fhall think mod proper for the better and more regular conducing fuch Markets and Fairs ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall difobey and aft contrary to fuch Order and Direflion every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending and acting

fhall

1625

48° GEORG1I III. Cap. 87.

{hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor lefs than Five Shillings.

XXVI.	And whereas there is a Piece of Ground belonging to the For prevent. Mayor* Aldermen, and Burgeffes of Beverley aforefaid called the New i»g Injury ta Walk, lying at the North End of a certain Street in Beverley aforefaid ^|£ew called without North Bar, ahd between the fame Bar and the Mefcroft Turnpike Gate, which at the Expence of the Paid Mayor, Aldermen,

and Burgeffes hath been fenced in ami formed into a regular Walk and Plantation, and furnifhed with Seats for the general Accommodation and Advantage of the Publick : And whereas it is expedient that the faid Walk and Plantation with the Trees, Fences, Seats and other Appurtenances thereof fhould be protected from Injury or Damage-, be it therefore enacted. That if any Perfon (hall break, cut, fpoil, injure, deltroy, damage, remove, or take away any of the Trees, Shrubs, Polls, Pales,

Rails, Gates, Stiles, Fences, Seats, or Buildings which no ware or (hall hereafter be planted, fixed, placed in or near the faid Walk or Plantation, for the fencing or ornamenting of the faid Walk or Plantation, or for the Convenience or Accommodation of the Publick, or fhall cut, dig up, injure, or damage the faid Walk or Plantation, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Five Shillings.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Annoyances fhall upon any of the Foot Pavements or Foot Ways in the laid Town prohibited in of Beverley run, draw, drive, or carry any Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Slreetl" Cart, Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatfoever, or roll any Calk, or wilfully ride, drive, or lead, or caufe

to be rode driven or led any Horfe or other Cattle, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall let or place any F urniture, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Cade, Tub, Box, Pail, Bucket or any other Matter or Thing on or fo as in any manner to caufe any Obllruflion or Impediment in any of the Foot Pavements or Footways of the faid Town, or ihall walh any L nen, Vegetables, or other Things at any of the public Pumps of the faid Town, or (hall hew, faw, bore, or cut any Stone,

Wood, or 1 imber, or (hall lay or place and leave any Timber, Bricks,

Stones, Slates, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, Sand, or other building Materials in anv of the Strecs, Ways, Lanes, I’alfages, or public Places of the faid Town of Beverley (except for fo long Time only as (hall be necef-fary for houfing the lame, and except for the Purpole of building, altering, or repairing any Houle or Building, and for loch lad mentioned Purpole rhe lame Ihall be laid in fuch Place or Places only and fenced and inclofed as the laid Commifiioners or their Surveyor Ihall from Time to Time direfi or appoint), or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall make or repair or place or leave any Coach, Chaile, Waggon, Cart,

Sledge, or other Carriage or Part of a Carriage, with or without Horfes or other Cattle in any of the Streets, Ways, Lanes, PafTages, or public Places of the faid Town (except for the immediate Repair of any Carriage from any ludden Accident on the Spot or which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpofe, and except for the necefiary and prompt loading or unloading ot any Carriage, and the taking up and letting down Pafiengrrs and their Baggage) or (hall fhoe, bleea (except in Cafes ot Accidents) or turn loole or premie to wander or run loole in [Ltr. £s? Per.]	18^	any

1626	48s	GEORGII III. -Cap.i7,

any of the Street's, Ways, Lanes, Paffages or public. Places -priy Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Als, Pig, Sheep, Bull, Cow, or other Bead without home Perfon or Perfons to guide or drive the fame, or if fi e Driver of any Waogon, Cart, Sledge, Wheels or other Carriage or art of a Carriage (ball m any Part of the faid Town ride on the Shafts or in or on any Part of fuch Waggon, C«rt, Sledge, or other Carriage or Part of a Carriage without Reins, or on any of the Holies or Cattle drawing the fame, or if anv Perfon or Perfons having the Care thereof or driving the fame (not being a Cart or Caravan driven by a Per Ion with Reins and fitting therein) (hall fuffer any Horfe or Cattle drawing the fam- to go without fome Perfon on Foot leading the Shaft or Thill Horfe bv a Halter or Rein fixed to the Head of luch Hone, or ihall not readily and promptly turn out of the Road on meeting i lories and Carriages lo as to leave proper and fufficient Quarter lor fuch Horfes and Carriages; or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall draw any Timber, Block or Blocks of Wood or Stone or other heavy Materials in, upon, or through any of the aforeiaid Srreers, Wavs, Lanes, Paffages, or public Places, without any Nib or Caniage or with tuch Nib or Carriage to the Detriment thereof; or ir any Perfon or Perions Ihall fhew or expofe any Stallion or Scone Horfe in any of the faid Streets, Ways, Lanes, PaiTages* or public Places (except in fuch Place or Places as the faid Commiffioners fhall in that behalf appoint) or fhall pe mit or fuffer any Bull Dog or Maftiff Dog, or anv ferocious Dog or Bitch to go unmuzzled in any of the faid Streets, Ways, Lanes, PafTages, or public Places, or fhall make any Bonfire, or let off or fire any Crackers, Squibs, Serpents, Rockets or other hireworks ■within the faid Town, or if any Perfon fhall fift, throw, call, or lay any Afhes (except in the Time of Froft only, and to prevenc Accidents J or any Dufl, Muck, »>ung, Soil, Filth, Rubbifh, Rerule of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carrion, or any other offenfive Matter or 1 bing in any of the Streets, Ways, Lanes, Paffages, or public Pieces within the laid Town, except for fo long 1 ime as fhall be neceffary for the loading of Carts and Carriages with and carrying away the fame, or fhall hang up, place, or expole to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes whao foever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butcher's Meat, or other Matter or Thing cn or projecting over the Foot or Carriage Way of fuch Streets, Ways, Lanes, Paffages, and public Places fo as to obltruct or incommode the Paffage of any Perfon or Carriage therein, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall kill or daughter, or Ihall finge, feald, drefs, or cut up any Animal either wholly or in Parc in any of fuch Streets, Ways, Lanes, Paffages, or public Places aforefaid, or caufe or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughterhoufe, Buccher’s Shop or Shambles into the fame or any of them, or fhall keep or feed any Pigs with Offal and Entrails of Beafts, Blubber, Carrion, Horfe Flefh, Blood, or other fuch Food, fo as thereby to caufe offenfive and unwholelome Smells, in any of the faid Streets, Ways, Lanes, Paffages, or public Places, or fhall empty any Neceffary-houfe or Boghoulc ac any other Time than between the Hours of Ten o’Clock at Night and Six o’Clock in the Morning, or fhall wilfully fpill any of the Soil of any Neceffary or Boghoufe, or wilfully make or drop any Ordure, Dirt, or Filth in any of the faid Streets, Ways, Lines, Paffages, or public Places, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall commit any other Kind of Obftru&ion, Nuifance, or Annoyance in any Parc of any fuch Streets,

Ways,

4S“GEOP.GII III. Cap. 8?.	1627

Ways, Lanes, Paffiges, or public Places as aforcfaid, the fame lhall he confidered as an Offence or Offences again!! this Act, and every perfon fo offending in any ot the Cafes or Matters aforelaid (hall lor every fucla Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVIII.	And be it fur'her enafled, That in cafe any Slaughter- Nuifancesto houl'e, Hogftye, Neceffary-houfe, or other noifome oroffenfjve Building be re™o,E<1-or Place in or near any of the Streets, Ways, Lanes, Paffages, or public Places within the laid Town of B(verlcy (hall by the laid Com-miffioners be deemed a Nuilance to any of the Inhabitants refiding therein, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners upon Complaint thereof to them made by any fuch Inhabitant by Notice in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Clerk for the Time being to order any fuch Nuifance or Offence to be removed, and if the fame (hall not be removed within Fourteen Days after fuch Notice given to the Perl'on or Perfons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his or their lad ufual Place of Abode, fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding F'ive Shillings daily for every Day that the fame (hall continue unrenaoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in fuch Notice.

XXIX.	And be it further enafled, That it lhall be lawful for the prov,fion for faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered Lighting the from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter to purchale Street!, ie. and provide fuch and fo many Glafs Lamps of fuch Sorts and

Sizes, and alfo fuch and fo many Lamp Irons and Tamp Pods, as they lhall judge neceffary, and to direft the fame to be affixed or fet up upon or againd the Walls, or Pallifadoes oi ail or any of the teveral Houfes or Buildings, or upon or againd any other Wails, or in or upon fuch other Places within the faid Town a i to be altered, taken down, or renewed in fuch manner as they lhali think fit, and to caufe fuch Lamps or any of them to be lighted at fuch Times and Seafons of the Year and on fuch Evenings and on fuch Hours of the Evening and to be kept burning for fo many Hours as to them (hall feern neceffary or proper for the well and fofficieotly lighting of all or any of the faid Streets,

Lanes, public Paffages and Places within the faid Town.

XXX.	And be it further enafled, That if any Perion or Perfons PenJj( for fhall wilfully rake away, break, throw down, difplace, or damage any

Lamp or Lamps already fet up or that lhall be fet up by virtue of Damage to chis Aft by Order of the faid Commiffioners, or by any Perfon or Per- Lamyi, ice, fons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpofe of lighting any of the faid Streets, Lanes, Paffages, or Places, or fhall wilfully extin-gui(h the Light or Lights within the fame, or (hall throw down or damage the Pods, Irons, Cover, or other Furniture of any fuch Lamp, or fhall wilfully cut, -deface, break, or injure any iiccnfed Sedan Chair, or any Watch Houle or Watch Box within the faid Town, it lhali and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who {lull fee any fuch Offence committed, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to feize or affift in Seizing the Offender or Offenders, and b* the Authority of this AS and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them iclo the Cuftody of a Watchman or of a

Peace

j6i8

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Peace Officer in order to be feeured and conveyed before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley: and fuch Juftice (hall proceed to examine upon Oath any VVitnefs or Wirneffcs who (hail appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching fuch Offence, and if the Party or Parties accufed (hall be eonvibted either by his, her, or their Confeffion or upon fuch Information or Evidence as aforelaid, then and in every luch Cale he, (he, and they (hall for every fuch Offence forftit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and (hall moreover pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be deemed by fuch Juftice to be a full Satisfadhion for the Damage fo by him, her, or them done as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not on Convibtion pay luch Forfeiture, and alfo fuch .Satisfaction as aforefaid, fuch Juftice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol for the faid Town of BeverUy, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time non exceeding Three Calendar Months, and fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not be difeharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, die, or they (hall be fo committed, unlefs fuch Forfeiture and Satisfaction (hall be (boner paid and given.

SacisfafLon XXXI. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or Per-Damage'o'1 *"ons (Ball carelefsly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or Lamps, &c. damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or fee up by Order of the faid Commiffioners, or by any Perfon or Perfons at his her, or their private Expence, or the Pofts, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and (hall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfabtion for the Damage done thereto, then and in every fuch Cafe it (ball and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the Peace tor the faid Town and Liber ies of Beverley, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to fummon before him the Party or Parties who (hall be complained of for doing fuch Damage as aforelaid, and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties fo complained of, to award luch Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfabtion to the faid Commiffioners, or to the other Owner or Owners of luch Lamp or Lamps (as the Cafe (hall be) for fuch Damages as fuch Juftice lhall think reafonable, and in cafe of Neglebt or Refufal to pay down immediately any Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded, it (ball and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice and he is hereby required to caul'e the fame to be raifed and levied in fuch and the like manner as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is by this Abl directed to be raifed and levied.

XXXII. And for raifing Money for anfwering and defraying the Ex-pencs attending the carrying into execution the feveral Purpofes of this Aft, Be it further enabled. That the faid Commiffioners lhall and they are hereby authorized and required once or oftener inevery Year as they (hall fee occafion, to caufe fuch Sum of Money to be railed by a Rate or Af-feffmenc upon the feveral Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes, Warehoules, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houles, Brewhoules, Granaries! Malthoufes, and Buildings, which are already built or made or which (ball hereafter be built or made within the faid Town of Beverley, and upon the feveral Gardens, Yards, orLands thereto refpebtively belonging and adjoining, and upon all Gardens, Orchards, Paddocks, Plantations* _____________________________ 10	Clofes,

i6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Clofes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to or upon any of the Streets, Lanes, or other public Paffages or Places which are already made or built or which fhall hereafter be made or built within the faid Town of Beverley, and which faid Streets, Lanes, or other public Paf-fages or Places fhall be lighted under the Authority of this Ad, according to the annual Rent or Value of the fame reipedively, not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound upon fuch Annual Rent or Value, as the faid Commiflioners lha’1 think proper and neceflary for paying and defraying the feveral Charges and Expences attending the Lighting and Watching of fuch Streets, Lanes, and other public Paflfages and Places as aforefaid, and of purchafing and providing a fufficient Number of Lamps, Lamp Pofts, and Lamp Irons, Watch Houles, Watch Boxes, and Accoutrements for Watchmen, and of keeping the lame in Repair from Time to Time and all other Charges and Expences incidental thereto under the Orders and Regulations by this Ad provided and directed to be ooferved and made, and all other Charges and Expences incidental to and attending the Execution of this Ad, fuch Annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time fettled, afcertained, and fixed in fuch manner as the faid Commiflioners lhall direct or appoint; and for the Purpofes aforefaid or any of them it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners yearly and every Year as often as they (hall fee occafion by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint any One or more of the Inhabitants of the laid Town of Beverley (not being of the People called Quakers) to be the Affefibr or Afleflbrs of fuch Rates or Affeflrnents as aforefaid, and as foon after as may be to ifiue their Order thereupon to fuch Affefibr or Afleflbrs, who fhall accordingly be and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to make fuch Rate or Rates, Afleflment or Affcffments ; and the Money fo to be rated and aflefied lhall from Time to Time be paid by fuch feveral Tenants or Occupiers as aforefaid, and they are hereby required to pay the fame by Half-yearly or Quarterly Payments to the Collector or Colledtors to be appointed by the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid as the faid Commiflioners fhall direct; but no Race or AlfclTmetit to be made in purfuance of this Acclhall be valid untiltheiame lhall be allowed and figned byFiveof the faid Commiflioners at the lead at any Meeting to be held for the Purpofes of this A6t; and the faid AiTeflor or Afleflbrs lhall appear at fuch Time and Place as the laid Commiflioners fhall by Writing figned by them order and appoint, and then and there produce and deliver to them Two Copies or Duplicates of the Affcffmenc made and fubferibed by fuch Affefibr or Afleflbrs, and lhall from Time to Time upon reafonable Notice to him or them given Dy the laid Commiflioners attend the laid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings, then and there to explain any fuch Rates or Affeflrnents; and that the faid Commiflioners lhall from Time to Time as foon as may be after fuch Rate or Afleflment lhall be made, allowed, and figned, fettled, afcertained, and fixed as aforefaid, caufe a Duplicate thereof figned by them to be delivered to the faid Collector or Collectors, and fhall alfo iffue their Orders to the faid Collector or Collectors requiring him or them to collecc and receive the rel'peccive Sums of Money made payable by fuch Rate or Afleflment, and luch Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the fame accordingly ; and alfo once at leait in every Month or oftener if directed fo to do by the faid Commiflioners by Writing fi<rn~ ILoc. & Per.]	18	R	°ed

1630	48°GEORGII III. Cap.^-j.

ed by their Clerk for the Time being to pay the Money fo to be collected and received by virtue of this Act to the Treafurer for the Time being to the faid Commiffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fhall appoint to receive the fame to be applied to and for the Ufes and Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned; and all and every fuch Collector or Collectors fhall and is and are hereby required at the Time of making every fuch Payment of the Money fo refpectively collected as aforefaid to deliver to the Perfon or Perfons empowered to receive the fame a true and exact Account of all Sums of Money received by him or them refpectively, and alfoof fuch Sums of Money, Rates, or Afleffments (if any) which (hall remain uncollected, together with the Reafons why the fame have or had not been collected, to the end thae it may appear whether fuch Non payment or Non-collection happened through the Infolvency of the Perfon rated or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors; and if any Perfon who ffiall be appointed to the Office of AfTefTor or Collector in virtue hereof fhall afterwards refufe or neglect to take upon himfelf and execute his faid Office without (hewing fome reafonable Caufe to the Satisfaction of the faid Commif-fioners for fuch Refufal or Neglect, or fhall wilfully make Default in the Performance of the Duty of his faid Office, or fhall wilfully overrate any Perfon or Perfons, or collect mere than the Sum which fhall have been fo rated or aflefled as aforefaid, or otherwife mifbehave himfelf therein, he fhall for every fuch Refufal, Neglect, Default, or Misbehaviour forfeit and pay any Sj.m not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as any other Penalty is herein directed to be recovered, and alfo be difeharged from his faid Office if the faid Commiffioners fhall think fit.

The fame XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the fame Perfon may perfon may be fo nominated or appointed both AfTefTor and Collector and^Heflor *n anc* ^or one anc* ^ame Year if the faid Commiffioners fhall think at the fame	proper, and that no Perfon lo nominated or appointed an AiTcfTor or

Time, but	Collector or both AfTefTor and Collector and who fhall have ferved

not to be ap. ejther of fuch Offices or fhall have paid fuch Penalty as aforelaid for not th'an once*foC	ferv*ng the fame	fhall be	again compellable to fc-rve the faid Offices	or

Five Years,	either of them in	lefs than Five Years after the End of fuch Service	or

Payment of luch Penalty.

Com mi f-	XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners

fioners may fhall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to exa-examine and mine and inlpedt any of the Books or AfTdfinents of Rates of the feveral p'SrI and rcfPeai ve Parilhes within the Town of Htverley aforefaid; and if Bjobo/"	'hey (hall think fit any of the Books or Afleffments of the Land Tax,

Land Tm	and to take Copies of fuch Books or Afl'dlinents or of any Part thereof

Books and	without Fee or Reward ;	and if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody

thereof0*""	or i'>ower any °f	the laid	Bo°ks °r Affefiments (hall be fhall refufe	or

r ' negletl to permit the laid Commiffioners to examine and inlpeft fuch Books or Afleffments, or to permit them to take Copies thereof, then and in every fuch Cafe luch Perfon who fhall lo refufe or negledt (hail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And

4&°GE0RGII III. Cap. 87.

XXXV.	And be it further ena£led, That if fuc-h AflVfibr or Aflefiors fhall at any Time or Times hereafter in any Rate or Afiefi'ment by him or them to be made by virtue or in purfuance of this Act negled or omit to rate or afiefs any Perfon or Perfons liable to pay or be charged with fuch Rate or AfTdfiment, or fhall in any fuch Afleflment under-rate any fuch Perfon or Perfons liable to pay fuch Rate or AfTcflmer.r, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the laid Commifiioners to race and a fie Is in the faid Rate or Afiefiment fuch Perfon or Perlons fo omitted to be rated or afiefied, and to raife fuch Perfon or Perfons fo underrated, or amend fuch Rate or Afiefiment as aforefaid in fuch manner as to the faid Commifiioners fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and that the faid Commiffioners fhall and may and they are hereby empowered to ftiike out the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons whom they fhall determine not to be liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made} and that all fuch Additions to or Alterations in the oi4 or former Rate or Afiefiment hull be valid and effectual to all intent? and Purpoics whatfoever.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That if the Tenant or Occupier of any Mefiuage, Houfe, Warehoufe, Shop, Cellar, Building, Garden, Orchard, Paddock, Plantation, Ciole, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, in refpect of which any Rate,or Afiefiment fhall be charged or impoled by virtue of this Act fhall at any Time neglect or refufe to pay the Rates or Sums of Money which fhall be fo rated or affefled as aforefaid for the fpace of Fourteen Days after the fame fhall be due and Demand made thereof by the Collector or Collectors of the faid Rates at the Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode of fuch Tenant or Occupier, then upon Proof thereof upon Oath (or Affirmation) before any Jufticeof the Peace for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every fuch Tenant or Occupier by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice of the Peace, and which Warrant fuch Juflice is berer by authorized and required to grant, and the Overplus (if any,) after deducting the Sum or Sums due in refpect of fuch Rates or Afiefi-ments, and all Charges and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be paid upon Demand to the Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall remove from or quit any Meffuage, Warehqufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement or Hereditaments which (hall be rated or afiefied by virtue of this Act, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be liable to pay fuch Rates or AfTcfiments in proportion to the Time that he, Ihe, or they occupied the fame in like manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had nor removed or quitted the fame; and in all Cafes where any Perlon or Perfons fhall come into or occupy any fuch Meffuage, Warehoufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenemenr, or Hereditament as aforefaid out of or from which any other Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been rated or afiefied for the fame fhall be removed, or which at the Time of making any fuch Rate or Afiefiment was or were empty or unoccupied, the fame fhall for and in refpect of his, her, or their Occupation thereof be liable to any luch Rate or Aflefiment in proportion to the Time that he, fhe, or

*3	they

1631

If Afleffors affefs the Rates im properly Com-

or alter the old Rates.

pay the Rates.

How Rates to be paid by Tenants quitting or entering.

1632

Perfons removing.

If more than One Tenant or Occupier any One may be liable to pay the Rates.

Certain public Buildings to be rated by Meafure.

4S0 GEORGI1 III. Cap. 87.

they (hall occupy the fame, in the fame manner as if he, (he, or they had been originally rated or aftefled for fuch Mcfluage, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, which faid refpec-tive Proportions in cafe of Difpute (hall be fettled and afcertained by the faid Commiffioners in fuch manner as they (hall judge reafonable; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who having been fo rated and afictfed as afore-faid (hall quit his, her, or their McfTuage, Warehoufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, before he, (he, or they (hall have paid fuch Rate or Rates or proportionable Part or Parts thereof by him, her, or them due and payable, and fhall afterwards refufe or neglect to pay the fame when demanded, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Collector or Collectors by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for any City, County, Divifion, Liberty, Town, or Place where fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall remove to or refide, or where any Goods or Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be found, which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby required to grant upon Proof made of the Sum fo due before him upon Oath of any One credible Witnefs (or Affirmation, being a Quaker) to levy fuch Rate or Rates or proportionable Part or Parts thereof by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and after Payment of the Money due in refpect of any fuch unpaid Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts, and all Lxpences attending the Recovery thereof, the Overplus fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That where any Mefluage, Warehoufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament which (hall be rated or afieffed by virtue of this Act (hall be let or de-mifed to more than One Tenant or Occupier, any One or more of fuch Tenants or Occupiers (hall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Purpofes of this Act, and the faid Rates or AfTcfiments (hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale in manner laft hereinbefore mentioned of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in fuch Meffuage, Warehoufe, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, provided the Amount of fuch Rates or Afiefiments fo to be levied as aforefaid do not exceed the refpective Rents actually due from luch Tenants or Occupiers.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby required Once in every Year to rate and aflels the feveral Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned upon the feveral and refpective Buddings, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereinafter directed to be rated and afteffed by the Yard running Meafure, and the firft Year for which fuch Rate or AfTcftment fhall be made (hall commence at and be computed from the Firft Meeting of the Com-miffioners under this Act, and the Monies fo to be rated and affefled lhall from Time to Time be paid by equal Half-yearly or Quarterly Payments to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforefaid and be paid over by fuch Collector or Collectors into the Hands of the Trealurer to the faid Commiffioners (that is to fay); fuch Sum as the faid Commiffioners (hall rate and aflefs not exceeding the Sum of One Shifting upon the Parifh Churches and the feveral Chapels, Meeting-houfes, Church Yard, Meetinghoufe Yards, Almshoules, Hofpitals,

Theatrts,

48” GEORGII III. Cap. 87.	1633

Theatres, Workhoufe, and other public Buildings whatfoevcr within the faid Town for every Yard running Meafure of the Length of the feveral and refpective Buildings or Places aforefaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Affeffments to be	whom the

rated and affeffed upon the Parifh Churches or Church Yards (hall be	°&c

paid by the Churchwardens or Truftees thereof refpectivelv out of the mail be pay-Revenues thereof refpectively; and the laid Rates or Affeffments fo to able, be rated and affeffed upon any Hofpitals or Almfhoufes (hall be paid by the refpe&ive Matters, Wardens, Truftees, Governors, or Keepers thereof; and the Rates or Affeffments fo to be rated and affcffrd upon any Meetinghoufe Chapel, Church Yard, and Meetinghoufe Yard (hall be paid by the refpective Minifters and Deacons, or other Perfuns ufu-ally officiating therein, or by the Truftee or Truftees or other Perfons in whom the tame fhall be vefted; and the Rates or AfTeffments to be rated and affeffed upon the faid Theatres fhall be paid by the Proprietors thereof; and the Rates or Affeffments fo to be rated upon public Workhouies and other public Buildings not within any of the Delcrip-tions aforefaid fhall be paid by the refpective Keepers or Managers thereof; and fuch Rates or Affeffments fhall be paid by the refpective Officers and Perfons rated, affeffed, or charged therewith to the refpectiye Collectors appointed by the faid Commiffioners in fuch Quarterly or other Proportions as the laid Commiffioners fhall direct; and in dafe of Default in Payment, fuch Rates or Affeffments fhall and may from Time to Time be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any One or more of the Officers or Perfons fo refpectively rated, affeffed, or charged therewith, in the fame manner as if fuch Officers or Perfons refpedtively were the actual Owners or Occupiers of fuch Property, and were or had been rated, affeffed, or charged as fuch; and all luch Officers and Perfons refpectively may charge the Sum or Sums fo rated, affeffed, or charged on them refpectively after Payment thereof to or in their refpective Accounts.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon Exemption fhal! be rated or pay the Rates or. Affeffments which (hall be made from Rate*, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act who is or fhall be excufed by Realon of his or her Poverty only from paying any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of any of the Pariffies within the Town of Bevtrlty aforefaid.

XLI I- Providedaifo, and be it further ena&ed. That no Meffuage,

Warehoufe, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditaments hereby made liable to be rated or affeffed fhall be charged or chargeable with any Rate or Affeffmem as aforefaid during the Time the fame fhall be empty or unoccupied and excufed from Payment of the Affeffed Taxes upon Houfes and Windows on that Account.

XLI II. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfon-s fhall p think hiraieif, herfelf^ Or th^mfelves aggrieved by any Rat? or Affeffmenc, grieved by Rates or Affeffments which fhall be made in purfuance of this Act, fuch Rates may Perfon cr Perions fhall and may firft apply for Relief to the faid Commif- aPPlyt0 the Boners at I he Firft or Second Meeting to be holden next after Demand fhall be made of loch Rate or Affeffment, and the faid Commifftoaersare IOne“'

^Loc, & Ptr.]	18	S	hereby

Houfes, &c. unoccupied not to be rated.

*634	48’	GEORGII III. Cup. 87.

by authorized and empowered, if they fhall think the Perfon of Perfons aggrieved, to give fuch Relief in he Premifes as to them (hall ften* reafonable, and if any Perfon or Perfons fo applying to fuch Commif-fioners fhall not be fatisfied with their Order or Determination, or fuch Application (hall not be attended to by the faid Commiffioners at fuch Firft or Second Meeting as aforefaid, then fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall neverthelefs be obliged to pav fuch Rate, and then and not before may Appeal in the manner hereinafter mentioned to the General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley for Relief in the Premifes.

Penalty on XLIV. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall Perfons in-	at any Time or Times obftruct, hinder, or moleft any of the Commif-

affaultin"** °r fi°ners> or any Treafurer, Secretary, Clerk, Afftffor, Collector, Re-Workmen. reiver, Surveyor, Watchman, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Perfon or Perfons whomloever who is, are, or fhall be employed by virtue of this Aft, or any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order made in purfuance thereof in the Performance of his or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done in virtue or under the Authority of the lame refpec-tively, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit’ and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

The Mode of XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and forfeitures Recovery, impofed or incurred under or by virtue of this Act, or any Bye-Law, and Applica Rule, or Order to be made in purfuance thereof, and all Colts, Charges, ties'and For-" anc* ^*xPcnces allowed, ordered, or directed to be paid by the Authorities. rity of this Act, or any fuch Bye-Law, Rule, or Order, the Manner of recovering whereof is not herein otherwife directed, fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Juftice or Jultices of the Peace for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley (which Warrant fuch Juftice and Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant and iffue) upon Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending or upon the Evidence of any credible Witncfs upon Oath (or Affirmation) and the Overplus of the Money, if any, arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cofls and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and of recovering fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all fuch Penalties, and Forfeitures when recovered lhall, if not herein directed to be others wife applied, be paid to the Treafurer of the faid Commiffioners, and be applied by him for fuch of the Purpofes of this Act as the faid Commiffioners fhall think fit; and in cafe Efficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found ,or fuch Penalties or Forfeitures fhall not forthwith be paid, it: fhall be lawful for the faid Juftice or Juftices and he and they is and arc hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol in the Town ot Beverley aforefaid, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlel's fuch Penalties and Forfeitures and all reafonable Expences attending the fame fhall be fooner paid or fatisfied.

Direffiog the XLVI. And be it further enacted. That all Notices and Summonfes toVwgNo- ?hich ** directed and required to be given by tbij Act, or which are

lice s.	'

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 87.	1635

or may be directed or required to be given by any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made in purluance of this Act, or which /hall or may be necefiary for carrying into execution any of the Powers of this Acr, or any or either of fuch Bye-Laws, Rules, or Orders, of which the Manner of ferving the fame is not particularly directed by this Act, (hall or may be ferved perlonally on the Perfon or Perfons to whom tuch Notices refpefhvely are to be given, or lefc at his, her, or their laft or uiual Place of Abode.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon Proceedings or Perfons (hall be fubjeft or liable to the Payment of any of the Penal- to be with.a ties or forfeitures inflidled by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or six Months, Offences againft this Aft, or againft any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made in purfuancc thereof, unlefs tome Proceedings or Notice of iome intended Proceedings fhall be had or given according to the Direction of this Act, or of fuch Rule, Order, or Bye-Law refpecting fuch Offence or Offences within Six Calendar Months next after fuch Offence committed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Action or Actions 1° CaftsoF lhall be brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing relating to this Act or the Powers herein contained, or any Bye-Law, Rule, or fons convift-Order to be made in purfuance thereof, and a Verdict (hall be had and ed to pay given againft the Defendant or Defendants therein, fuch Defendant or double Colls. Defendants (hall pay double Cofts, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Action or Actions (hall have fuch Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Cofts in any other Cafe by Law.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Profecu- Declaring tion. Information, Proceeding, or Suit whatfoever relating to or con- Inhab tams Cerning the Execution of this Act, or of any Bye-Law ,Rule, or Order t0 be cbmPe“ made in Purfuance thereof, no Perfon (hall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reafon of his or her being rated or affeffed to or Aaion;, See. paying any of the Rates or Afieffments to be impofed by virtue of this Act, nor (hall any Clerk to the faid Commiflioners be deemed to be incompetent to give Evidence in any Action or Actions in which he is not perfonally interefted, and in which he is made Plaintiff or Defendant merely in confequenre of his Situation as fuch Clerk as aforeiaid.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons /hall For compel-be fummonedas a Witncfs or Witnefies to give Evidence before any lingthe Au Juftice or Jufticcs of the Peace touching any Matters of Fact contain- tendance of ed in any Information or Complaint for any Offence againft this Act, Wltneffe9* or againft any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order made in purluance thereof, whether on the Part of the Profecutors or of the Perfcn or Perfons complained of, and which Summons fuch Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid are hereby authorized to iffue, where and in fuch Cafe only as fuch Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid is and are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame -t and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo fum-moned as aforefaid /hall refufe or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to he for that purpofe appointed, without a reafoaable fixeufe 'a	for

1636	4-8“ GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

for fuch his, her, or their Refufal or Neglect, to be approved of o? fuch Juftice or Juftices, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined on Oath (or folemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before Inch Juftice or Juftices, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perform fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI. And tor the more eafy convicting of Offenders againft this Act> Be it enacted. That the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of any Offence againg this Act, or againft any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made in virtue or purfuance thereof, and over which fuch Juftice or Juftices has or h ive hereby Cognizance, fhall and may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following, (that is to fay)

Town and Liberties of J * T)E it remembered. That on this Beverley in the County I f JO	Day	of	in	the

of York.	I	c	Year	of	our	Lord

4 A B. is duly convicted before

*	of	His	Majefty’s	Juftices	of rhe Peace for the

*	of	having [here fiate tbe Offence] contrary t*>

4 the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided [or contrary 4 to a certain Bye-Law, Rulej or Order made on the

*	Day of	purfuant	to	the	faid	Statute, as the Cafe

4 may be~\ and I [or, We, as the Cafe may be~\ do declare and adjudge 4 that the faid A hath forfeited for his, [or, her, as the Cafe may be\

4 faid Offence the Sum of	Given	under my

*	Hand' [or, our Hands, as the Cafe may be] the Day and Year firfb 4 above written.’

Puerto ad- LIT And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes where the faid miniiter	Commiflioners or any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace is or are by this

Oath*,	Aft, or fhall or may be by any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made

in purfuance thereof authorized or required to examine any Perfon or Perfons on Oath or Affirmation, it fhall be lawful for fuch Commif-fioners and fuch Juftice or Juftices refpeftively and they and he are and is hereby refpectively authorized and required to adminifter fuch Oath or Affirmation, and ihr.t if any Perfon or Perfons fhall upon his, her,, or their Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the faid Com-miffioners or Juftice or Juftices refpectively wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending and being thereof duly convicted fhall be and is and are hereby declared to he fubject and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now *7j\ in being Perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjcct -i and liable to.

power for LIU. And be it further enafted, That it. fhall be lawful for the j unices to Juftice or Jultices of the Peace or the Commiffioners acting under this* anake Allow- Act before whom any Offender fhall be convicted of any Offence ances to In- againft this Act or againft any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order made in pur-formcn. fuance hereof if he or they fhall think fit, to allow and pay any Part of |he Fine, Penalty, ot Forfeiture which fhall be impofed upon and receive of any, fuefi, Offender convicted before hinp or them of aity/ucht

Offence

Form of Convidion of Offenders.

48bGEORGII III. Cap. 87.	163?

Offence as aforefaid, (unlefs herein otherwife directed) not exceeding One Half Part thereof to the Informer or Informers againft fuch Offender in fuch Shares and Proportions as to fuch Juftice or Juftices lhall feem meet.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Appeal, fon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Kate or AfiVfiment which fhall be made or be demanded in purfu-ance of this Acr, after an Appeal made to the laid Commifiioners in manner by this Act directed againft fuch Rate or AffeflVnent, or if any Perion or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment, or Determination of the faid Commifiioners, or by any Penalty impofed, or by any Convidtion made, or by any other thing done in purfuance of this Ad, or of any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made in purfuance thereof, (fave and except in fuch Cafes where any Order, Judgment, or Determination is herein directed to be final or conciufive, and lave and except in fuch Cafes for which any other Method of Relief is herein appointed) fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley within Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, or at any Adjournment of fuch Seflion the Perl'on or Perfons appealing firft giving or caufing to be given to the Clerk to the faid Commifiioners Eight Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal and of the Caufe or Matter thereof, and forthwith after luch Notice entering into a Recognizance before feme Juftice of the Peace for the laid Town and Liberties, with fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal and to abide the Order of and to pay fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Sefiions or Adjournment thereof; and the Juftices at fuch Seffions or Adjournment thereof upon due Proof of fuch Nbtice having been given, and of fuch Recognizance having been entered into as aforefaid fhall hear and finally determine every luch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Damages and Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft as the faid Juftices (hall think proper, and lhall and may at their Difcretion difeharge or mitigate all or any of the P»««»Uies or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appe*^«ig» and alfo fhall and may by their Warrant levy the Coft« Damages which fhall be lb awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs and Sale; and the Determination of the faid Juftices in their faid General Quarter Sefiions or Adjournment thereof fhall be final, binding, and conciufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

LV, And be it further enabled. That on any Appeal from any juftices may Rate or Rates, AffefTment or Aflefiments to be made by the faid Com- relieve on 7 miffioners for the Purpofes of this Act, the Juftices at fuch General or appeal from Quarter Seffions fhall and may amend the fame if they think proper, in Ratcs* fuch manner as may be necefi’ary for giving Relief to the Perfon or Per-l'ons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate aggrieved, without quafning or altering fuch Rate or Rates, AffeffVnent or Afiefiments,

[Lee, Per.~\	18 U	with

j6^§-

Proceedings riot to he quafhed or

Perfons appealing to

of his Conviction delivered to him.

Diftrefies not unlawful for want of form.

Limitations •f Actions.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

wiih. refpect to any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic* Corporate or Collegiate mentioned in the fame-, but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Races, AfTefTment or AiTeirments, it ihall be found neceffary to fet afide the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Juftices (hail and may order a new Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfTefT-ments to be made in Manner herein directed.'

LVi. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdiff, Rate, AflTefimem, Judgment, Convi&ion, or other Proceeding touching or concerning any of the Matteis aforefaid, or touching or concerning any Offence againft this Ad* or any Bye-Lav/ or Order to be made in purfuance tncreof lhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-cefs whatfeever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmin-fier, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

LYlI. And be it further enacted. That when any Perfon {hall appeal from and againft any Determination or Conviction as aforefaid, the Juftice or Juftices making fuch Determination or Conviction {hall upon the Requeft of the Perfon appealing deliver or caufe to be delivered to fuch Perfon, his or her Attorney or Agent, a Copy of fuch Determination or Conviction at leaft Twelve Days before fuch Appeal is to be tried, for which Copy the Perfon applying for the fame fhall pay to the faid juftice or Juftices his or their Clerk or Clerks, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; but if it fhall happen that the faid Juftice or Juftices cannot conveniently caufe the faid Determination or ConviCiion to be drawn up fo as to be delivered Twelve Days before fuch Appeal is to be tried, then the laid Determination or Conviction fhall be returned to and filed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid Town and Liberties of Beverley, and in that Cafe the Flearing of the faid Appeal fhall ftand over and be adjourned to the then next Quarter Seffions, when and where the fame lhall be finally determined in manner aforefaid.

L.VIIT, And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum nf Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, or of any Bye-Lav;, Rule, or UrUcv to be made in purluance thereof, the Dif-trels itfelf ihall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a TrefpafTer or I rcfP.>ffi-rs on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information , Summons, Conviation, Warrant of Diftrefs or other Proceeding relating thereto ; nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a TrefpafTer or Trefpaflers, ab ini-tio, on account of any Irregularity which lhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity fhall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LIX. And be it further enacted. That no Action, Suit or Information fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing' done or to be done under or by virtue of this Act, or of any Bye-Law, Rule, or Order to be made in purfuance thereof until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof fhall be firft given in Writing to the Clerk to the

M d

4B0 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 87.	1639

faid ComniifTioners for the Time being, figned by the intended Plain-* tiff or Plaintiffs of the Caufe and Intention of and lor commencing fuch Action or Suit, nor at any Time whatsoever after fufficient Satisfadion or Tender thereof fhall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact cofnmitted for which fuch Action or Adions, Suit or Suits fhall be brought; and in cafe there fhall be a Continuation of Damages then not after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing fuch Damage fhall ceafe*, and in cafe no fuch Tender as aforefaid fhall be made before an Action brought, it fhall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Action by Leave of the Court wherein fuch Action fhall depend, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgment fhall be had, made, and given irt and by fuch Courc as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Courc*, and all fuch Actions and Suits fhall be laid and cried in the County of York, and not ir. any other County or Place j and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Action or Suit may plead the general Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which fhall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which luch Adion or Actions, Suit or Suits fhall be fo brought was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of fome Bye-Law, Rule, or Order made in purfuance thereof; and if the fame Matter or Thing fhdl appear to have been fo done, or if it (ball happen that fuch Action or Suit was brought before Twenty one Days Notice thereof given as aforefaid, or tnat fufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if any fuch.

Action or Suit fhall not be commenced within the Time hereinbefore for that Purpofe limited, or fhall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and alfo if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become non-fuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Adion or Actions or Judgment after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or if Judgment fhall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or if any Verdict fhall pafs upon the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwife Judgment fhall be mven againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall have treble Cofts, and (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his, her, or their Cofts in any other Cafes by Law.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Con- Commif trad which fhall be made by the faid Commiffioners for any of the Pur- toners not pofes of this Ad fhall be binding upon the faid Commiffioners as Indivi- perfonally duals or in their private Capacity, and that all Monies which fhall be anf'verab,e expended by or recovered againft the faid Commiffioners or any Perfon ^Co,urafts» or Perlons employed by them by means of Action, Profecution, or Appeal, fhall be borne and defrayed out of the Money which fhall come to the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Commiffioners or any other Perfon by virtue of this Ad.

LX I- And be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained tv Aa

fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice, leffen, or defeat, to prejudice* !°	any	the Rights of

1640

the Corpora* lion of Beverley,

PiblicAO.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

any Right, Intereft, Property, Power, Privilege, Franchife, or Authority of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgtfles of the Town of Beverley aforefaid, or any of the Jurors or Officers of their Courrs within the faid Town, or any of the Powers or Authorities granted by an Adt palled in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majclty King George the Second, intituled. An Aft for more effeftually clean• fing, deepening, widening, and preferring a Creek called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull, and for more effectually repairing the Staiths near the Jaid Beck, and the Roads 'leading from the faid River to the fown of Beverley, and for cleanfing the Streets of the faid Town, and for regulating the Carriages to and from the Jaid Beck and the River Hull, or granted by the Act of Parliament therein recited, which palled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majelty King George the Firft; but all and every fuch Rights, Iriterefts, Property, Powers, Previleges, Franchifes, and Authorities, may be exercifed and enjoyed in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the fame were exercifed and enjoyed before the gaffing of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted. That this Act (ball be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and /hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others without being fpecial* ly pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaN, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808*

f:

Of} C i i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

V*

*******************************************************





Cap, 88.

An Adi for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Wejlbury, Warminfter, Heytesbury, and Damerham South, in the County of Wilts.	[ift	June	z	808.]

HE RE AS the Hundreds of Wejlbtllry, Warminjler, Heyiejbury, and Damerham South, in the County of Wilts, are very populous, and a great and extenfive Trade and Commerce is carried : And whereas there are many Perfons within thefaid Hundreds contract Small Debts, and although able are unwilling and ay the fame, prefuming on the Inconvenience which Creditors lie n the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which ft with in filing for fuch Debts in Courts of Law ; and, if a more jffpeedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts, not exceeding 8 of Five Pounds, were eftablifhed within the laid Hundreds, it voulcp&e highly beneficial and advantageous, and tend to the Encouragement and Support of ufeful Credit within the fame; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enadled ; and be it enacted by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-iembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Reprefentatives ferving in Parliament for the County of Wilts, the Reprefentatives ferving in Parliament for the Boroughs of Wejibury and Heyiejbury, the fevercll Juftices for the l ime being acting in the CommUEon of the Peace for the Laid County of Wilts, refiding within the laid Hundreds, the Mayor and Capital Burgefies of the Borough cf Wejlbury, and the Bailiff of the Borough \_l+oc.	Per.2	t8 X	of

Comroiffion-

er*.



i&46:

48,’GEORGIl III, Cap. 88.

of Hejlepmry for the Tfenfe being, the Rectors and Vicars refiding within the laid Hundreds refpeftively for the Time being, the Curates of the feveraf Parifh Churches within the faid Hundreds, together with Jaynes Allies, Cuibbert Armflrong, James Bayly, George Baker, Thomas Burgcfs, Uriah Broadribb, John Bleeck, William Baifs, William Bennett, John Barter, John Bannijler, John Butt, William. Bayly, Rickard Batchelor^ Philip Ballard B/atc'h, Thomas Bourne, Stephen Brown, John Cockell, James Cock ell, Nicholas Cockell, John Crojby, Samuel Chubb, James Carpenter, William Cmimngton, Jofeph Chandler, Thomas Chandler, John Crowch, Ebenezer Coombs,- John Baily Coles, John Carpenter, Thomas Davis, William Dredge, John Gale Everett, William Marven Everett, Nathaniel Everett, William Euens, John Everett, Thomas Finnimore Evans, Jofeph Ford, Thomas Flower, Chrijlopher Flicker, Obadiah Flower, Henry Fujfeil, Walter Fitz, John Green, William Grant, Thomas Gaisford, Thomas Glafs, John Hooper, Robert Haynes, Richard Harris, Simon Hifcocks, Thomas Hayter, IVilliam Hinton the elder, Stephen Hunt, Edmund Halliday, Giles Halliday, Jarvis Houfe, Thomas Hinton, Thomas Jarvis, John Kcbby, John Kinton, Jofeph Kirk, James Ludlow, Francis Stephen Long, Samuel Long, Edmund Lye, Thomas Wright Lowe, John Mat ravers, IVilliam Matravers, Thomas Luke Meecb, Robert Meech, John Marjh, Edward Middle cot, ■Thomas Tregonwdl Napier, Benjamin Napier, Richard Noyes, James OJborne, Benjamin Overbury, Charles Lewis Phipps, William Phipps, William Phipps the younger, William Paviour, Henry Phillips, Thomas' Pernor, Ambrofe Patient, Samuel Provis, Charles P ref sly, Benjamin Rebbcck, Charles Rich, John Raxwor/hy, Richard Rickword, Thomas Roles,

. James Roles, James Slade, John Seagram, William Seagram, Edward Frowd Seagram Doctor of Phyfic, Edward Slade, Gregory Seal, Williaih Smith, Robert Smith, James Singer, Samuel Singer, Ifaac Tucker, William Tugwell, John Hooper Taunton, Thomas Vine, IVilliam Vine, John Whittaker, Philip Whitaker, William Whitaker, Thomas White, Thomas Williams, William Wilkins, Peter Warren, George Warren, Henry Wanfey the younger, and George Wanfey, fhall be and are hereby appointed Commiflioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the faid Hundreds of Weflbury, kVarmin-jler, Heytefbury, and Damerham South, in the County of Wilts; and the faid Commiffioners and their Succeffors are hereby conflituted a Court of juftjce by the Name of “ The Court of Requefts for the Hundreds of <c Weflbury, Warminfler, Heytefbury, and Damerham. South, in the County “ of Wiltsand the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the faid Court at the Towns of Wcftbury and Warminfler alternately, and by Turns once in every Fortnight, in fome. convenient Place within the faid Towns refpeftively, to be from Time to Time appointed, as Occafion may require, by the major Part of the Com-mifiioners at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this A<ft; and the Firft Meeting fliall be holden in the Tcwft of Weflbury, on the Second Tucfday next after the palling of this Aft; and the Second Meeting fhali be holden in the Town of Warminfler, on the Fourth Tucfday next after the palling of this Aft; and the Third Meeting Ihall be holden again in the Town of Weflbury, on the Sixth Tucfday next after the pafltxlg of this Aft ; and fo 011 in conftant SuccdTion ahd Rotation, without the lea ft Change or Interruption, (Chrijlmm Day, and Fait and Thanklgiying Days by Proclamation excepffed, and then on the following Day ); and the faid Commiffioners, or the major Part of them, who-fhall be prefent at the ’Meetings to be holden in puriua.v-e oj .this Aft* 'are hereby authorized 3	and

43“ GEORGII HI. Gap. 88.

ml empowered to hear and determine all fuch Actions and Caufes as are herein-aftef mentioned, and to give Judgements and to make Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with Cods, againft the Body and Bodies, or againft the Goods of all and every the Perfon and Perfons againft whom they fhall give any fuch Judgement; and if the Commiflioners fo afiembled (hall happen to be equally divided ujjon any Queftion.that may come before them, the Commiflioner prefent who (lands . firft in the Lift of Commiflioners (which Lift the faid Commiflioners are hereby required to fix, or caufe to be hung up in the Court or Place w'here the Commiflioners meet) fhall have the decifive or cafting Vote.

II.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall be capable of afting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Ad, (fave and except in ad-miniftering the Oath herein contained to the other Commiflioners), until he (hall have taken an Oath te^ie'Elfltrd: following; (that is to fay),

*	T A. B. do fwear, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do 4 A folemnly affirm,/according to the Form in that Cafe made and pro-4 vidcdJJThat I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially, according to

*	the bed of my Skill and Judgement, hear and determine fuch Matters 4 and Things as (hall be brought before me, by virtue of an Aft, made in 4 the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

4 An Ad [here Jet forth the Title of this Ad~] without Favour or Affeftion,

4 Prejudice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and alfo,

4 that 1 am a Houfeholder within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, and 4 that I am poflefied of a Real Eftate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, e dr of Perfonal Eftate of the Value of Qne~thoufand -Pounds above all 4 Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever. --f^ 9 Q

c So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiflioners, or any one or more of them, is-and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter in open Court; and eaelrand every fuch Commiflioner (hall and he is hereby required (after taking the faid Oath or Affirmation) to fign and fubfcribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fuch Roll or Rolls (hail be carefully kept among the Records of the faid Court*

III.	And be it further enafted, That on the Hearing, Examination, and Three Cum-Determination of each and every A ft ion, Caufe, or Queftion, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Sixty Shillings, Three at lead of the fogs; Five faid Commiflioners (hall be prefent in Court; and on the Hearing, Ex- Co«nmifiion-ammation, and Determination of each and every Aftion, Caufe, or Quef- sutn.b<m tiut tion, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Sixty Shillings, Five at

lead of the faid Commiflioners (hall be prefent in Court.

IV.	And be it- further enafted, That when any of the faid Commiflioners,- How ne* or any of the Succeflbrs of fuch Commiflioners, to be elefted in Manner S fc'aUb*** herein mentioned, (hall die, or refufe to aft, or (hall ceafe to be qualified <-houn,

in Manner herein direfted to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the furviving and remaining Commiflioners acting in Execution of this Aft, or the major Part of them who (hall be prefent at a Meeting to be hclden for that Purpofe, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after fuch Deceafe, Refufal, or Di(qualification to aft, or fo foon after as

conveniently

CommilTiofu trs Oath.

7

1647

164-8

Quail ficatio

cf ComniU-ftonws.

48®G^EORGII III. Cap.$8.

conveniently may be, to eleft one other Commiflioner in the room or Head of every fuch Commiflioner fo dying or refuting to a ft, or ceafing to be fo qualified; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Election, and for the Purpofcs*thereof fhall be affixed on the Doors of the Rooms in which fuch Courts are ufually held. Fourteen Days at leaft before fuch Meeting fhall be holden; and every fuch Commiflioner fo elected lhall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution, and lhall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commiflioner.

V.	And be it further enafted. That no Perfon lhall be qualified to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, unlefs he lhall at the Time of acting be a Houfeholder within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, and poffeffed of a Real Eltate of the Annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever ; and if any Perfon, not being qualified as aforefaid, lhall prefume to aft as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, every fuch Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence (over and above any Punilhment that he may be fubjeft and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Colls of Suit,To any Perfon or Perfons who lhall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminftcr, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Ef-foign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance lhall be allowed ; and in every fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint, and Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification lhall be on the Defendant, and it lhall befuffi-cient for the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo filed or profecuted had acted as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft: Provided neverthelefs, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Perfon and Perfons acting as a Commiflioner or Commifiioners in the Execution of this Aft, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convifted of fuch Offence, fhall notwithftanding fuch Conviction be as valid and effectual as if fuch Perlon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Commiflioner of the faid ;t Court for the Time being, lhall be Party to or concerned or interefted in any Caufe, Aftion, or Matter depending in the faid Court, fuch Commiflioner fhall nor be capable of acting as a Commiflioner on the hearing or determining fuch Caufe, Aftion or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but fuch Commiflioner, after being heard in fuch Cattle, Aftion or Matter, lhall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if the Clerk or his Deputy or other Officer of the faid Court for the Time being, lhall be a Party or interefted in any Caufe, Aftion or Matter depending in the laid Court, fuch Clerk, Deputy or other Officer lhall not exercife his faid Office in fuch Caufe, Aftion cr Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the faid Commiflioners forming the faid Court lhall and m ty appoint another Perfon to exercife the Office of fuch Cleik or Deputy or other Officer refpeftively, in all Things relating to fuch Caufe, Aaron or Matter.

VII. Ani

48* GEORG II III. Cap. 88.	1649

VII.	And, for the better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court, beit Tor^mate ^

Further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall not hold the faid Court,	9

or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes, by virtue of

this Aft, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, and that nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to expend fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants,

Witnefs or Witneffes, in the faid Court, in purfuance of any Order or Summons iffued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the laid Hours.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe a fufficient Number of Commiffioners fhall not be prefent to aft in the Execution of this Aft as ers'dlTnot at. is haein direfted, on any of the Days appointed for holding of the faid tend, Court Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for

any of the faid CommifTioners who fhall be prefent, and if no Commif-fi- ner fhall be prefent, it fhall and may be lawful to and for either of the Clerks, or their refpeftive Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the faid Court to the next regular Court Day.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid CommifTioners, and they are hereby required at their firfl &c.

Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft, at the Town of Wejlbun,

to nominate and appoint one or more fit and proper Perfon or Perfons for each of the feveral Offices of Clerk and Serjeant for the Hundred of IVpfibury ; and alfo at their firfl Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Aft at the Town of Wanninfter, to nominate and appoint one or more fit and proper Perfon or Perfons for each of the feveral Offices of Clerk and Serjeant for the Hundreds of Warminfier, Heytcjbury, and Damerham South, and for the other neceffary Offices of and in the faid Court of Requefts; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons appointed to execute the Office of Clerk, immediately after his or their Appointment, and from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Deputy or Deputies to aft in his or their Room or Stead in cafe of Sicknefs, or for other fufficient Caufe, to be allowed by the faid Commiffioners, but not oiberwiie; and every fuch Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to iffue all Summonfes, Warrants, and Precept*, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgements of the faid Court, and to do all fuch Afts, Matters, and Things, as are direfted or required to be done by the faid Clerk by virtue of this Aft, and fhall enter. and regifter or cau/e to be entered and regiflered in a proper Book or Books ro be provided by fueh Clerk, and kept for that Purpofe, all the Acts and Proceedings of the faid Court, of what Nature or Kind foever ;

Provided always, that no Commiffioner fhall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk or any other Place of Profit belonging to the faid Court.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall and Commiffion-they are hereby required to make or caufe to be made fair and regular <rs to enter Em lies in a Book or Books to he provided by them for th^t Purpofe, of iSg" in^ook*

// alLJudgements, Acts, Orders, Direftions, Regulations, and Proceedings of them the faid Commiffioners, relative to the Execution of the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this Aft, and alio of the Names cf the Commiffioners who fhall be prefent at their refpeftive Meetings;

» [Ltc-& Per.]	1ST	and

i6to	48°	GEORG	11 III.

aftd'fuch Entries ffiall be figned by the Chairman of each refpedive Meeting ; and fuch Entries when fo signed, and fuch Book and Books, fhafl be allowed to be read in Evidence in proof of the Proceeding of fuch Court in all Courts whatfoever.

officer* imy XI. And be it further enaded, That if any fuch Clerk, his Deputy, bt placed. Serjeant, or other Officer, ffiall become incapable of ading, or ffiall be guilty of any Mifbehaviour, either by Negled or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are by this Ad allowed to be taken, or otherwife, in the Difcharge of his or their refpedive Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the faid Commiffioners in the faid Court then fitting, ffiall and are hereby direded and required to inquire into the Nature of the faid Complaint; and if it ffiall appear to be well founded, then fuch Commiffioners or the major Part of them fo fitting in Court as aforefaid, are hereby directed and required to caufe a Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Rooms in which fuch Courts are ufually held, to call a Meeting of the faid Commiffioners at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting ffiall be holden not fooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Days after fuch Notice j and the Commiffioners or the major Part of them prefent, ffiall and may examine and confider the Merits of fuch Complaint, and if it ffiall appear to fuch Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, that the faid Clerk, his Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer, hath or have been guilty of fuch Mifbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforefaid, or hath or have become incapable to ad in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, to fufpend, difmifs, or remove fuch Clerk, his Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices.

a«;d additional

Officers, it

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the Commiffioners who ffiall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Refignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue of this Ad, to caufe a Notice to be affixed on the Doors cf the faid Rooms in which fuch Courts are ufually held, to call a Meeting of the faid Commiffioners within Fourteen Days next after fuch Notice ; and the Commif-ffioners at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them prefent, are hereby authorized and required to appoint another Perfon or Perfons in the Room •or Stead of every fuch Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer fo dying, refign-ing, or removed as aforefaid, for the Ufes and Purpofes in this Ad contained, and fo from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer ffiall die, refign, or be removed from his or their refpedive Offices ; and if it ffiall at any Time appear neceffary to any Five of the faid Commiffioners, or to the major Part of them in Court affembled at any Meeting, from the Increafe of the Bufinefs of the faid Court, or for any other Reafon, that more Serjeants or other inferior Officers of the faid Court are wanting, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for fuch Five Commiffioners, or the major Part of them affembled in Court on any Court Day, to appoint an additional Serjeant or other inferior Officer who may appear to the faid Commiffioners to be wanting or neceffary for carrying any of the Purpofes of this Ad into Execution.

XIII.	And

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 88.	1651

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Serjeants or other Officers of the faid Court, fhali fcrve all Summonfes and execute fuch ,e“nU' Kt' Orders, Warrants and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch other Ads,

Matters and Things, as may be required to be done by them refpeclively,

by the Coinmiffioners and Clerks by virtue of this A&.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That if any 5erjeant or Serjeants or Serjeant neg. other Officer or Officers of the faid Court employed to ferve any Execution, putyfop* fhali by wilful Negled, Omiffion, or Connivance, caufe or fuffer the the Debt, Party againft whom fuch Execution fhali be awarded to efcape or abfcond,

or the Goods of fuch Party to be carried away or fecreted, fo that fuch Execution fhali not have its due Effeft, it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, to order fuch Serjeant or other Officer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of their Debts; and it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, and they are ,ei" hereby enabled to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence on fuch Serjeant or other Officer, and fuch Fine if not forthwith paid fhali and may be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Fine, and the Coils and Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels i and fuch Fine, when fo levied and recovered, fhali be paid to and diflri-buted by the faid Commiffioners, in fuch Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this A£t direfled to be diflributed.

XV. And be it further enabled, That the feveral Fees herein-after Fees to be limited and expreffed, and no other, fhali be taken by the faid Cierks, ukeu* Serjeants, and other Officers, for their feveral and refpective Services in

the Execution of this Act; (that is to fay)

	To Ten	To Forty	To Five
	Shillings	Shillings	Pounds
	inclufive.	inclufive.	inclufive.
			
	s. d.		
For entering the Caufe -	o 6	o 9	I o
Iffuing Summons -	o 6	• o 9	I Q
Iffuing Subpcena -	° 3	o 6	I O
Swearing every Witnefs - *	0 2	o 4	o 6
Hearing Caufe -	o 6	o 9	I o
Order for Payment -	o 6	© 9	I o
Paying Money into Court and entering") fame in Book - - - j	0 3	o 6	o 9
Nonfuit ....	o 6	® 9	1 o
Searching the Book	O 2	o 4	o 6
Attachment or Execution, and for entering") and iffuing fame - - - j	I 0	s 6	2 O
Acknowledging SatisfaQion in Part or in 1 full	/	o 6	o 6	I Q
For every Warrant of Commitment, i s.			

To

165 a

48’ GEORGII III. CapM.

To Ten Shillings inclufive.	To Fortj Shillings inclufive.	To Five Pounds inclufive.
/. d.	s.	s, d.
0 6	0 9	I O
0 i	0 3	0 4
1 0	1 6	1 0
0 2	° 3	0 4
0 6	0 9	1 0
O 2	0 3	0 4

To the Serjeant.

For ferving every Summons, Order, or Sup-pcena in the Town where the Court is hdd, and making Return thereof to the Court If out of fuch Town, and for every Mile extra, I in Addition	-	-	-	J

For executing every Attachment or Execution^ againft Goods or Body in the Town where > the Court is held	-	-	-J

If out of fuch Town, and for every Mile extra, 1 in Addition -	.	-	j

If an Affiftant Serjeant fhould be neceffary inh the Judgement of the Commiffioners, then > for the Affiftant, if in the Town - -J If out of fuch Town, and for every Mile extra,} in Addition -	-	-	3

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, orDe-S linquent to Prifon, including all Expences > and Affiffants, for every Mile, is,	j

And the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required to hang up and affix or caufe to be hung up and affixed a Table of all fuch Fees, in fome confpicuous Place of the faid Courts or Places of Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, in order that all Perfons concerned may be enabled to perufe the fame.

XVI.	And for the more effectual Eftablifhment of the Dignity and Confe-quence of the faid Court, and to protect the Members thereof ffomlnfult; be it further enacted. That if anyPerfon or Perfons fhall contemptuoufly and wilfully inful t or abufe all, any, or either of the faid Commiffioners, or any or either of the Officers of the faid Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the faid Court, or going to or from the faid Court, or fhall interrupt or obftruft the Proceedings of the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court, with or without the Affifiance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by the Order of the faid Com* mifficners, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody ; and the laid Commiffioners fhall then examine into fuch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbeha-viour, either from their own View5 or Knowledge of what paffed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One of more credible Witnefs or Witneffes ; and upon fuch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbthaviour, being duly proved as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they arc hereby authorized and empowered to impole a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every fuch Offence, on 'each and every’ fuch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall hot he forthwith paid, fuch Fine fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting fuch Fine, and the Cofts and Charges 1	*	i4	of

480 GEORG!I III. Cap. 88.

of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels ; and the faid -Fine when fo paid, levied, and recovered, {hall be paid to and distributed by the Commiflioners, in fuch Manner and in fuch Shares and Proportions amongft the Poor of the Parifn or Place where fhch Offence thill be committed, as they the faid Commiflioners {hail think proper J and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs {hall not be found, it {hall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to either of the Common Gaols of the faid County of Wilts, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all Difputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds in all Actions or Caufes of Debt, whether fuch Debt {hall arife from any Bond, Bill, or Specialty for Payment of Money only, or any Promifibry Note or Inland Bill of Exchange, or for Rent, and in all Caufes of AJfumpfit and Infimul Compuiaffet, and in all Caufes or A&ions of Trover and Converfion, and in all Caufes or Returns founded on a Quantum meruit, and in all Caufes or Actions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this Aft contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable the Commiflioners of the faid Court to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eftates whatfoever, or to judge, determine* or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years'of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatfoever, {hall be brought or come into Queffion, nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds ; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that Ihall arife by reafon of the Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate elfewhere than within the Limit and Jurisdiction of the faid Court, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that {hall arife by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftament or Matrimony, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes, or for any Matter properly fuable in the Ecclefiaftical Court; nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horfe Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any" Kind of Gaming or Play ; nor to any Debt which there has not been a Contrail, Acknowledgement* Undertaking, or Promife, to pay within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons, although the fame refpe&ively fhall not exceed Five Pounds.

XIX.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained Ihall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to prevent or reffrain any Perfon from diftrain-ing for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame {hall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained Ihall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable any Plaintiff to fplit oi-divide any Caufe or ACtion for the Recovery of any Debt, where the whole Sum ftiall appear to be due and owing {hall exceed the Sum of

£Lsc, Per,^	18 Z	Five

1653

What Debts to be decided bv the C ’nw miflioners.

This \ft not to exiend to ceitain Debts.

This Aft not to prevent

oiltrainm tor Rent.

S

AfIion« not to

be f, lu for

bringing them befoie the Court as two

4-S* GEORGII III. Cap. 88.

tive Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more Caufes or Actions, for the Purpofe of bringing fuch Caufes or Actions within the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Court; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiflioners that any Plaintiff fhall have fo fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Aftion as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commilfionera fhall and they arc hereby required to difmiis, with Cofts. every fuch Caufe or Aftion fo fplit and divided; but fuch Difiniffal fhall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcjtminJler, or in fuch other Manner as he or fhe may lawfully proceed.

Regulation as XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe any Plaintiff Debts'?1^8 °f ^all have fo fplit or divided his or her Caufe or A&ion, {hall be willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this A& enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full, of the whole of his or her Demand in fuch Caufe or Action fo fplit or divided, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners {hall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce, on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners, fuch Sum to the Plaintiff not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the faid Commiflioners fhall feetn juft and. reafonable; and fuch Sum fhall, in the Judgement or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiflioners, be declared to be and fhall be in full IQifcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Caufe or Cafe fo fplit and divided.

1654.

Debars to be XXII. And be it further enafted, That from and after the FirlbMeeting fummoncl of the faid Commiflioners, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Per-InU8oner°m fon or Perf°ns (whether fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall refide within the whomaymake Jurifdi&ion of the faid Court or not) having any Debtor Debts fave and betweuTth. except as herein excepted, not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due as e or owing, or belonging to hint, her, or them, in his, her, or their own th'Vkl«l11 Right, or in the Right of any other Perfon or Perfons, or as Executor, 1 IBk “ Ad'rniniflrator, Guardian, Affignee or Truftee to any Perfon or Perfons, or due and owing to him as Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commiflioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly affociated and conftituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfo-ever, which the faid Commiflioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not exprefsly prohibited by this A£t, by or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever inhabiting, refiding, or being within the laid Hundreds or either of them, or keeping and ufing any Houfe, Ware-houfe, Wharf; Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there as a Dealer, or feeking a Livelihood, to apply to the Clerk of the faid Court for the Time being or his Deputy, who (hall immediately make, out and deliver to One of the Serjeants of the faid Court for the Time being a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the faid Clerk, direfled to fuch Debtor or Debtors, expreffiug the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and Hating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufe of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, fuch Time not bfcir- earlier than Four Days after the ferving of fuch Summons, before the Commiflioners of the faid Court to anfiver fuch Demands, and. fuch Serjeant fliall forthwith ferve or caufe fuch Summons to be ferved on

48° GE0RGI1 III. Cap. 88.	i6<$

fuch Debtor or Debtors, either perfonally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Ferfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging,

Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing, of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court'; and upon due Proof made of fuch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner afore-faid, the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court (fuch Number prefent not being lei’s than by this Aft direfted) are hereby empowered and required to make due Inquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints (whether the fame arofe or were net originally contracted within the faid Hundreds or either of them, or before the paffing of this Aft) and make fuch Orders therein, and order and direct the Payment of any fuch Debts to be made either in one Sum at once, or by Inftalments at ltated Periods, and pafs fuch final Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and award fuch reafonable Cofts of Suit as to them fhall feem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Aft contained; and for the better Difcovery of the Truth, and more folemn Determination of the Matters and Caufes which fhall be depending in the faid Court, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in the faid Court to adminifter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the faid Court, or to either of the faid Parties whom they the faid Commiffioners lhall think proper to examine touching the Matters then in queflion, and alfo to fuch Wknefs or Witneffes as (ball be produced by each Party, and alfo to any other Perfon or Perfons whofe Evidence fhall feem neceffary towards hearing and determining any of the faid Caufes or Aftions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpofe requifite to the Execution of this Aft*

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That no Evidence fhall be permitted m0 Evidence to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Action as fo be given by aforefaid, of any Caufe of Aftion except fi ch as is Hated in the faid Sum- 2ny Matter mons hereby directed to be given, nor {hall any Evidence be admitted on >'<>£ ftated in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch Caufe of Aftion Jrr?y De?"*’ of any Demand he, fhe, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in ftndant of any the Nature of a Set-off, to leffen cr difeharge himfelf, herfelf, or them-

felves from fuch Demand or Caufe of Aftion, unlefs Notice thereof in on The Plain-Writing has been given to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by perfonal Service, ^geebe or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, given thereof Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place by him* of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when fuch Matter or Caufe fhall be heard or tried.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That if any Debtor or Debtors who if Debtor fhall have been duly fummoned as aforefaid, fhall not appear either in Per- does "ot “P: fon, or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or SoMrs°inay1 * their Behalf before the faid Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the proceed, faid Summons, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to

and for the faid Commiffioners alfembled in the faid Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the faid Summons in Manner aforefaid, to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make fuch Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award fuch reafonable Cofts of Suit as to them lfcall feem moft agreeable to Equity and good Confcience.

XXV. And

i656	48“	GEORGII III. Cap. 88.

pHntiff^oes XXV. And be it further ena&ed, That if upon any Day of the Return not'appear to °f any Summons ifl'ued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at prove his De- any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Court, or of the Gaufe for fendantflnn or 011 account of which fuch Summons fhall have been iffued, the have his Coft;. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall not appear either in Perfon, or by his, her, or their Agent or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing fhali not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, but fhall become nonfuited, or Judgement fhall be pronounced againff him, her, or them, by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court, and they are hereby directed and required to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Cofts and Satisfaction for his, her, and their Trouble and Attendance, as they the faid Commifiioners in their Difcretion fhall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by fuch Ways or .Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the faid Court.

Commifton-

SSy'ot *

Goods.

In caf- Parties fhall

ab(con<i or fear;re their Goad.'-

XXVI. And be it further enaCted, That in any Caufe, ACtion, or Cafe where the faid Commiffioners fhall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment ofMoney, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court to award Execution either againff the Body or Goods of the Party againff whom fuch Order or Decree fhall be made j and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the faid Court, at the Prayer of the Party profeeuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, tu iffue a Precept under his Hand and Seal by Way of Capias-ad Satisfaciendum or Fieri Facias, to one of the Serjeants or other Officer of the laid Court, who by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon Execution awarded againff the Body of fuch Party, fhall and may and is hereby empowered to take fuch Party, being within the Jurifdidtion of the faid Court, and carry him, her, or them, to one of the Common Gaols within the faid County of Wilts, there to remain until he, ffie, or they fhall perform and obey fuch Order, Decree, or Judgement, for the Space of l ime herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in cafe any fuch Precept fhall be iffued upon Execution againff the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, fuch Serjeant or other Officer fhall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party being within the Jurii'di&ion of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Coffs as fhall be fo ordered, decreed, or adjudged ; and if the Party againff whofe Body or Bodies any fuch Execution fhall be awarded and Procefs thereupon fhall iffue, fhall by abfeonding or by fecreting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any fuch Execution, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in the faid Court, upon due Proof thereof made before them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, at their Difcretion to :.ward further Execution either againff the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, and Procefs fhall iffue thereupon, and be ferved by one of the Serjeants or other Officer of the faid Court in,Manner aforefaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s fnail be fully paid and fatisfied ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners from Time to Time, in cafe they fhall think fit, for theEafe and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by feveral Payments or Inftalments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions 2	-	as

i657

48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 88.

as may appeal' rcafonable and juft to them the faid Commiflioners,^ for the Eafe of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; and it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, in cafe any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Jnftalments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, and dire&ed, (hall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant or Defendants, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons who may have given Security t:o the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the faid Commif-ftoners, for the Payment of fuch Payments or Inftalments in Manner afore-faid, for the whole Debt or fuch Part thereof as fhall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Cofts as to them Ihallfeemjuft and reafonable; and fuch Debt or fuch Part thereof, and fuch further Cofts, fhall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Cofts firft decreed.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That upon each and every Precept to be iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, the Clerk of the faid Court fhall indorfe, or caufe to be indorfed, the Sum or Sum of Money, and the Cofts fo ordered, decreed and adjudged ; and if the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded refpe&ively, fhall, before any a&ual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, fhe, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifonment as herein mentioned, pay) or caufe to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk as a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfa&ion in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Execution fhall be fuperfeded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the faid Party or Parties fhall be difeharged and fet at Liberty.

Clerk to in* dorfe Deb' and Coft<on the P* ecer»t, and if paid td Clerk of Court be ford ' Sale Kxecu.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful to or procefi not for the faid Commiflioners to iffue any Procefs againft the Body or Bodies >j^u* ^ of any Perfon or Perfons, in any Cafe or Cafes where the Party entitled 3nde to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, fhall at the fame floods of the Tithe have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chat- fa i,e Per,ons* tels of the fume Perfon or Perfons.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Keeper or Keepers for the Penalty on Time being of the Common Gaols or Houfes of Correction within the prj^rn°f laid County of Wilts, fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to JeSingkif' receive and take into their Cuftody refpe&ively, all and every Perfon and DatY-Perfons who fhall be committed, or ordered to ftand committed by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them prefent in Court; and in cafe the Keeper or Keepers of the faid Gaols or Houfes of Correction respectively, fhall negleCt or refufe to receive and take into his or their Cuftody any Perfon or Perfons committed by virtue of this ACt, or fhall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perfons fhall be committed to his or their Cuftody, difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons out of his or their Cuftody, and wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon or Perfons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpofe in Writing, figned by the faid Clerks, or One of them, fuch Keeper and Keepers re-\JLqc.	Per.3	19 A	fpeCtively

X$.$3	48"	G E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 88.

fpedlivriy fo offending in either of the faid Cafes, and being thereof con* vidted before anv one or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Wilts, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, ( hich Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), or upon his or their own Confeffion, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Difcretion of the faid Juitice or Juftices ; and in cafe fuch Sum ffi ill not be immediately paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender or Offenders {hall be convicted, then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Sum fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender or Offenders, after deducting the Coftsand Charges of fuch Di 1 refs and Sale ; and fuch Forfeiture when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be diftributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Adt directed to be diftributed ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices to comqiit fuch Offender or Offenders to either the Common Gaols or Houfe of Correction for the County of Wilts, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Conviction, be fooner paid and difcharged.

Wo PrlvJJtge XXX. And be it further enadted, That no Privilege fhall be allowed

toAuornies'1 to exemPt any Perfon liable to be fummoned by virtue of this Adt, from the Jurifdiciion of the faid Court of Requefts, on Account of his being a fworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at tVcJlmivJler, or of any other Court whatfoever ; but that all fueh Atiomies, Solicitors, and other Officers, fhall be fubjedt to the feveral Proceffes, Orders, Judgements, and Executions of the faid Court of Requefts, in the fame Manner as any other Perfon or Perfons is or are fubjedt to the fame.

No Attorney, XXXI. And be it further enadted, That no fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Serf erei or Scrivener, or any Perfon practifing the Law, fhall be permitted to appear Piadiifer of in the faid Court of Requefts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, for L w to oe or ofl Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perfon, or to be Advocate. admitted to fpeak before the faid Court in any Caufe, Action, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs, nor adt as Commiffioner in the faid Courts; and in cafe any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fhall appear in the faid Court of Requefts as, an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or fpeak before the faid Court in any Caufe, Action, or Matter, in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs, or adt as Commiffioner, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convidted thereof before one or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, upon the Oath of one or niore credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or on his own Confeffion ; and jn cafe fuch Sum of Money fhall not be paid forthwith by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convicted, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch

Sum

48s GEORG 11 III. Cap. 88.	1659

Sam of Money fhall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to luch Offender, after deducing fuch Fine or Forfeiture; and the Colts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale when fo paid, and levied or recovered, (hall be diftributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Ad directed to be diftributed.

XXXII.	And whereas Difficulties frequently arife in the recovering of PeMs due Debts in certain Cafes by reafon of Infancy, be it therefore enaded, That ^frAg* in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums of Money ma> be reco. whatfoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, fhall be due and veiedi owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shop-

man, Shopwoman, Affiftant, Labourer, or any other Perfon whomfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiftant, Labourer, or other Perfon, to fue for and recover fuch Debt in the faid Court, in the fame Manner as if he or Ihe were of full Age; and the faid Commiffioners prefent in the faid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caufes concerning luch Debts, in the fame Manner, and fhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Were all of full Age.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Perfons whom- T'norif>n*ne«t foever, who fhall be committed to the faid Gaols by Order of the laid

Court for any Debt or D°bts, fhall be kept or continued in Cuftody on any Pretence whatfoever (except in Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the lime of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are herein-after limited in that Behalf;

(that is to fay) where the Debt (exchTive of • ..ofts) does not exceed the Sum f Twenty Shillings, then he, Ihe, or they fhall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Colls) is above Forty Shillings and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then Lighty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment ; and the faid Keeper or Keepers of the faid Gaols is and are hereby directed and required to difeharge fuch Perfons accordingly,

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners fhall oebtor”^r? be and they are hereby directed and required in their Order of Commit- Confinement, merit of any Perfon or Perfons to either of the faid Common Gaols for the Non-payment of any Debtor Debts, to order and direct to be paid weekly orotherwife, by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants

fo committed, for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Prifon, a daily Allowance of Three-pence to each Perfon; and in Default of Payment of the fame for the Space of Five Days, the Keeper or Keepers of the faid Gaols is and are hereby directed to difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons from his or they- Cuftody, in fuch and the fame Manner as if the full Debt *7	and

1660

Plaintiff* m3y pay ro'htGat -ler th<-Su«n 01. <t<red tor ths whole Num-

thc Coin nut*

If Debtor conceal M ney or Goods, the Time of Im.

Debtor* not Pablr to !>ay Gao! Fees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.88.

and Cofts for which fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were committed had been fully paid and fatisfied.

XXXV.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further cnaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to the Gaoler or Gaolers the Sum fo ordered by the Commiflioners for the whole Number of Days expreffed in the Order of Commitment, at the Time of the Defendant or Defendants being delivered into the Cuflody of the Gaoler or Gaolers; and fuch Gaoler or Gaolers is and are hereby direded to pay thereout the daily Allowance fo ordered, every Day, to fuch Defendant or Defendants, during his, her, or their Confinement; and in cafe fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall be legally difcharged from fuch Confinement, before the Expiration of the Time of Commitment, that then and in fuch Cafe the faid Gaoler or Gaolers fhall, upon fuch Difcharge, forthwith repay to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the proportionate Refidue of fuch Sum, according to the Number of Days which fhall be unexpired of the Time for which fuch Defendant or Defendants was or were originally committed,

XXXVI.	And, in order more effedually to prevent Perfons fummoned for Debts to the faid Court from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods ; be it enaded, That in cafe, upon the Summons of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before the faid Court, Information of any fuch Pradice fhall be given, fuch Court fhall have Power to hear Evidence as to fuch fraudulent Concealment; and in cafe it fhall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifter), that any fuch Debtor has Money or Goods which he or fhe has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then, and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge the aforefaid Time of Imprifonment to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That ail and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Procefs iiTuing from or out of the faid Court of Requefls, and who at the Time of his, her, or their being taken into Cuflody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, fhall have more than one Execution againfl him, her, or them, in the faid Court, fhall be imprifoned the Time by this Ad limited for and in refped of fuch Execution ; and after the Time fo limited in the firfl Execution is expired, the Imprifonment in the fecond Execution fhall commence ; and after the Time fo limited on the fecond Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the third Execution fhall commence, and fo on, uniil he, fhe, or they fhall have been imprifoned the Time by this Ad limited, for and in refped of each feparate Execution to be ifiiied againfl him, her, or them, in the faid Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuflody, or during his, her, or-their Imprifonment j any Law, Statute, or Ulage to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it furtlier enaded, That each and ever)r Perfon imprifoned by virtue of this Ad fhall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Impriformient, be difcharged and let at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaols, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Difcharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatfoever j and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkey of the faid

Gaols,

i66i

4§° GEORGII III. Cap.88-

tlaols, or any other 'Perfon whomfoever, (hall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or (hall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Prifoners after the Time by this A£t limited for his, her, or their Impriionment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, or other Perfon, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for ^°d^rIccS any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Wilts, to hear and ^ch of-* determine every fuch Offence; and fuch Two Juftices are hereby autho- fence, rized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed, in cafe fuch Information (hall be exhibited, or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to fummon rhe Party accufed, and alfo the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fa£t; and upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Confeflidn of the Party accufed, to give Judgement or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch Penalty or Forfeiture (hall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, for levying ftlch Penalty and Forfeiture by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, (if any), after deducing fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cafe fufRcient Diftrefs (hall not be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to either of the Common Gaols or Houfe of Correction for the faid County of Wilts, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Conviction be fooner paid and difeharged; and one Moiety of fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, (hall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners, to be by them diftributed in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act dii ected.

XL. A.nd be it further enacted, That where any Debt (hall be due and |' v5aure?nC owing or demanded from any Two or more Perfons jointly by reafon or (ia'cafe of on account of iuch Perfons being Partners in Trade or otherwife jointly Co-panner-concerned., Service of fitch Summons as aforefaid, perfonally on any one 5e?medSer-of fuch Partners or Perfons, and Notice thereof left at the laft ufnnl Place vice on thc or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or ctUer* other Place of dealing, trading, or working, of the other or others of fuch Parmers or Perfons, and Proof of the Service of fuch Summons, and Notice thereof being made as aforefaid, (hall be as good and fufticientas if each of fuch Partners or Perfons were feparately fummoned as aforefaid.

XLI. And, for removing nil Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations Statute of may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requefls, it is hereby further en- J™jlba'il)* aOed and declared. That all Defendants in the faid Court (hall be allowed peldcd. to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in Force and Effect, and every Defendant fo pleading or claiming (hall have and receive fuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this Act had not been made, and he, (he, or they had been fued for the fame Debt or other Caufe of A6t;on in any of [Lot. & Psr.]	19 B	-C

1662	48’GEORGII III. Cap. 88.

His Majelly^ Courts of Record at Wejlminjlet\ or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

oScer1^ XLII. And be it further enacted, That it fliall be lawful to and for any lummon wit- Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants in any Suit or Caufe here-nciies. after depending in the faid Court of Requefts, to eaufe any Perfon or Per-fons redding within the Jurifdiction of the faid Court, to be warned or fummoned as often as fliall appear neceffary by the Serjeant or other Officer of the faid Court, either by ferving fuch Summons perfonally or by leaving the fame at the iaft or ufual Place or refpective Places of Abode of vvitmflcsnot fuch Perfon or Perfons, to appear as a Witnel's or Witnefl'es to give Evi-reiEgfor ^ence'm ^ie faid Court in or concerning any fuch Suit or Caufe ; and in f.ive Evidence cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be fummoned to give Evidence as and°tneDel?u' a^"ore^a^j fliall refule or negled to appear at the 'l ime and Place to which of Payment he, flie, or they fliall be fo fummoned, or appearing upon any fuch Summons tnltteJ °IU" fbaM re^e t0 examined upon Oath, or in cafe of a Quaker or Quakers, on folemn Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the laid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to adminiffer) and to give Evidence as aforefaid before fuch Commiffioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A£t, then and in either of the faid Cafes every fuch Perfon fo neglecting or refufing fliall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be awarded by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, unlefs a reafonable Excufe be offered to and allowed by the faid Commiffioners; and if the Perfon or Perfons fo offending fliall not forthwith pay into the faid Court the Penalty or Forfeiture fo impofed upon him, her, or them, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, to order and caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be apprehended by any of the Officers of the laid Court, and committed to either of the Common Gaols of the faid County of Wilts, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unlefs fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fliall be fooner paid ; and every fuch Penalty or Forfeiture as laft mentioned, which fliall be received by virtue of this Ad, fliall thereupon, after deciding the reafonable Coflsand Charges of apprehending and taking fuch Perfon or Perfons fo negleding or reiufing* be paid over into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifli wherein the Perfon or Perfons refpedively paying the lame fliall, at the Time of his, her, or their Negled or Refufal to appear or give Evidence as aforefaid, inhabit or dwell or feek a Livelihood, and fliall be applied towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parifli.

Fimifhmenrof XLIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons, upon «fPer'tirU lty Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners in any « itjuiN.	Caufe, or Matter depending in the faid Court of Requefts, or

before any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace ading in the Execution of this Act, fliall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or fliall wilfully and corruptly fwear any Matter or Thing which fliall be falfe or untrue, every ■fuch Perfon fo offending and being duly convided thereof, fliall be and is hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws, or Statutes in Force and Effcd, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjed and liable to.



XLTV. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Ad impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other wife pariRuLriy direded) ftjsdl be levied and recovered

by

1663

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 88.

by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners (which Warrant fuch Commiffioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Party or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifmg by fuch Diftrefs and Sale {hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting fuch Fines and Penalties, and the Cods and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs ; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwife applied) lhall be paid to the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, and {hall be by the faid Commiffioners diftri-buted amongfl the Poor of the faid Hundreds, or either of them, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them ffiall think right and proper ; and in cafe fuf-ficient Diftrefs ffiall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the faid County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof {hall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Convic-	Ccn^

tion ffiall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Act, vu 10 the Form cf Conviction lhall be in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to fay)

f DE it remembered. That, on this	Day	of

f ^	in	the	Year	of	the	Reign	of

A. B. is convicted before of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Wilts |[or, before	Three	of

the Commiffioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of V/eJtbury, Warm'mjler, Heytejbitry, and Damsrbam South, in the County of Wilts, of having [as the Offence Jhall be\ and 1 [or, we] the faid	do adjudge, him, [her or them] to forfeit

and pay for the fame, fuch Offence being contrary to the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here in/ert the Title of this Acl~\ the Sum of

. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Y ear aforefaid.”

XLVI. And be it further enaCted, That where any Diftrefs ffiall be d ftrefi. n^t 'made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Dif- w>mof fc? trels Itfelf ffiall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making Forn.. the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Befeft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor {hall the Party or Parties diftraimng be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which ffiall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity, ffiall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That no Order, Verdift, Affeff-ment, or Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning JjuXdW

any

1664

Want of

Plaintiffs not

without Notice, nor after Tender of Amends.

limintion of Adtcins.

TVs Atf not to extend to Coo'ptun,

Chamberlasn, and ceita n otiitr Places.

4§,i GHORGII III. Cap. 8$.

ally of the Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders against this Aft, ffiajl be quaffied or vacated for want of Form only.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall recover in any Aftion to be commenced again!! any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, unlcfs Notice in Writing (hall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days before fuch Aftion be commenced of fuch intended Aftion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifyirrg rhe Caufe of fuch Aftion; nor (hail the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Aftion brought ; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, by Leave of the Court after fuch Aftion (hall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (lie, or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgement ffiall be made and given in and by fuch Court as in other Addons where the Defendant h allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enafted. That no Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced againff any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, after Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and every fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County of Wilts and not elfewhere; and if any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought before Forty-two Days Notice (hall have been given, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plain-tiff/hall be nonfuited, or d: {continue his, her, or their Aftion or Suit, alter the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement ffiall be given again!! fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in evtrv fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants ffiall recover Cods, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath lor. Colts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

L. Provided always, and be it further enafttd, That nothing in this Aft contained ffiall extend or be conffrued to extend to the feveral ParifheS,

, Hamlets, or Ty things of Compton, Chamberlain, Darner ham South, Eqfl Martin, Wejl Martin, and Tidpitt, in die {aid Hundied of Darner ham South, nor to any Perfon or Perlbns inhabiting, redding, or being Within the fame Pariffies, Hamlets, 'or Tythings, or any or either of them.

Id. And be it further enafted. That this Aft ffiall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and ffiall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juitices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Frinters to the King’s moft Excellent Majtfty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

Cap. 89.

An Aft for the better and more eafy rebuilding of the Town of Chudleigh in the County of Devon; for determining Differences touching Houfes demolifhed by the late Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire.

[ill June i8o8."J

WHEREAS the greatefl: Part of the Town of Chudleigb, in the County of Devon, hath been burnt down by a dreadful Fire, which happened on Friday the Twenty-fecond Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and feven, the rapid Destruction of whicn is principally attributed to the general ufe of Thatch j and divers Suits and Controversies are likely ro arife between the Proprietors of and Pcr-fons interefted in Houles and Lands there, tending (if not prevented) to their great Vexation and Damage, and hindering the rebuilding the Paid Town : Therefore, to remedy the fame, and alio to promote the rebuilding of the laid Town, and to prevent further Danger by Fire, be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majcfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That the Vicar of Chudleigh for the Time being, John Polltxfen cOmn-.iffion. £Z.or. fc? Per.2	19	D	Bajlard	er

i6;o	48° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Bafia'd and Edmund Baftard Efquires, Sir Lawrence Polk Baronet, James Tempter, John Tempter, George Tempter, Montague Edmund Parker Pierce, Jofeph Taylor, Frederick' Curfidd, Montague Edmund Parker Junior, Francis Parker and Edward Mendows, E quires; die Reverend John Templar, John Swete, John Lane KI [on, John Comyns, John Garrett, Henry Mugg, Wiliam Frederick Bay Icy, "John, Hdl and Jofeph Domett Clerks, William Thomffon, Thomas Mitchell, Chriftopber Hettyer, Mark George Dollinv, William Bond, William Stidjion, John Pulling, John Gamier and Thomas Tarde, Gentlemen \ Sir Henry GartW and Sir William Tempi er Pete, Baronets; Edward Downs, Will:am Courtenay, Arthur Champernowne, George Cary, James Buller, Arthur Holdfworth, William Adams, George Templar, William Jackfon, Charles Short, John Cole, John Fownes, Robert RuffelL Charles Biooke, Abraham Moore, George Amdrofe Rhodes, Mifrd, Matthew Louis, John P erring, and Samuel Dr ewe. Inquires j and the Reverend John Buckland Clerk, the Reverend Wehand, Robert Abraham, (hall be and are hereby conftitutcd and appointed Commif-fioners tor executing the federal Powers and Authorities given and Mee'in»*of	granted to arid vefted in them by this Aft i and that the laid Com-

Comr.mkn* -m .'dinners, or any Seven or more of them, jit ting at the fame Tune together at fome convenient Place within the faid lcwn, lhall be and by the Authority of this A& are made and condituted a Court of Record; and the faid Commiluoners, or any Seven or more of them, (hall hold their Firlt Meeting on the Firft Day of July, or as loon ’aferwards as conveniently may be, and fhail then and at every fubfequent Meeting adjourn themfelves; and if at any Time it lhall happen that there (hall not be a fufficient Number to act at fuch Meeting, and to adjourn, that then and in all fuch Cafes the faid Commifiioners, or any Seven or more of them, lhall. meet on that Day Fortnight, to be accounted from the Day of their laft Meeting or intended Meeting, and that in the mean Time no Meeting lhall be held by any Number of Commidioners for or under the Pretence of executing the Purpofes of this Act; and if any fuch Meeting or pretended Meeting lhall be had in fuch Intervals as afor-Did, that all Orders therein made, and all Bufmefs there tranfadled, T^t^vs (hall be deemed utterly vo d and of no Effect} and the Clerk of the laid K?enVn be Commidioners (hail, previous to every Meeting to be held as aforelaid, Pera t, of 5I. cauft; Notice in W iling of the Day appointed for every fuch Meeting to be affixed on the Door of the Church in the fa d Town of Cbudleigh, and (hall alfo cau'e fuch Norue to be ad vert ifcd in TrewmaAs Exeter Paper, or fome other publick Newipaper printed at Exeter, at kali Tun Days before fuch Meeting; and fuch Clerk lhall, for each and every Default thereof, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dillrds and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch C erk, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal cf any One Jufiice of the Peace for the faid County of Devon, and all the faid Meetings (hall be held at fome convenient Place within the faid Town of Cbudleighand the Did Commidioners, or any Seven or more of them, lhall and ate hereby authorized, from Time to Time, fumcnarily and w.thout the Foi> mahbes of Proceedings in Courts ot Law or Equity, either by Verdict or Inquilition of Jurors, Teftimony of Witneflfcs upon Oath, Examination of Parties inrerelted, or by all nr any of the Did Ways, or otherwik ac their Dilcretions, to hear and determine all Differences and Demands whatfoever which have a;ilen os may arile or be claimed by or between Proprietors,

,	Landlord.',

1671

48° GEORGJI III.	Cap.Sc).

Landlords, Tenants, L<-(Tees, Undertenants, or late Occup:ers of any the Houfes or Buildings burnr, pulled down, or orherwie drm< llbed or damaged by or by realon of the faid Fire, or of any Courts, Yards, Gardens, or Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or by or between any Prrfon or Perf ns, Bodies P- litick or Coiporate, having or claiming any Eftate,

Righr, Title, Inte^efl in Law or Equity, Truft, Charge, or Incumbrances, in, to or upon rhe fame, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors, Admi-niftrators, Succeffors or Affigns, or any other Perfon, for touching or concerning the repairing, building or not building of the (aid Houfes or Bui'dings and Premifes, or for or concerning the Payment, Dcfalca ion, apportioning or Abatement of any Rent or Rents for Hou'es or Buildings burned or deftroyed by the faid Fire (other than Arrears of Rent due before the faid Fire}, or for or touching anv Covenant, Condition, or Penalty relating thereunto, or for touching cr concerning the prefixing or limiting of any Time for fuch Repairs or new Buildings, or any Rare or Contribution to be borne or paid for and towards the repairing and rebuilding of the faid Houfes, by any Perfon or Perfons, B >dies Politick or Corporate, or Truftees interefted in the Premifes, and all Incidents relating thereunto, fubjeft neverthtlefs to the Directions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions herein-aftcr expreffed; and that the definitive Order of the faid Court (hall be binding between the faid Parties, the*r Heirs, Crs"to'L°n Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors, and Affigns, and all claiming by, binding, from, or under them, as touching the M tters contained in fuch Orders, for which there fhall be no Appeal otherwife than herein- fter is mentioned, nor fhall any Writ of Error or Certiorari lie for the R^m-val or Reverlal cf the fame.

II. And, for the better enabling the' faid Commiffioners to proceed with Parties ani Effcd in executing the Purpofis of this A6f, be it enabled by the Autho-	um

rity aforefaid, Thar rhe faid Commiffioners, or any Seven or more of montd. them as aforefaid. 11 all and raav iffue out Summonfes under iheir Hands, or the H inds of any Three of them, thereby warning the Perf n or Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corpora'e (herein named, to appear before them, as Parties, Witneffes, or otherwife, at fuch P ace and fuch Time, not lefs than Ten Days alter the iffuir.g of fuch refpedlive Summons, as in fuih Summons or Summonfes (hall in that Behalf be fpeofted ; and upon Appearance of the faid P rfon or Perfons fo fummoned, or upon Default of Appearance and Oath made of due Notice given to him, her, or them, which Oath and all other Oaths neceffary for executing the Purpofes of this Act, the faid Gommifii .ners, or any Two of them, a:e hereby enabled to admin iter, the laid Ccmnv.moners, or any Seven or more of them, may proceed to make fuch definitive Orders aforefaid; and ihac fuch Service of the faid Summons or Summonfes as is ufually deemed to be good Seivice in Cafes of Subpoena fhall be accounted ro be good Service in ihe Cales aforefaid : Saving always, that when any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick 01 Corporate lo to be lummoned at the Time of iffuing iuch Summons fhall be beyond the Seas, or cannot be found to be fummoned, that no Proceeding (hail he thereupon had until after Six Months then next following, and then (Gath having been made of endeavouring to ferve the faid Summons) the laid Courc (hall and may proceed as if the faid Party or Wicnefs h<-d been a&ualiy fummoned, u»l< fs H	the

1672

May order ♦lie granting, enlarging,

arvrmg.ne-, txch-ng ng,

&c. of anyV Edates in 1 he Premifes,

Cafes of anti 1 t a -ctif-lomable Rent}

end nr av make R lies and Dneffions

the Builuings.

If the Foundation be not 1-id in Five Years, and the Houf-s rebunt wiihin a r;af n ,ble Time, tiit Co.irt may let the Prenufes on Kuilding Laics-

4S" GEORGI1 III, Cap. 89.

the faid Party or Witnefs fo abfent, upon a new Summons after his or their Return, or being found, fhall fooner appear

Ili. And, for determining all Differences and Demands between Proprietor?, Landlords, Tenants, Lefiecs, Under Tenants, or late Occupiers of any of the Iloufes or Buildings atoreldid, be it further enaifed by the Authority aforefaid, That the laid Comniiftioners, or any Seven or more of them as aforefaid, fhall and may and they are hereby empowered, where they fhail judge it rr-afonable, to order, under and lubje<5t to the Reftricliors hertin-after expre (Ted, the granting, enlarging, charging, abridging, exchanging, furrendering, or determining of any Eftates in the premifes, by the Proprietors, Landlords, Tenants, or other Performs interefted therein, thtir Heirs, Executors, Adminiftratofs, Succef-fors, or Afiigns, at fuch Rents or Fines, or upon Inch Terms and Conditions as they fhall think fit, unlels in Inch Cafes where the Laws of this Realm do forbid the diminifiling of ancient and accuftcmable Rent; and that all Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Pcrfons of non-fane Memory or beyond the Seas, Tenants in Tail, Bifhops, Deans and Chapters, Colleges, and other Lcclefiadical Perfons, anti Bodies Corporate, and their SucccfiLr.-, and all other Prrfon and Pcrfons, Bodies Natural and Politick, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Succeffors, and their refpec-tivc Intert ft , fhall be bound and concluded by fuch refpedtive Orders, fubjrft nevertheiefs to fuch Appeal and Determination as herein-after is mentioned.

IV.	Ard be it further enafled by the Authority aforefaid, That the faid Co.Mt fhall have Power and Authority to make and appoint, from Time to Time, fuch Rules and Dire&ions in the Forms and Orders of Buildings, to be obferved in the Re-edifying Or Repairing of fuch Houfes or other Buildings as were demoliilied or damaged by or by Reafon of the faid late Fire, or any of them, and of all other Buildings made or to be made from the Time of the laid Fire to the Time of making fuch Order, as they fhail think fit and convenient for the bttter Security and Ornament of the faid Town, and that all fuch Buildings and Reparations (hall be pmfuant to fuch Rules and Directions; and that in cafe the Proprietors or Owners of the Houfes or Buildings demolifhtd cr damaged by or by Reafon of the faid Fire, their Heirs, Executors, Admimftrators, Succeffors, or Affigns, (hall not within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from tre Twenty-feccnd Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eight, Ly the Foundation of thrir Houfes orBoiidings to be rebuilt, and the fame fhall nor, within a reafonable Time to be limited by the faid C urt, be repaired or rebuilt, then upon fuch Default the faid Court fhall have Power and Authority by their O.der and Decree to difpofe of the Ground and Premifes fo unbuilt, and of all Couits, Yards, Gardens, and other Appurtenancts thereunto belonging, upon any Lrafe or Leafes, fpr any Tt rit riot exceeding Five hundred Years, to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons, Bod es Politick or Corporate, as will rebuild the fame, and to their F.xecutcrs, Adminiflrators, SuccdLrs, and Aftigns, and that the laid Court fhall and may appoint the Terms and Conditions, and the Fine and referved kenrs to be paid cn fuch Leafe or Leafrs; and that, for the Letter perfedmg of fuch Leafe or Leafes, the laid Court fhall and may

order

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 89.	1673

order and decree any Surrender or Surrenders to be made of all Eftates or Inierefts for Life or Lives or Years, to the Proprietors or Owners of the Inheritance or the faid Grounds and Premifes, their Hens or Affigns, or other Perfons interefted therein, where iuch Surrenders lhall be deemed necefiary for the Purpofes aforefaid; and that the laid Court (hall and may appoint what Sum of Money or other Satisfaction the Perfon or Perfons fo undertaking to rebuild ihall give to the Proprietors or Owners of the faid Grounds and Premifes, and all'o to fuch Tenant or Tenants who lhall be ordered to iurrender their Ettates and Interefts as aforefaid.

V.	And, for the better regulating the new building of the faid demo-

lilhed or damaged Houfes or Buildings, be it further enacted. That the j™heFoun-faid Court (hail by Authority of this Aft have Power to order or direft any Alterations in the Foundations thereof, by taking and giving b/excliaVged. Ground from one to another by Way of Exchange, as (hall in their Judgement be expedient for the better rebuilding of the Pieu'iles; and th*t the laid Court (hall appoint: what Sum of Money or o;her Satisfact on lhall be paid or made by the Perfon or Perlons, Bodh s Politick or Corporate, having Benefit by Inch Alterations, unto the Owner or Owners or other Perfons interefted therein, fo as luch Exchange lo to be made be of Lands held by the lame Tenure.

VI.	And, in cafe any of the faid Parties will not, or through any Difabiluy> by Non-age, Coverture, Ncn-fanity, efpeeial Inrail, Settle- jilijed by

ment, or other Impediment cannot fubmit to the Award of the faid Lsw^to fUomit Court, touching the Su.ua to be-pain, or $<msfaftion to be made on theCpwifniay account of fuch Alterations, or to the Order of the faid Court, touching Precepw the Fines or referved Rents to be paid by the Rebuilders <J the faid jpgJj5Jy?" Houfes or Buddings, be it enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That in whoftanaiW* eirher of the faid Cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lid 3^!^! Court from Time io Time to iftcie out a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or penes. Precepts, figeed by Three or more of the faid Commiflioners, direfted to the Sheriff of the County of Devon, who is hereby authorized and direfted to obey the fame, to imparmel and return Twenty-four honeft, fubftantial, and difinterefted Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries, and out of luch Perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Perfons fhall be drawn by the faid Court, in Rich Manner as Juries lor the.Trials of Iffues joined in His Majefty’s Court at IVeflminJier are, by an Aft made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majcfty King Georgs the Second, intituled, An Aft for the better regulating of Juries, cirefted to be drawn, and under the like Penalties in default of Appearance as by the faid Aft are din fted, which Penalties the faid Commiflioners lhall have Power to inflict* and that all Parties concerned (hall and may have their lawful Challenges again!! any of the faid Jurymen; which Jury, upon their Oaths to be adminiftcred by the faid Court, are to alfefs luch Damages and Recompences as they (hall adjudge fit and reafonable to be awarded to the Proprietors or Owners of the faid Grounds and Premifes, and to fuch Tenant or Tenants who (hall be ordertd to make any Surrender or Surrenders for the Purpofes aforefaid, accord 1 ig to their relpeftive Intercft* in the fame; and the laid Tury (hall [Lee. & Ptr.~\	19	E	'	likewife'

1674-	4^	GEORG 11 M< Cap.ty.

r-, fikewife award ahd dercrm ine ffich Fines and referred Rents arf they (halt '	-	q think reafonable, to be paid bv the Rebuilders of the frid Houfeg. and

Buildings to the Proprietors or Owners negle&ing or refufing to rebuild the fame as aforefaid ; and upon Payment or Sacisfa&ioo, of what Ihailf be fo awarded and decermintd, or upon Tender and .Refufal thereof, the interefts of all Peifons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, in the fa id Grounds, and Premifes, fliall be bound and concluded, and the frme (hail remain to and for fuch Ufes and Purpofes, confident with the Dire&ions ol this, finetheShrrifT as l^e ^0Urt fhall order and dire#; and the kid Court (ball his officer, or have Power and Authority from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable Lda* kln'th* ^'ne or ^*nes on fuch Sheriff", his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, preraW,nand* making Default in the Premifes; and on any of the Perlons that fhall be alfoon wit- fummoned and returned on fuch Jury and fhall not appear, er ihat (hall Swned'and	refufe to be fworn on the laid Jury, or being fworn fhall refufe to give or

refufing to	(hall not give their Veididf, or (hall in any other Manner wilfully negieft

give6Evidence l^e,r ^ut>' herein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Perfons, who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury, touching the faid Premifes, fhall refufe or neglett to appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy fuch Fine or Fines by Warrant of Diftrefs, under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of the faid Commiflicners, and Sale of bis and their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand, fo as no fuch Fine fhall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds upon fuch Sheriff or his Under-fheriff, and Forty Shillings upon any other Perfon, for any one Offence; and all fuch Fines fhall be applied and paid into the general Fund raifed and collected for the Benefit of the Sufferers by the faid Fire.

street* and VII. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That the be^Sged7 fe'd Court (hall from Time ro Time order and decree the Enlargement or under certain Alteration of any of the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Paffages, or other Reftnftions. pjaces 0f pUblick Ufe for the better Conveniency thereof: Provided always, that the faid Orders (hall not extend to the pulling down or demo-lilhing of Houfes heretofore built, and which were not in any Degree-or at leaft not materially damaged by the faid Fire; and provided alfo, that the faid Orders (hall not extend to the taking away the Ground or Soil of any Perfon or Perfons, Bodit-s Politick or Corporate, or others, otherwile Places to be than to enlarge or alter the Paffages, Streets, and Places herein-after par* enlarged. 'tfcularly mentioned and deferibed (that is to fay) to enlarge and widen the principal Street, being Part of the great Weftern Road leading from the City of Exeter to the Borough of Plymouth, to the Extent of Sixteen Feet on each Side of the Crown or Centre of the faid Street, makings clear Space of Thirty-two Feer, according to a Line already marked out by the Committee and principal Inhabitants of the faid Town,- and agreed to .by the refpeffive Owners of the Sites of Houfes which border upon the “faid Street (that is to fry) pn the Northern Side of the faid Street from a Dwelling Houfe of John Smallndge, occupied by James Babbage and others, at the Eaftem Extremity ot the Fire to the End of the Parifh Workhoufe on the Weft, both Houfes inclufive; and on the Southern Side of the faid Street from a Dwelling HoUfe ofOliver Plymfole, occupied by Wiillatn Limon, at "the £aftrrn Extremity of the Fire, to-a

Dwelling

48°GfcORGII III. Gap.. 89,	167$

Dwelling Ho.ufe of Jtfepb Ceilings, occupied by William Gretaway, on the Weft, both Houles incluftyet Provided a ftp, that it (ball and may be lawful fur the faid Court to allot and affign to the feveral Proprietors of J^nr'|,e thefald Grounds, Houles, and other Buildings, according to their refpec- S'tistacuonra tive Interefts therein, fuch Satisfaftion as to the faid .Court lhali Lem p'J^ttors meet; and in cafe the faid Proprietors will not, or through any fuch Dif- for their Inability 01 other Impediment as before in this Aft is expreffed, cannot ^oundl/*^’ fubntit to the Decree of the faid Court, that in fuch Cafe the faid Court fhall in the Manner above preferibed, and purfuant to the Direftions herein-before given, caufe a Jury to be fummoned, which Jury lhali appear under the Penalties above-mentioned in default of Appearance, and on their Oaths, to be adminiftered as aforefaid, aflefs fuch Recoin* pence and Satisfaftion as they lhali adjudge reafonable to be awarded to fuch Proprietors for the faid Houfes and Premifes; and upon Payment or Satisfaftion of what lhali be fo awarded, or Tender and Refufal thereof, the Interefts of the faid Proprietors (hall be bound and concluded; and the faid Premifes. lhali remain to and for fuch Ufes and Purpofes, confiltent with the Direftions of this Aft, as the. laid Court lhali direft,

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Money, (hall be agreed or Application directed to be paid for. any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- w?'erf chafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of this Aft, which (hall belong to any amounting to Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, I<ioL Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, Femes Covert, orother incapacitated Perfon or Perfons, fuch Money (hall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred,Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Cammiflioners for executing this AS, to the Indent that fufti Money ;lhall be paid: under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments in the Purchafe of the Land Tax or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing fettled to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes, or where fuch Money lhali not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be conveyed aqd fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Hereditaments which fhall be lo. purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid. Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at thfe Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifttng undetermined and capable of taking Effeft; and in the meat) Time, and until fuch Purchafe lhali be made, the : faid Money (ball, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the (aid Accountant General In his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Con-; - T	folidated

1676	48°	GEORGII	HI. Cap. 89.

folidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annul lies, and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annuities (ball be ordered by tne laid Court to be fold for the Purpyies aforefaid, die Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidared or,Reduced Bank Annnitics lhall trom Time to Time be paid by Order cf the laid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would lor the Tme being have been erAtlrd to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchaied, in cafe fuch Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application IX. Provided always, and be it fuithcr enacled. That if any Money fo Compenfition a»reec^ or directed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-is lei! than	ments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes afortfaici, and bclung-

exccedV^ol	*nS to any Body Politick, or to any Perfon orPerions under any Difibility

or Incapacity as aforrfaid, (ball, be lefs than the Sum ol Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons lor the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before direded, or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Commifiioners for executing this Ad (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied :n any Manner herein-before direded, fo far as the Cafe (hail be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diiedion or Application of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That when fuch Money, fo agreed or direded to be paid as herein-before mentioned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame lhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad, in	fuch Manner as the	faid Com-

miffioners, or any Thiee or more of them, fhall think fit; or	in cafe of

Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpcdively.

In cafe of not	XI. And be it further enaded, That	in cafe the Perfon or	Perfons to

making out	whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall	be awarded or direded	to be paid

for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaied by virtue of this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or ‘hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfadion of the faid Commifiioners; or in cale the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Mon-y 9	(holt

Application when the Money is lefs than aol.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.	i$77

fliall be fo awarded or direfted to be paid as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difcoverecj, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhali be lawful for the laid Commidioners to order the Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded or direffed to be paid as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \de-feribing them], fubjecl to the Order, Cor.tr ul, ard Difp' fition of the laid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or a y part thereof, bv Motion or Petition, fhali be and is hereby em; owe red in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the fame Court fhali feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpeftive Eftare or Eftates, Title or Imeieft, of the Perfon or Perfohs making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhali feem juft and realonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who fhali receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipe-cifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhali pay any fuch Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Perfotisin Quertion lhall 2rife, touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfons to any

Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the ^eil MitiUed Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance unlefsthe of this Aft, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or H. red it aments,	be

or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft, in any Lands, Tenements, o- Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perlon or Perfons who lhall have been in ' PolLflion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Pc fon cr Perfons, or under the P jftrffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhali be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poff flion, until the contrary fhali he ft ewn to the Satisfaftion of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividend^ or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be pu chafed witn fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhali be paid, applied, and dif-pofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhaJl be made appear to the faid Court that fuch PolFfiion was a wrongful Pofteffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That where by reafon T’le Court of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation, £ar0nabie entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaied Expmcoof under the Anrhority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame fhali Purc^(j-sto

lUcVPcr.]	'	be&.

1678	4^*	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 89.

be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Act, it (hall be lawful for the fa d Court to order

the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this ACt, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court lhall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Pur poles as the faid Court (hall direCt.

The Grounds XIV. And be it enaCled by the Authority aforefaid, That all the added to the Ground and Soil upon which the Houfes, Tenements, and other Build-bthuil^on.10 *ngs> 1° 10 he taken in and added to the faid Streets and other Places of publick Ufe, now (land or formerly (food, (hall for the future be deemed and ufed as Parts of the faid Streets and other Places, in or adjoining to which the fame Ground or Soil do or (hall refpe&ively lie; and that no Building whatfoever (hall hereafter be ere&ed upon or over the lame Ground or Soil, or any Part thereof.

rebuilding, where any

Rebuikter allowed 51, per £ent« In-terelt * and if

within Two Years then upon Tender ot the reaf'on-able Worth of the Eftate, he may hold the Houre in his own Right.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That in cafe it (hall happen that there were Two or more Cup rtners, joint Tenants or Tenants in common of any Houfe or Houfes burnt or demolifhed by the f iid late Fire, or that Two or more Perfons, B dies Politick or Corporate, had feveral Eftates or Interefts in feveral Rooms, Stories, or Parts of any fuch Houfe or Houfes burnt or demolilhed, and that fome One of them is defirous and willing to build the fame, or fuch Part, Room, or Story of or in the fame, as to him, her, or them doth or may appertain according to his or their Eft te or Intereft as aforefaid ; and that any other of the Copartners, joint Ter ants, Tenants in common, or others having fuch feveral Eftate or Intereft as aforefaid in any of the Rooms, Stories, or Parts thereof, (hall delay or refule to join in building the fame, or to contribute and continue his, her, and their reafonable Part and Portion towards the Charge thereof, or (hall by Difagrccment among themfeives obftruCt or hinder the making of Party Walls entire and upright, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of fuch Copartners, joint Tenants, Tenants in common, or others having Eftate or Intend in any of the Rooms, Stories, or Parts thereof as aforefaid, that will rebuild the faid Houfe or Houfes, to caufe fuch Houfe or Iiuufes to be wholly rebuilc in fuch Sort or Manner as the fame was before the faid late Fire, or as near thereunto as conveniently may be, Refpect being had to the different Interefts of the Parties concerned as aforeiaid, and the fame Houfe or Houfes fo rebuilc to hold and enjoy to his, her, and their own proper Ufe and Benefit, until that he, (lie, or they (ball be fatisfied and reimburftd all or fo much of the Charge of fuch Building as in a due Proportion ought to have been contributed and allowed towards the building thereof by fuch Copartners, joint Tenants, Tenants in common, or others having fuch Eftate or Intereft as aforefaid, according to his, her, or their Eftate or Intereft therein as aforefaid, together with Intereft for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Forbearance thereof, to be accounted from the covering of the faid Building j and in cafe of Negleft or Refufai to fatisfy and pay

fuch

1679

48° GEORG 11 IN. Cap. 89.

fuch Proportion of the Charge of rebuilding thereof by the Spare of Two Years, to be accounted from the covering as aforefaid, that (hen it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Rebuff ers, from and after the End and Expiration of the faid Two Years, to be accounted as aforelaid, paying to fuch Copartners, joint Tenants, Tenan s in common, or others having fuch Eft te or Intereft therein as aforelaid, fo much as fuch their Eftate or Intereft (hall be reafonably worth, or upon Tender and Refuial thereof, to hold and enjoy fuch Houfe or H;ufes fo rebunt as afor fiid, wholly and entirely againft the Parties fo refuting, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, Sycceflbrs, and A Signs, for and during the Continuance of fuch Joint or other Eftate or In rereft aforelaid, as the Party or Parties by whom fuch Houfe or Houfes (hall be fo rebuilt had in the fame, or in any Room, Story, or any Part thereof j and in cafe any Di - All Differ-ference (hall happen between fuch Builders and 4ny of the Parties refu- °.y th# ling to build as aforefaid, concerning the Charge of rebuilding the fame, Court of a or concerning the Value of the Eftate or Intereft of the Parties fo refu- JUI7* fing to build as aforefaid, and what Money ought to be paid or given for the fame by fuch Rtbuiider, after fuch Time and in Manner aforefaid 5 or in cafe of any Difagreement among the refpe&ive Owners having fever al Eftates or In ter efts as aforefaid in any of the Rooms, Stories, or Parts of fuch Houfe or Houfes which may obftrutt the making of Party Walls entire and upright, that then all fuch Difagreements and Differences (hall be referred to the Examination of the faid Court, who Ihall hear and finally determine the famej and in cafe any of the faid Parties will not, or through any fuch Disability or other Impediment as before in in this Adi exprelfed cannot fubm t (o the Decree of the faid Courr, that in fuch Cafe the faid Court (hall, in the Manner above preferibed, and pur-fuant to the Directions herein-before given, caufe a Jury to be lummoned, which Jury (hall appear, under the Penalties above mentioned on Default of Appearance, and on their Oaths to be adminiftered as a orefaid, aftefs the Value of the Effate and Intereft of the Parties fo negltdir.g or refu-fing, and decree what Money ought to be paid for the fame by iuch Rebuilders as aforefaid, and likewife what Satisfa&ion fhall b“ made to any Perfon or Perfons damnified by any Order touching the m iking of any Party Wallj and upon Payment or Satisfaction of what fhall be fo afieffed or decreed, or Tender and Refufal thereof, the Intereft of all fuch Parries fo negledling or refufing (hall be bound and concluded, and the Premifes (hall remain to and for fuch Ufes and Purposes, confident with the Directions of this A£t, as the faid Court (hall direct.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforefaid, Thirty Days That the faid Commifiioners (hall rot proceed to hear and determine any Differences and Demands touching or concerning the repairing or builc-ing of any Hou/es or other Edifices, or to grant Leafes of any Houles, £ * Buildings, Lands, or Appurtenances, or to appoint or decree any Fine c*ed to deter^ or rtferved Rent to be paid, or to take and give any Ground by Way ot m,n- an> Dif* Exchange, or to order any Surrender or Surrenders to be made under the terence*’ Authority of this Ad?, without previous Notice in Writing being given to the rtfpedlive Parties interefted in the Determination of luch Differences or Demands, or in the granting fuch Leafes, or the making fuch Exchanges, or in his, her, or their Abfence, left at his, her, or their Place of Refi-

dence.

j&8o

Building Leafe* declared void where the Foundations (hall nor be laid within Six Months, and covered in within the Time limited by the Court.

All Buildings to be covered with Lead, Slate, or Tile,

cceded againft

and if not** ’ reclifted after Notice given, the Offender to forfeit ios. per Week.

4.8* GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 89.

(fence, at leaft Thirty Days before tht-ir making any flick Determination, Order, Regulation, or Decree as aforelaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or Perions, to whom any fuch Leafe or Leafes fhali'have been fo made and granted by the Order and Direction of the faid Court as aforefaid, Ihall not, within the Space of Six Months, to be computed from the Date of the faid Leafe or Leafes, lay the Foundations of a Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes upon the Ground or So l to him or them rr ir. e 1 or leafed, and fhali nor, within a reafonable T me to be limited by :he laid Coy t, cover in the la the, that then the faid Leafe Ihall be and is hereby re laied to be void; and the L flee fo making Default (h all forfeit to the Lefior all Inch Sum or Sums of Money as fhali have been paid by or be then due from fuch Leflee, for or in Confideration of fuch Leaf.

XVIII.	And, for the preventing future Danger by Fire, be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That all H >ufe% Outhoufes, Walls, and other Buildings now ftandi g and cred ng fince the late Fire, or hereafter to be built or repaired within and on fuch Parts and Plice* of the faid Town as are herein-afler particularly mentioned and deFcnbed, fhali be covered with Lead, Slate, or Tile, or any Plaifter aot being eombuftible and rot other wife (that is to lay), all Houfes, Outhoules, Walls, and other Buildings now (landing eroded fince the faid Fire, or hereafter to be built on any Part of thar Piece or Parcel of Ground called or known by the Name of The Market Place, and alfo on any Part of the before mentioned principal Street, extending from the faid John Smallbridge's and Oliver Ply male's. late Dwelling Iloufes at the EH iind of the faid Town of Chualeigh to the fiiid Parilh Woikhoufe, and the faid Jofeph Pollings*s late Dwelling Houfe at the Weft End of the faid Town, all Four Houfes included, and alfo on any Part of a Street or Lane called Mill Lane, from its Entrance at the Market Place to the Site of a Dwelling Houfe of Mr?. Mary Tackett, lately occupied by Thomas Babbage on one Side, and the Site of a Male Houfe belonging to and occupied by John Tuckett on the other Side ; and alfo on any Part of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground called The Cottage; and alfo on any Part of a Street called Culver Street, from its Entrance to the Market Place to the Site of a Stable beionging to William Wright, and occupied by John Wright on the one Side, and the Site of a Dwelling Houfe belonging to and occupied by James Hore on the other Side; and alfo on any Part of a Street or Way called IVoodway, leading from the faid principal Street to the Site of a Dwelling Houfe of James Algar, occupied by John Hayes on the one Side, and the Outhoules belonging to Richard Taylor on the other Side; and that all Houfes, Outhoules, Walls, and other Buildings, of what Nature or Kind foever, now (landing ereded fince the laft Fire, or hereafter to be built or to be repaired, on any Part or Parts of the aforementioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground or Places, which (hall be covered or repaired contrary to this Ad; and all Houfes built contrary to the Form, Order, and Diredion of the laid Court, fhali be adjudged and are hereby declared to be common and puolick Nuifances, and be proceeded againft and dealt with accordingly ; and if any Perfon being guilty of fuch Nuifance fhali, for the Spate of

One

16 8.*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

One Calendar Month after Notice given by any One or more Juftice or Jufiices of the County of Devon, refufe or negleft to remove, redrefs, and rectify the fame, every Pcrfon fo offending (hall, for every Week fuch Nuilance (hall continue uuremoved and unredtified as aforefa.d, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered by Plaint,

Bill, or Information, in any of His Majcfty's Courts of Record, by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, with full Colls of Suit, in which no Efloign, Protedtlon, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed,

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Proprietor or Owner Thatched of any thatched Houfes, thatched Wails, or other thatched Buildings,which J j{ were not deltroyed or conlumed by the faid lace Fire within the Town of ihelate i"re Chudleigb aforefa'd, fhall be compelled to cover the fame with Lead, Slate to rcmam' or Tile, or Plaifter, not being ccmbuftible as aforefaid, during the

Space of Twenty Years, to be computed from the before-mentioned Tvventy-fecond Day of May One choufund eight hundred and feven ; nor fhall any fuch thatched Walls, or other thatch Buildings above mentioned, be deemed common publick Nuifances, or be indi&able or prefectable as fuch, at any Time within the faid Space of Twen y Years.

XX.	And whereas great Apprehenfion of Fire arifes from the Neglefl Rewards for of the Inhabitants of the faid Town as well Lodgers and Inmates as FiJeTrHo0 Houfekeepers, in not caufing their Chimnies to be duly fwept, be it be pnia i>y therefore further enabled by the Authority aforefaid. That when and fo 0ccuvler:,‘ *c* often as any Chimney or Chimnies belonging to any Houfe or Houles in

the faid Town (hall be on Fire, the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Room or Apartment to which any fuch Chimney belongs, being a Lodger or Inmate to or with any Tenant, Renter or Holder of any Houfe or Building of which fuch Room or Apartment i* part, or if fuch Chimney belong not to any fuch Lodger or Inmate, then the Tenant, Renter, or Occupier of the Houfe or Building wherein any fuch Chimney fhall be on Fire, (hall pay to the Keeper of the Fire Engine in the Lid Town, or the Perfon appointed by him who (hail h ip to extinguifh any Fire happening or beginning in any Chimney as aforefaid, if loch Engine be in good Order and complete, fuch Sum as One Juftice of the Peace for the County of Devon, upon the Application and Complaint of fuch Engine Keeper or other Perfon as aforefaid, and hearing juftice of the Party or Parties complained againfl, fhall under his Hand and Seal FeacP enat,lecI ' award and direft, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings; and to lint™ * the End the faid Juftice may be the better enabled to award and dirt (SI what may in any fuch Cafe be juft and reafonable, fuch Juftice fhall and may fummon before him, after any fuch Complaint made, the Party'and Parties complained againfl, and all Perfons fit to give Evidence touch ng the Premifes of whom he fhall have Notice or Information, and (hall and may examine them and every of them upon Oath (which Oath luch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to adminiftcrj; and if the Party or Parties corn plained’ againfl being fummoned do not appear, the faid Juftice (ball and may proceed 10 examine the Matter of the Complaint and fuch Evidence as is produced, and to make fuch Award arid 1_£gL Per.~\	1 g G	Dire&ion

l6%2

ToV>e levied by £>iftrels.

fhe Court

may on'er

Perfons leaving Waggon* or Carts, or laying Rub-bifh down in the Stieets, iubjedted to Pcnal^e*.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Diredion thereupon as (hall be juft-, and as if the Party or Parties making fuch Default of Appearance had been prefent and heard his, her, or their Defence; and if any Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded anu direded to be paid to any fuch Engine Keeper, or fuch Perfon as aforefaid appointed by him, be not fo paid within Seven Days after Demand thereof made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for luch Engine Keeper, or other Perfon as aforefaid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice (which Warrant the faid Juftice is hereby authorized to make), to levy every fuch Sum or Sums as lhall have been fo awarded and directed by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties making Default cf Payment, or of any Goods and Chattels found in the Room or Apartment to which fuch Chimney where fuch Fire began belongs, or in any other Part of any Houfe or Building whereof fuch Room or Apartment is Part.

XXI.	And, fo'afmuch as great Inconvenience has been experienced by the Inhabitants of the faid Town by the frequent Overflowing of the Rain and Pot Water in the faid principal Street near the Centre of the faid Town ; therefore, to remedy the fame, be it enacted by the Authority aforefaid,. That the faid Court (hall have Power and Authority ro dirrd and order the Ground in the faid principal Street, extending from the Eaft End of the Site of a Houfe lately occupied by Richard Taylcrt Poftmafter* to the Weft End of the Site of a Houfe lately occupied by ‘Thornes Martin, to be raifed and filled up fo many Feet as (hall be neceffary for the Purpole of making a Drain or Sewer of fufiicient Size to carry off the faid Water from the faid Streer, by and at the Expence of the Houfeholders Inhabi-rants of the laid Town, and fuch Drain or Sewer to be from thenceforth for ever thereafter repaired, fcoured, and maintained by and at the like Expence of the faid Houfeholders Inhabitants of the faid Town, and in fuch Manner as the faid Court fhall dired or appoint, fuch Expences to be from Time to Time paid and defrayed by fuch Houfeholders Inhabitants of the faid Town, by a Rate to be made upon them in proportion to the Rates upon them rtfpedively affcflVd towards the Maintenance of the Poor of the Parilh of Chudleigh aforefaid, under the Authority and Direction of the faid Court during its Exiftence by virtue of this Ad, and afterwards under the Authority and Diredion of Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace fur the faid County of Devon, and the fame to be from Time to Time levied upon fuch Houfeholders Inhabitants of the faid Town, negleding or refufing to pay the Rate or Rates ro be rated or aliened upon him, her, or them, for or in refped of fuch Drain or Sev.er, or the making, repairing, fcouring, or maintaining the lame, as before mentioned, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Devon (which Warrant the faid Juftice is hereby authorized to make), by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties making fuch Default of Payment as lafb mentioned.

XXII.	And, forafmuch as great Inconvenience has been experienced by Travellers and others in palling through the faid Town in confequence of the common Fradice of letting or -eaving Waggons and Carts, and laying Stones, 1 imber. Dung, Rubbilh, and other Obftrudions and

3	Nuifances

1683

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Nuifances in the faid Streets; therefore, to remedy the fame, be it enaCted by the Authority afore faid, That if any Perlon or Pcrfons fhall fet or leave any Waggon or Cart in the faid Street (longer than a reafon-ableTime for the Purpofe of loading or unloading the fame), or (hall lay any Stone, Timber, Dung, Rubbifh, or other Obllrudlions or Nuifances in the laid Streets, he, fhe, or they lb offending fhall, on Conviction before One Juftice of the Peace, by the Oath ol One Witnefs, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Diftrcfs and Sale by Warrant of fuch Juftice, of which Fine Half fhall be paid to the Informer, and Half to the Poor of the faid Parifh of Chudleigh; and in default of Payment, the Perfon fo offending (hall be committed to the Houfe of Correction for the Space of One Week ; and that no Inhabitant of the faid Town fhall be incompetent to be a Witnefs by reafon of his being fuch Inhabitant.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That where any Per fon or Pcrfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate or Truftees fhall be ordered or decreed to build any Houfe or other Edifice, make any Surrender or Surrenders or give Security, or do any other Matter or 7 hing fo to be decreed or ordered in purfuance of this Act, it fhall be lawful to and for every Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, concerned in the Default thereof, by his ACtion upon the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at JVeJhninJler, to recover his Damage for Non-performance thereof; or at his Eledlion, to have and maintain his Bill in Equity for the Performance thereof in Specie ■, and where any Perfon or Perfons fhall be ordered or adjudged to abate any Annoyance or Purprtfture, and fhall refufe or negledt to do the fame by fuch a Day or Time as by the faid Order or Decree fhall be enjoined, the faid Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall and may be indiCled for fuch his Obftinacy and Contempt.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That where any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, fhall be ordered or decreed by the faid Court to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, it fhall be lawful for the Party or Parties concerned, upon Non-payment thereof, to bring any Action at the Common Law for Recovery thereof, and to give loch Order or Decree in Evidence to prove the fame; in which AClion no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law fhail be allowed.

XXV.	And, for the better Satisfa&ion of Builders, Purchafers, and others concerned, be it enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That all and every Judgemenr, Order, and Decree fo made as aforefaid, fhall be good, valid, and effectual, both at Law and in Equity, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, and fhall be obeyed by all Perfons concerned therein, and fhall bind and conclude Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Perfons of nonfane Memory or beyond the Seas, Tenants in Tail, Bifhops, Deans, and Chapters, and all other Ecclefiaftical Perfons, and all other Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate whatfoever, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, Succeffors, and Afligns, fubjeCt neverthtlefs to the Appeal and Determination hereinafter mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it alfo enacted by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, thinking themfelves aggrieved by

any

Anions may he brought for Recovery of Daraagea, kc.

be brought for Non-

Money decreed by th« Couit.

Orders and Decrees of the Court valid s

Bot where an

AppealMhall be made, th* Juft ices of

x684-	46s GEORGII III. Cap. 89-.

fwSewand0 2nV ^u'er or l^ecrefi of the faid Court, to prelent his, Iicr, or then* dete mme Exceptions to the fame in Writing to the Jultir.e or Juftices of Affizc for the lime, the faid County cf Devon in thtir Circuit next after the making fuch Order and Decree, who (hall and are hereby empowered and directed to corifider and review the faid former Older or Decree} and upon Examination on Oath of the Parties, and fuch WitneUVs as fhali be produced, to reverfe, confirm, enlarge, diminifh, or otherwife alter any fuch Order or Decree j and if fuch Jufticc or Juftices of Aflize fh ill fee Caufe to award Cofts againft fuch Appellants for their Vexation and Delay, and to caufe the f.me to be levied by Di ft refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner j and that his or their Determination ihall be final, and (hall bind and conclude Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Perfons of non-fane Memory or beyond the Seas, Tenants in Tail, B (hops, Deans, and Chapters, and all other Ecclefiaftical PeTons, and all other Perfons, B odies Politick and Corporate whatfoever, their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, Suc-cefiors, and Afligns; and that no Writ of Error or Certiorari (hall be granted or iffue for the Removal or Reveifal of the fame: Provided always, that fuch Appeals fhall be completely finilhtd and determined within the Space of One Year next following afier the Delivery of fuch Exceptions as aforefaid.

Orders and XXVII. And, for the perpetuating the faid Judgements, Orders, and fh^Court to D-crees, be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That the fame be entered in fhall be fairly entered in One or more Book or Books, and be fubferibed a Buck. with thc jqames Gf t|>c Perions that made the fame relpedively ; and that the faid Book or Books be delivered into the Portreeve of the faid Town of Cbudleigb for the Time being, to the End that the fame may be falely kept and preferved among the Records of the faid Town fer ever} and all Perfons concerned fhall have free Liberty of ReCourfe and Accefs unto the faid Books, to perule the fame from Tim^toTime as Occafion fhall require ; and the laid Commiliioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby required to fign and feal a Duplicate of the faid Judgements, Orders, and Decrees, and to deliver the fame to be entered and recorded with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County.

Com million- XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That Two of the. f©HowSe tl,C Commiffioners herein conflitu'.ed and appointed for executing the Purpo’cs aith?”8 °f this Ad, fhall, on or before the Firft Day of Auguji One thoufand eight hundred and tight, take the Oath following before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace} and that all the faid Commiflioners, before they execute any of the Authorities or Towers in this Ad mentioned, fhall take the Oath following before any Two of the faid Com-miflioners who have themfelves been firft fworn, which Oath they are hereby empowered to adminifter:

©al'i.

*	T A.B. do fwear, That 1 will juftly and truly execute the Powers and

*	Authorities repofed in me as a Commiflioner,- by virtue of an Ad c pa (Ted in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, ‘ intituled, [here fet forth the Title of the Atf] according to the beft of my

*	Knowledge, without Favour or AJfedion to any of the Parties concerned.

* So help me GOD.'

XXIX.	And

+8r GE0RGlI IH. Cap. 89.	1685

XXIX. And whereas, divers Sums of .Money have been railed and T^»rer,^o> contributed for the Relief of the Sufferers by the laid F.re, and lor

fhf CJommif-

other Purpr f s, which Monks have been paid over to the Reverend fillers fur the Gilbert Barrington, V;car of Ghudleigk, appointed ireafurcr to receive and contribute the fame bv the atorefaid Commiffioners, or any Seven the Relict of or more of them, forming a Committee for the fuid Sufferers be it there-fore further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That it fliail and may be f.-r other lawful for the faid Gilbert Barrington, and his Executors or Admniftra- purPare5, tors, from Time to Time to account to and with the faid Commiflioncrs hereby authorized to put this Aft in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, other than and except himlelf the laid Gilbert Barrington, for all and every Sum and Sums of Money already received or paid or hereafter to be received or paid on Account of the faid Sufferers, or any other Account, by jthe Order or Direction of the faid Committee, which Account?, being allowed and figned by any fuch Seven or more of the faid Commiffioners fo hereby authorized, fhall be final and con-clufive to all Perfons whatfoever; and the faid Gilbert Barrington, and all and every other Perfon and Pcrlons through whofe Hands the Monies fo to be accounted for fhall have paffed, their refpeftive Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrarors, fhall be from thenceforth difeharged thereof, and indemnified and faved harmlefs from any further or other Account to be given for the fame.

XXX.	And be it cnafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall be fined GeneralMi»% or impleaded for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution or in pur-

fuance of this Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Ilfue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; which Suit fhall be commenced within Six Calendar Months from the Time fuch Caufe of Aftion fhall accrue, and net afterwards; and that fuch Aftion fhall be laid in the faid County of Devon, and not elfewherc; and if the Plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or a Verdift do pafs againft him, fuch Defendant fhall have Double Cofts. and recover his Double Cofts.

XXXI. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enafted and Jydge of the declared. That the fubjeft Matter or Difpute or Controverfy de- jnrereftedto pending before the faid Court fhall any Way concern the Eftate or withdraw. Intereft of any Commiffioner or Judge fo concerned in Intercft in the

faid Difpure or Controverfy, he fhall withdraw at the Time of the Debate of fuch Controverfy, until it be determined by the Reft of the Commiffioners or Judges of the laid Court, they not being lefs than Seven in Number.

XXXII.	And it is hereby further enafted. That this Aft, fo far as Continuance the fame relates to the preventing of future Danger by Fire, and con- of Act-tinuing the Sewer and removing of Nuifances in the faid Town as aforefaid, fhall be and is hereby declared to be perpetual; and the Remainder

of this A& fhall continue in force for the Term of Ten Tears, to be computed from the faid Twenty-fcCond Day of May One thoufand eii'hc hundred and eight, and from thence to the next Scfiion of Parliament and no longer.

19 H

cLie. Ss” Per.]

XXim. And

i686

Publick Act.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That this Adi Ihall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftice* and other Perfons whatfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.

wmmtmii****

. . 4 , . n;t :	-jh 1 onntinoo ol 19/• aA

.yU- ■ >5	ai.L	kt	OJWT lo two1! 3lij

*,t\ »	■ fl >ti* .'’triiiKqat lot

.4, yt .	c«oT :.di ni sm» 1

•- nv>\?, lo vfnuoD 3ib .	h 11. )tl	03

’	oH	tjHjo	b/us

, tQb’.	*aw	ftA m.' BABH3H

VjfcTna. v\	•	;	.'X	,_N nHh

jr.ivMs iU	f>i*l t"- 1 i.du5i urii t-i a

>] -if! 1 io tgiY rttxi?. !5cil ni 9b&tri i A He lu mwo*f ■qflibpi! ben# ?Hj •jjnrtpbiw- bnw am laqpi ml

•	isj	ttwo]	s'-	1 • ( vwuA i’.-'a-. ' ii

jf.	yiiiuj’J	ad* r A	- >* tj ' T

iat;	tttolrOifllo	iitoO	y»	n.	|W





ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.



Cap. 90.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His prefent Majeffy, for repairing the Road from the Bottom .of Church Lane in the Town of NewcaJUe-utider-Lyne, in the County of Stafford., to the Road from IVoor to Che/ier, near Namptwich, in the County of Chefier, and other Roads therein mentioned

[ 1 ft June 1808.]

’’HEREAS an Aft was p-fifed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, intituled, An Ad for repairing and 6G.3. widening the Road leading from tie Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcaltlc-undcr-Lymr. in the County of StafFoid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woof to Cht (hr, near the Town Namptwich, in the County o/Chelter, and from Chcfteiton through Audley ana Bdierley, to Gho 1 fly Hili: And wherras an Aft wa<, paflfd in the Twency-fixih a«G.; Year of the Reign of his faid Majefty, for enlarging the Term* and Powers of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane in the Town of Netucaflle-under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from IVoor to Chefier, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County (f Chejler, and from Chejlertcn through Audley and Balterley to Gborfty Hill: And whereas the Truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid Afts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof and have borrowed a very confider.ible Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remains due and [Lee, & Per.]	19	H	owing*.

*686

4.8° GEORG!I 111O 'Cap. go.

owing, and cannot be paid off', her can tilt laid Road be nrope lf amended, improved and kept m Repair, ut Ids the Term of the faidfAds is further continued, and iht Powers and Proviiians thereof ahead, amended, and enlarged; May it therefore ple.fe Your M-jefty, That it mav be tn.& d ; and be it enacted by the King’s moll Exceiknt M^jeffy, by and with the Advice and Confmt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in rhis prefent Parliament affVmbkd, and by the Autho-A3s fuither rity of the fame. That the laid recited Ads, and all the Claufrs, Powets, continued. Provifions, Order-, R gularions, Reftridions, Matters and Things therein contained (except futh Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except fuch of them as rehte to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) (h.ill be and the fame are hereby further continued for,and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad, but fubjed nevertiidcfs to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which (ball commence and take Effect upon the pafling of this Act, and lhall continue in force during the Term hereby granted ; and this Ad, and the additional Term hereby granted, (hall be fubjed and liable to thcPaym nt of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the faid Ads or eithci of them, and of fuch other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit thereof refpedively and of this Ad, and of the Iniereft due and to grow due for tho fame.

Additional H. And be it further enacted. That Thomas /dhr, the Reverend Ben-'Truftee* jamin Adams, 'John Becket, yoft ah Bye r ley, George finks, John Brown, Francis Burdin, James Bray ford, Jtbn B> ay ford, John Beech} William Batkwell, Charles Barlow, James Barlow, John Fenton Bough y, the Reverend John Bafnett, Hugh Booth, Jofeph Booth, Richard Bull, James Ball, John Bennet, Jofeph Brindly, Ralph Bourne, IVilliam Baker, John Bourne, Charles Bourne, John Bill, John BayJhaw, Samuel Bagfliaw, Samuel Birks, IVilliam Bent, Richard Bent, the Reverend Job: Blunt, IVilliam Brittain John George Child, Smith Child the younger, Roylance Ch.ld, Baddeley Ch id, W-lham Child, Stamford Cal.w. I John Clews, the Reverend John Cat low, James Cope, Thom is Cooper, Th ira Ch v nor, John Davenport, Richard Dean, Thomas Dele, Edward EarcLey, Thomas Eaton, Gcorge Eaton, Thomas Fenton, Robert Fenton, Thomas Ford, Fdwa d For !, Robert Griffin, Thomas Goodall, William Hauling, James Garre er the younger, Richard Eoenfor Heathcote, John Heath cote, Thomas Ho wood,	obert Hambleton, Richard Hicks,	John Hales, Stephen High-

field, IV'uliam Shephard Kinnerfly, Thomas Kinnerfly the younger, William ■ Ker.wrght, rhe Reverend Cleme t Leigh, William Ledward, Thomas Lrdward, Thomas Mellard, William Millar, William Millar the younger, Thomas Minton, Samuel Mayor, Samuel Mayor of Knutton, Ticm is Mayor, Francis Mare, John Northji Docror of Phyfic. William Ni kijfon, John Nickiffon, Wiliam Nlkiffon the younger, John Philips, Jofeph Pculfon, James Pool, Daniel Pool, Thomas Peake the younger, John Peake, Jofeph Peake, Ralph Sneyd of K el, John Robifon, John Robifon the yGU, gcr, John Rowley, John Rowley tne y ungir, Richard Rhead ihe younger, dhomas Stanicr, Wi'liam Stubbs, John etubbs, John Swimerton, John Steel, Richard Thompjon, Thomas Thompfon, Jcfiah Pimmis ©f KccJ, John Wedgwood, Joftah Wedgwood, Peter Walthall, George Wilkinfon,

Thomas

1687

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 90.

Tb is Wolfe, Robert W lliumf'on, Hugh Henfhall Williamfort, A 'cxander IF n, ’John h ilfo >, Thomas W <rd, Join Wood, Enoch Wood, Charles U 'L alley James Wright, Samuel Worthington. Hemy Weatherly, John Yttes, Wiliam Yates, James Yates, William Aden, Major Gen ral John Delves B ought on, rh- Riverend Henry Delves B ought on, James Bayky tii«* . «,.i «<, the Reverend John Birth» Michael Butt, John Burgefs,

John Betyfe, John Bellyfe 'he younger, Samuel Bajnett, Eddowes Bowman,

.the Kcvnefkd William Breakfpeare, John Boo-,. Richard Boot, Edward Bell's, yo&v Barker, the Honourable y bn Crewe, M jor General Lynch Cotton, tiif Reverend William Cotton, the Reverend Anthony Clarkfon,

Richard Clark, Ricbaid Cl f, J. ck Needham Clff, W< jhtnpen Cliff,

George Cappur the y< u .ger, Wiliam C mer, William Cob > James Co per,

WaLet Daniels, Spencer Daniels,	Downes the younger,	Jfepb

Downes. Ttoomas Downing, Rickard Lalbbury Dudley, the Rrver-nd Jojepb Dave’.port, John Edwards, John R. injor d Edejlon, George Gibbons Elwall, Thomas E Hi fen, Thomas Furbur, Jbn Jojp r Garnett, Gorge Green. Jojepb Gardner, John Groom, J bn Goulbourne, John Goulbourne the younger, the Reverend Robert WIbiabamBromhailHiil, Robert HolLnd, Benjamin Hewitt the younger, Thomas Heath of Tittcnlcy, Thomas Hewitt, John Hopkins, EUifon Hopkins, Thomas HU, William Ha l, Robert Hodgfon,

Robert Harr ifWilliam Hay x aid, Thomas Iiildrtel, Wiliam Jervis,

Daniel Johnton. Edward Jones of Nantwich, Edward Jones of Royles G' en, Edward Key, John L ndop, John Latham or Woore, John Latham of Nantwich, Jofiah Lyhgoe, William Lowe, Richard Leverage the younger, Thomas Lililtr, Chares Mare, the Reverend William Morgan,

Peter Mullock, Thcma• Plant Nixon. King Nickfon, John N tkfon, John Nickfon the younger, George Pigott, Samuel Pace, Samuel Per let': man, John Richard fort, John Robin j on J Jepb Robinfon, Benjamin Rodenburjl, John Sfddall, Peter Stringer, Thomas Taylor, George Taylor, Wiliam Taylor,

Thomas Tomtinfon, William Tcm infon, Samuel Walton, Samuel Wcof, and William Watk s, (hall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Truftees for executing the laid Afts and this Aft, and they and their Succeffors (being qualified according to the Directions of the faid firft recited Act J are hereby empowered and authorized to aft in the Execution of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft, 2s fully 2nd tffeftually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they had been named in or appointed by vjriue or in purluance of the laid Afts or cither of them.

III.	And be it further enafted. That if after any Adjournment of the Meeting on faid Truftees, in (hall at any l ime be thought nectflary that an earlier kmergencit*. Day of Meeting fhould be app^ inted than the Day appoint-d by fuch Adj rnrnmem, then and in that Cafe the Cicrk to the laid Truftees upon an O'der in Writing figned by an. Five or more of (he laid Truftees (although not aftcmbled at a Meeting) mentioning the Tone, Place, 2nd T-uftses. Purporc of fuch intended Meeting, (ball forthwith give Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then (landing upon the !a;d Roads, of the lime and Place which (hall be mentioned in the Order of the faid Truftees (iuch Time not being lefs than Ten Days after fuch Notice) and fuch earlier Meeting (hall and may be held accordingly j and all the Proceedings of the Truftees at fuch Meetings (hall be as valid and efteo tual as they would have been in cale the fame had been held in purfuance of Adjournment..

IV. And

168 8

For remow ine of D.iubt

oi the Ruad«.

For repealing formei Toil* a«,d granting

To’!*,

A Moiety of the fob to he nfccn on

tainFamvf

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 90.

IV.	And whereas by the faid fir ft recited Ad it is enafted, That no G:te or Gates (hall be eroded from within the D'ftance of One Mile of the Town ot Newcaftle-under-Lyme, and whereas Doubrs have arilen trom what Part of he faid Town fucft Meafuremcnt (hall take Place and commence; fo rrmovmgfuch Doubts, be it enaded, That no Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes (nail be ereded upon the laid Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof, within the Diftance of One Mile from a Place called Dean's Bridge within the faid Town of Newcaftle-under-Lyme afor efidri.

V.	And whereas the Tolls granted by the faid firft recired Ad have been found inefficient for the Purpofts thereof; be ic therefore enaded. That from and after the Twentieth Day of Auguft next after the paffing of this Ad, the laid Tolls (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be repealed s and that inftead thereof, the foliowing Tolls (hall and may be demanded, received, and taken b fore any Cattle or Carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through any of the Tell Gates or Turnpikes now eredtd or hereafter to be ereded on the faid Roads (that is to fay);

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mu’e, cr other Bead, drawing in any Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove cf Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence per Score •, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep and Lambs, the Sum of Eight-pence per Score ; and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

Which faid refpeftive Sums cf Money fhall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and (hall be veiled in the faid Trullees, and (hall and may be levied, recovered, paid, applied, varied, alrered, and tffigned, in the fame Manner as the Tulls granted by the faid firft Affc are thereby direfted to be levied, recovered, paid, applied, varied, altered, and affigned.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Trufiees or any Five or more of them (hall and may from Time to Time, and at all d imes hereafter at their Annual Meetings direft.-d to be held by the faid laft recited Aft, reduce all or any of the faid Toils by this Aft dirtfted to be collected and taker, fuch Reduction not being more than One Moiety of the 1 oil hereby granted on Horfes or other Cattle thawing any Carriage, nor more than One Third of all or any of the other Tolls herehy granted, and from T*me to Time at iuch Annual General Meeting or Meetings to raife and advance the fame again, to any Sum not exceeding tne Tolls by this Aft granted, as they or any Five or more of them (hail find it requifite and necelfary fo to do.

ATI. Provided alwavs, and be it further enafted. That nothing herein contained (ball authorize or empower the faid Truftees to demand or take, or cat.fe to be demanded or taken, mine than One Moiety of the Tolls hereby granted for any Horfe, or other Braft, drawing any Carriage laden poly with or going unladen for any Coals, Cannel, or Sleek, at

any

48° GEORGII IIU Cap.go.	i68«

any Gate or Gates erefted or to be erected upon or acrofs the faid Road or on the Side thereof* between a certain Lane called Ihying Lane in the Parilh of Keel in the laid County of Stafford* and the Road branching out of the fame near the Bkickfmith’s Shop in the Village of Keel to Whitmore in the faid County, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-Itandmg,

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this Exemptions A& none of the faid Tolls (ball be demanded or received for any Hoife, from r°u‘* Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle palling through any Gate or Turnpike ere£ted or to be erefled on the faid Roads, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the faid Roads or any of the Roads in the Parifhts or Places in which the laid Roads or any Part thereof doth lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compoft of any Kind (Chalk, Lime, and Limeftone excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground therein •, nor Ihall any Toil be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpofe of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground therein; or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or dilpofed of, buc to be laid up in the Houles, Ouihoufes, Yards, or on the Premifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Picugh, Harrow, or other Implement of Hu'fbindry •, or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle drifwing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, cr uling the fame in Humanary; or for any Horfe or other Bead or Cattle going to pr returning from Wat.er or Pallure, or going to be or returning from being fhoed or farricd ; or for any liorles, Cattle, or Carriages of whacfotvcr Dcfcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes under the Authority of His Ma* jelly’s Poftmaller General* either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning b«ck from conveying the fame-, or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages, Horfes, or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers; or for any Horl'e, Mare, or Gelding fur-nilhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpe&ive Corps and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refptdtively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions ; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal PafiVs; nor lhail any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parilh through which any Part of the faid Roads doth lie, whofhall pals through any of the laid Turnpikes to or from his, her, cr their relpedive Parilh Church, Chapd, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Chrijlmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordeied by Authority to be celebrated, cr who Ihall attend the Funeral cf any Perfon dying and to be buried in any of the faid Parilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or renaming from viliting. any Sick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Mini derial Duty on a Sunday, cr on Chrijtmas Day, Good Friday, or,any other Day on. which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated^

\l.ce. & Per.']	i9/	liar,

GEORGII III. 9^4

nor (hall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in refpeft of any Horle, Cattle, or Bead rarrying any Paffcnger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament tor the faid County of Stafford, or a Knight orKnightsof the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County Palatine of Chejtery on the Day or Days of fuch Election refpedtively, or on theDaybefore or Day after fuch Eltdlion rtfpec-tively, (hall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon lhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or (hall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Adis and this Adi, or any Part thereof, (hall be evaded, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety (hall be applied to the Purpofes of the laid Ads and of this Adi, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers.

Turnpikes, IX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Right and Property of all Toll HoHit*, and every the Turnpikes, Toll Houles, and Buildings ert died or hereafter ^e*Trustees! t0 be eredled by virtue of the faid Adis or this Adt, and of the Materials for building the f une, and all'o all Rails, Stiles, Polls, and Fences which lhall belong to the faid Roads, and alfo all Tools, Implements, Stones, Gravel, and other Materials purchafed, gotten, or had, or to be purchafed, gotten, or had, for repairing the faid Roads, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Trufftds, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caufe to be brought any Adlion or Adlions, or to prefer or order to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indictment or Indidltnents in the Name or Names of any O.te or more of them, or of their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, againft any Perlon or Per-fons who lhall (leal, take, injure, or difturb them the laid Truitecs in the Poffeftion thereof.

X. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit or Litigation (hall arife touching or in anywife relating to the Tolls authorized by the faid Adis to be taken, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons adting by or under the Authority of the faid Trufiee , (lull noc be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation, by rcafon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to collect the fakl Tulls, or acting under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

Collector* of Tolls not dif-qiulified to give Evidence in any Dif-pute.

Penalty oiT XI. And beitfutther enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall leave ?erl°J8 leav* any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage longer than may be neceffary ongth/uoad* for loading or unload ng the (lime, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part ]>ing Tiiriber, jjf the faid Roads, with or without any Horfe or Beall of Draught harnelfed ?n/anymAn- or yoktd thereto, or (hall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Hay, noyance -Straw, Dung; Soil, Rubbifh; or other Matter or Thing whatfotver upon theieon, eic. arfy part 0f the (aid Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof^oref any Perfon cr Perfons travelling thereon, or if any Perfon fliall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the faid Roads, -or (hall drive any Horfe cr other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or .other Carriage thereon, or lhall caufe any Damage to te done ro lucli Footway; or if any Perfon driving an,y 'Coach, ChaiiV, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage:upon the faid Roads, and .meeting any other Coach,

Chaife,

1691

483GEORGII in.. Cap. 90.

Cbaife, Waggon, Carr* oi other Carriage, (hall nor keep his Carriage on the IcfrSde of the Lid Roads, or if any Perfon fhall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Peifonor Perfons from palling him, her or them, upon the faid Roads, or the Coach, Chaife, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage under his Ca:e, every Perfon fo offending, fliall lor every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; fuch Penalties to be recovered and applied in the lame Manner as the Penalties'and Foifeit-ures are by the faid firft recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XII. And be it further enaCted, That all Perfons who by Law are or fhall statute Woik. te liable to do Statute Work, or areorlhall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the faid Roads or any Part thereof, (hall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it fhall be lawful for any Two or more Judices of the Peace for the faid County of Chefter or Stafford, (as the Cafe may be) and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Roads by the Inhabitants of the rcfpeCLve Parifhes or Places in which the faid Roads do lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parifh or Place in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees, or their Treafurer or Trea-furers; and in order thereunto it fhall be lawful for fuch Judices fromTime to Time to iummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parifh or Place to bring in Lifts before fuch Juflices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perlbns who within fuch Parifh or Place are by Law fubjeCt and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compoficion for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the ref-peCtive Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reductions as are or may be direCled by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of fuch Lifts the laid Juflices fhall and may aiiot, appoint and order fuch and fo many of the Perfons who fhall appear to be fubjeCt and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Roads as the faid Judiccs fliall think reafonable, and the fame fhall be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not bring Hay-time or H«rved) and in fuch Parts of the faid Roads as the faid Trudces or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall fromTime to Time order, dheCt, and appoint; and the faid Jutlices fhall and may alfo ordtr and dircCt tbePcrfons who by fuch Lids fhall appear to be fubjeS and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Sta'ute Woik as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Judices fhall think proper to the faid Truitces or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times asnhey the faid Jultices fhall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame fhall and may be recovered by Didrefs and Sale ol the Goods and Chattels of the refpeCtive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited ACt authorized or directed to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fhall negleCt or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, after

Notice

1692	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	90.

Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her or their ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any .Surveyor of the faid Truftees, lhall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjedt and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjeft or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Perfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or lhall be lent with any Team or Draught tp work on the faid Roads, lhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difcharge thePerlbn who lhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjedt and liable to the rcfpedtive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid as tf he had negledted or refilled to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Roads, all which Forfeitures fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending of the faid Roads ; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Parilhes or Places lhall refufe or wilfully negledl to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and wilfully give in falfe or imperfedt Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application XIII. And be it further enadted, That if any Money lhall be paid or agreed ration^f a'" 0r avfarc^edt0 Pa>d f°r $c Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Here-mounting to ditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the tool.	faid Adts and this Act, for the Purpofes thereof, which lhall belong to

any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Truft, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hulband, Guardian, Committee, or other Truftee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Truft, or to any Perfon whofe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftridt or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money lhall in cafe the fame lhall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Poundsj with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid Adts and this Adt, to the Intent that fuch Money lhall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Difcharge of any .Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court lhall authorize to be paid, affedting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affedting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Handing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ules, Intents or purpofes 5 or where fuch Money lhall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and inverted, under the like Diredtion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which lhall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Here-2	ditament$.

48° GEORG 11 111. Cap. go.

dirarrent*, which (hall be f> pilrchafed, tiken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Convey-ame rd Settlement {hall be exifting twde’ermineJ and capable of taking Pff ft; and in the mean Time and until fuch Purchafe fhali be made, the faid Money (ball, by Order of the la d Courc upon Application thereto, br iivrfted by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated cr Three Pounds per Centum Reduced B .nk Annuities •, and in the mean Time and until the faid Bank Annu:-ti«-s (ball be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faidConfolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hull from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perf >n or Perfons who would for the Time being have been e-t .led to the Rents ar.d Profits of the faid Lands, Tenemenrs, and Hereditaments to be purchaftd, by virtue of the faid recited Aft; and this Act, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XiV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- ftnonTnefs’ ■romts, pu chalcd, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging ihan 2001. to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any' Difabilicy exceeding or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhali be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fh 11 exceed cr be equal to the Sum cf Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhali, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the l ime being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafcd, taken or ufed, or of bis, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Jr fancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their re-fp-ftive Hands, be paid into the B.ink of England, in the Name and with the Privity cf the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-bef >re direfted, or ocherwife the fame fhill be paid (at the like Option ) to TwoTruftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons m King Inch Option, and approved of by Five of theTruflees for executing the faui recited Aits and this Aft, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to hi- iignfkd in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Par ics) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing the ■ o ■, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direfted, fo far as the Gale be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That where fuch Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhali be le.s

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhali be applied th-mwl/ * to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perf ns who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy,

I iotcy or Lunacy, then fuch Money fhali be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe a.id Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perlbns fo entitled refpectively.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to j, cafe of net whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhali be awarded for the Purchafe of nuking our

[Loc. & Per.'}	19	K	any	TiUc,i

1693

1694.

or if Pci Tons cannot be found, Pur-chafs Monty to be paid into the Bank;

Subjeft to the Older of the Court of

Petition.

Respecting

dilputed

Titles.

The Court

of Chancery may order

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 90.

any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of the faid A<5t$ and this Aft, fliall refufe to accept the fame, or fhail not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisla&ion of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them •, or in cafe iuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhail be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or diiVovercd, then and in tvery fuch Cafe it fhail and may be lawful to and for h * faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Lid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Accounr, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the laid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [<>ef riling ibm\ fubjeft to the Order, Conrroul and D f, ofition of the fa.': Court,of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery on the Application of an> Perlon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any P t thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhail be and is hereby empowe cd in a fummary Way of Proceeding, orotherwile as to the fame Court fliall feem meet, to orccv the fame to be laid out and invtfted in the Public Funds, and toord r Diftribu-tion thereof, or Payment of theDividrnds theitof, according to the rdpeflive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the fame Court fhail feem juft and reafonable ; and the Cafhier or Caftiicr^ of the Bank of England, who fhail receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofeUfe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perlon or Perfons as fhail pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That where any Queftion fhail arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General cf the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right, or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid recited Atts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Pcifons, fliall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary fhail be (hewn to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fliall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlcls ic lhall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That where by reafon of any Disability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation

6	entitled

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 90.	1695

entitled to any Land% Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchafed reafonabie under the Authority of the faid recked Ads and this Ad, the Purchafc puSufcto Money Hr the fame (hall be required to be paid into the C >urt of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of oth r Lands, Tenements or Here- 1 citaments, to be fettled to the like Ufcs in pmfuance of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in puduance of ihe Lid Ads and lAs Ad, or fo much of luch Expmces as the faidCuurt fhall deem realbnable, to be paid by the faidTrui-tcc* out of the Monies to be received by viitue of the faid Ads and this Ad, who (hall from Time to Time pay luch Sums of Money for fuch Purpolcs as the faid Courc fhall dired.

XIX.	And be it fur her enaded, That the Charges and Expences of Expences of obtain ng and p fling mis Ad, (hill be paid out of the Fir ft Money to

be rafted by virtue of the faid Ads or this Ad, in Preference to *.11 other Payments wnatfoever.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad diali be deemed and pub:ic Act. taken r be a Public Ad, and (bad be judicially taken Notice of as fuch

by adjudges, jHftcesand others, without being ipecially pleaded.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That the Te*m granted and continued Term and

by the fa d Ads (ball on the palling of this Ad ceafe and determine*,	rAct"0*

and that the faid Ads and this Ad, (lubjrd as he; ein-before mentioned)

(h-fti from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term cf Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion cf Parliament.

LONDON: Piinted by George F.yre and Andrew Strahan, Punters to the Kang’s inoft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ovai □ • ■M!,2a-wtaAui> bii





it . ’iH ^

, O'

nvw -

$

a

,o

* * » **-a* 1 #•#*««> -

' toI jaA . *:

f t fr'sfnn ini gnhpjcf;?.!

3	;7	-i-	fp-1	iv’i	,

.	ry y	■	-Tt;:--

" ''u\Gg*

-

bitl*c.j aa zmV.'B >ILT >ot

• ■	.r.	r

1	'	.	■	r,

j ■	-	■	vjc.	!	.	J	f	Mpbo	'■	'	.	■’	-	'

anno quadragesimo octavo

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*******************************************************

Cap. 91.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Adi of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lam Ends near Worthy, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.	[1ft June 1808.J

rHEREAS an Aft was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An All for continuing .sg.j.c. tio. the Term and altering the Powers of certain Ails of Parliament, fo far as the fame relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends, near Wortley, in the Wejl Riding of the County of York, and for difebarging the Trujlees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforefaid to Hartcliffe Hill: And whereas a conftderable Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the Tolls arifing on the faid Road; which Money cannot be repaid, and the faid Road effeftually amended and kept in Repair, unlefs the Term of the faid abovementioned Afts be further continued, the Tolls increafed, and fome further Powers granted for thofe Purpofes: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaffed; and be it enadted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority [Lee. U Per.]	19	L	of

1698	48“	GEORGII	III.	Gap. 91.

Ai\s further of the fame, That the faid recited ACt, and all the Powers, Authorities,

continued. Privileges, Provifions, Exemptions,. Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein refpectively contained (except fuch Parts, thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp f^uties, and alfo fuch as are hereby altered, varied or repealed) fhall be and remahi in full,Force and EffeCt, and fliall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fame were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this ACt, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Alterations and Amendments frerem contained^4 and which lhalt commence and take effeCt upon the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight; and that this Aft, and the Term and Powers hereby granted, fliall be and are hereby declared to be fubjeCt and liable to the Payment of the Money borrowed and due as afo.refaid, and alfo of all Money which fliall be herCaftef bcCrrowed for the Parpofes of the laid recited ACt and of this ACt, and of all Intereft due and to grow due thereon refpeCtively.

Truftess.	II:	And be it further enaCted, That the Right Honourable Charles Wil-

liam Wentworth Fifzttfilliajn commdnly called Vifcount Milton, Thomas Athorpe, Chri/lopher Alderfon, Jonathan AlderJ'on Clerk, William Alderfon Clerk, John Alderfon, Jonathan Alderfon, Charles Bourns, John Billam Doctor of Phyfic, Richard Burton Clerk,' Alexander Barker Clerk, Michael Brunfkill Clerk, John Branfon, John Bower, Edward Barnfey, Peter Birks, Edward Charley, Doctor of Pliyfic, Charles Conflable Clerk, Alexander Cooke Clerk, William Coupland, Francis Caley, Robert Cave, Jofeph Colbeck, Samuel Clarke, Robert Clarke, James Clarke, John Carr, Andrew Carr, Nathaniel Cofins, Thomas Chapman, Thomas Carnelley, Jofeph Dea-kin, William Dawfon, John Thomas Dawfon, Thomas Downes, Vincent Henry Eyre, John Fountayne Elwyn, Charles Wolff Eyre Clerk, Francis Ferrand Foljambe the younger, William Fenton, John Fofter Clerk, John Fojier the younger, Jofeph Flint, Richard Flint, Thomas Harrifon, Jofeph Harrifn, John Hoyle, William Hoyle, William Hide, William Hall, George Harvey, Philip Hunt, Thomas Haywood, Thomas Hounsfeld, Thomas Hounsfeld the younger, John Hounsfeld, William Jubb, William Jubb the younger, Jofeph Johnfon, William WilfOn Kent, James Lucas, Thomas Lee, Mar-ol>	maduke	Middleton	Middleton, Stephen Moore Clerk, Robert K'arfh,

Samuel Oliver, Francis Oxley, Hugh Parker, Thomas Parker, William Payne, John Payne, George Pears, John Potter, William Potter of Beighton, William Potter of Aughton, Thomas Raddifh Clerk, Jofeph Read, John Roodhoufe, Valentine Radley, William Radley, William Rodgers, Richard Swallow, William. Stanley, Benjamin Sayle, John Shergold, John Sorby, George Savile Clerk, William Smith, Thomas Stanforth, John Kinderfey Tudor, Thomas Trcheck Clerk, Jofeph Hatfield Turner, John Turner, Thomas Townrow, Joftas Vereljl, Charles Verelft Clerk, Henry Walker, Jojhua Walker the younger, Jonathan Walker the younger; Benjamin Wain-wright DoCtor of Phyfic, Thomas Oliver Warwick DoCtor of Phyfic, Henry Watkins the younger, Clerk, Joftph Wheatley, John Whitehead, RobertWhite-head, John Woodcock, and George Woodcock (being qualified according to the fel)ireftions of the faid recited Act) fhail be and are hereby added to and;

. joined

4-8aGEORGlI III. Cap.$ I.	1699

joined with the furviving and remaining Trultees appointed by or in pur*, fuance of the faid AO:, and the AOs therein recited or referred to, for putting the faid recited AO and this AO into Execution, and (hall have the like Powers for that Purpofe as if they had been named and appointed Trultees in or by virtue of the faid recited AO.

III.	And be it further enaOed, That all AOs, Matters and Things autho- A'tering the rized or required by the faid recited AO and this AO to be done and exe- xruiteej.°* cuted by the Trultees for carrying the fame into Execution, /hall and may be done and executed by any Five or more of the faid Trultees prefent at any Meeting, being the Majority of fuch of them as /hall be then prefent j and the fame, when Fo done and executed, lhall be as good, valid, and ef-feOual, and lhall have the fame Force and EffeO, as if fuch AOs, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Five of the faid Trultees.

IV.	And whereas the Tolls by the faid recited AO authorized to be taken Further Toils on the faid Road have been found infufficient effeOually to maintain and 10 bc ukcn* repair the fame, and pay the Intereft of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the faid Tolls ; be it further enaOed, That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, over and above the refpebtive Tolls granted by the faid recited Ad, one further Half Toll, in addition to fuch refpe&ive Tolls, of all Perfons who lhall pafs with any Horfe, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage tltrough any Turnpike erebted or'to be erebted by virtue of the faid recited Ad and this Ad; which faid additional Toll lhall be and the fame is hereby, veiled in the Trultees for exe'euting the faid recited Ad and this Ad; and 'the fame lhall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied and difpofed of, in the fame' Manner, and to and fertile fame Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes, as in and by the faid recited Ad is mentioned and declared with refped to the Tolls thereby granted or continued.

V- And whereas it Is by the faid recited Ad provided and direded, that xdl fo be the Sum of One‘Penny, and no more, lhall be demanded and taken for ukcn for each Horfe or other Beaft or Cattle employed in the Carriage of any Lime,

Aihes, Dung, Mould br Compoft which lhall be ufed for the manuring any Land or Ground limited within any Parilh in which the faid Road doth lie or in fuch Part of the Pari Hi of Peniftone as is not within the Townlhips of Hunjhelf and Langftt; and that the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and no more, lhall be demanded and taken for each Horfe or other Beall or Cattle employed in the Carriage of Lime, Allies, Dung, Mould or Compoft:, which lhall be ufed for the manuring any Land or Ground not being fituate within any Parilh in which, the faid Road doth lie, or within the Parilh of Pehijtone ; be it therefore further enabled. That it Ihdl and may be lawful for the faid Trultees to continue to demand and take, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, the faid feveral laft mentioned Tolls ; any Thing in this Abt contained to the contrary notwitHftanding.

VI.	And

1700

General

Exemptions*

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 91.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the faid Firfl Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight, none of the Tolls granted or continued by the faid recited Ad or this Ad (hall be demanded cr taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going to cany or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel,, or other Materials for repairing of the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townlhips or Parifhes in which any Part of fuch Roads doth lie ; or Hay, Straw, or Com in the Straw only, not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Outhoufes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof j or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hulbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compoft, or Manure employed in Hulbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (other than and except as herein mentioned); or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pafture and Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried ; or from any Perfon going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worlhip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Perfon who lhall die and be buried in any of the Parilhes in which the faid Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifiting any fick Perfon, or upon other his Parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Defcription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His Majefty’s Pollmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Exprefles, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for any Horfes, Carts or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furniftied by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpe&ive Corps, and have, their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpec-tively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Horfes, Carts or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fent by legal Pafles; or for any Horfe, Cattle or Beall drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli, Chair, or Paflenger on Horfeback, going to or returning from any Ele&ion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Tork, on the Day or Days of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Ele&ion lhall begin or be concluded ; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatfoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the lame* every fuch Perfon 9	lhall

48°GEORGII ill. Cap. gr.

lhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof fhall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Ad and this Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Ferfons who s,; by I aw are or fhall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or fhall be charge- bo able towards repairing and amending the faid Road or any Part thereof, fhall ftill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the faid County of Tori1*, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the faid Truftees or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work fhall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpedive Divinons, Hamlets or Townfhips, Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road lies; and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Divifion, Hamlet or Townfhip, Parifh or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work as aforefaid, fhall be by him, her, or them paid to the faid Truftees or to their Treafurer; and in order thereunto it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices from Time to Time to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Divifion, Hamlet or Townfhip, Parifh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices, at fome Place to be expreffed in fuch Summons (within Ten D ys after the ferving of fuch Summons) of the Names of the feveral Perfons who within fuch Hamlet, Divifion or Townfhip, Parifh or Place are by Law fubject and liable to do statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for fuch Statute Work, diftinguifhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names fhall be made in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; an,d out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices fhall and may allot, appoint, and order fuch and fo many of the P^fons who fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to Statute Work as aforefaid, to do fuch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the faid Road as the faid Juftices fhall think reafonable; and the fame fhall be done on fuch Day? and at fuch Times (not being Haytinie or Harveft) and in fuch Parts of the faid Road as the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors fhall from Time to Time order, dired, and appoint; and the faid Juftices fhall and may alfo order and direct the Perfons who by fuch Lifts fhall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofition for Statute Work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices fhall think proper to the faid Truftees or their Treafurer, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices fhall dired, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame fhall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpedive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof in like Manner as any Penalty is by the faid recited Act authorized or direded to be recovered; and each and every Perfon who fhall negied or refufe to do fuch Statute Work as afore-[Loc.tf Per.']	19	M	faid,

1702

48° GEORGII III. Cap.ql.

laid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them at his, her or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, (hall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labour; rs, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horfe or Horfes, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, ana Forfeitures as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effed for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who lhall come to work as a Labourer, or (hall oe fent with any Team or Draught to work on the faid Road, lhall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the faid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who lhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid; and in that Cafe every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negleded or refufed to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been fent to work on any Part of the faid Road ; all which Forfeitures fliall be paid to the Treasurer to the faid Truftees, and applied towards the amending the faid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the faid Divrfioris, Hamlets or Townftups, Pariihes or Places, fliall refufe or wilfully neglect to give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lifts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Power to	VIII.	And be it further enabled. That it fliall and may be lawful to and

SututeUnLa-0r f°r t^ie faid Truftees to compound and agree with anv Perfon or Perfons, hour.	Bodies	Politic	or	Corporate,	for	the Statute "Work to be by them done on

the faid Road or any Part thereof, and alfo With the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Di-vifions, Hamlets orTownlhips in which the faid Road is fituate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees fliall think rcafonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the faid Road; which Compofition Money lhall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of theDivilion, Hamlet or Townlhip, or by .the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer to the Laid Truftees, in advance,' on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwife the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Divlfion, Hamlet or Townlhip lhall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Application IX. And be it further enabled, That if any Money fliall be agreed or of compenfa- awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed, amoimdng u> taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the faid recited Ad and this Ad 2001.	for the Purpofes thereof, which fliall belong to any Corporation, Feme Co-

vert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons whofe Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Perfon under any Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money lhall, in cafe the fame fliall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity 5	of

r7°J

48° GEOR G11 III. Cap. Qt.

of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Truftees for executing the faid recited Adis and this Act, to the Intent that fuch Money fhall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, aftedling the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affedting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and in veiled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Maimer as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; snd in the meandme, and undl fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Ol der of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidate or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe of Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Money fo Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments if un,der purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any 2°° " Corporation or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapaciry as aforefaid, {hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amouDt to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of .he Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedtive Hands, be paid into the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before diredted ; or otherwife- the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees for executing the faid recited Adt and this Adi (fuch NominatioH and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the

Hands

X7<H	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap.	gi.

Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon maybe applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direftion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

if under	XI.	Provided	alfo,	and	be	it	further	enabled. That where fuch Money fo

10 '*	agreed	or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned fhall be iefs than the

Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fnall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of*the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed, for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall think fit, or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

In cafe of Re-fufa! to ac-

rnaking out Titles, &c. Money to be paid into the Bank.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafeof any Lands, 1 enenvents or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid recited Ad and this Act, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good l itle to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money {hall be fo awarded as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it lhall and may b,e lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [def ribing them'], fubject to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the faid d ourt of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, {hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the- refpe&ive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable; and the Calhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who ftiall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

where any XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Strife Queftion {hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be

paid

4S" GEORG 11 III. Cdp.\j\.

paid'iiito the Bank of England in the Name arid with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eflate,

Right or Intereft in any Lands,’Tenements, or Hereditaments to be pur* chafed in purfuance of the laid recited Aft and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who lhall have been in PolTeffion of fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time or fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the PolTeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, fhali be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch PolTeffion, until the contrary lhall be fhewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, lhall be paid, applied, and difpafed of accordingly, unlefs it lhall be made appear to the laid Court that fuch PolTeffion was a wrongful PolTeffion, and that Tome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Ellate or Intereit therein.

XIV* Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where, by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of the faid recited Act and this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame lhall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of the faid Ad and this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court lhall deem, rcafonable, to be paid by the faid Trullees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the faid Ad and this Ad, who lhall from i ime to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid. Court lhall dired.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all the Colts, Charges, and Ex- Expences of pences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing of this Ad, to- thc A'f’ gether with lawful Intereft for the fame, lhall be paid out of any Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, or out of

the firft Money' to arife by virtue of the faid recited Ad and this Ad.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad lhall be deemed Public a.% and taken to be a Public Ad, and lhall be judicially taken Notice

of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

X VII. And be it further enaded. That the faid recited Ad (fubjed to Term of this the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Ad contained) and this Ad lhall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the \Loc. Per.]	19	N	Refidue

Expences ■ Parchafea 1

1705

tnu:\vnS the riiitf to Money to be paid,the Pe tons who

PofletTion (hall be en-lirled thereunto1.

1706

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 91.

Refidue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the faid re-cited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. IlEGIS.





Cap. 92.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near to 77/-bury Forty in the County of Effex.

[ift fune 1808.J'

yHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road i fW/ from the Great Turnp.ke Road leading from Whitechapel in the ? r County 01 Middleftx, to Romford, in the County of EJJex, from a Place at or near to James Shephard*s late John FothergilPs Plantation, Ml the Pa’ifh of Weft Ham, in the faid County of EJJex, firuate between the Four and Five Mile Scones on the faid Road leading from Whitechapel to-Romford aforefaid, into and through the feveral Parifhes of Weft Ham, Eaft Ham, Barking, Dagenham, Horn church, Rainham, Wennington, Avely, Weft Thorock otherwiie Wejl Thurrock, Grafs Thorock otherwife Grey's Thurrock, Little The rock otherwife Little Thurrock, and Chadwell, all in the faid County of Ejjex, to a Place adjoining to the Ferry Caufeway or Landing Place, at or near to Tilbury Fort in the faid Parifh of Chadwell; and alfo a Branch of a Road from the Town of Avely aforefaid to St ifford Bridge, into and through the feveral Parifhes aft Avely, South Ockenden, urd btifforj, all in the faid County of Ffftx-, and the erecting, building, and maintaining of Commun c. tion Bridges and Arches over the Rivers, Rivulets, Streams of Water, Sevveis, Waters and Watercourfes, that may imerfcfr the Courfe of the F»id Road and Branch of Road in the feveral Parilhes aforefaid, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Inhabitants of thefe Parts and the adjacent Country, and would open a much fhorter and better Communication than there is at prefent [Lee.	iV.] 1.9,0	between

1710

4S*GE0RG'II III. Cap. 92,

between the aforefaid Places, and alfo between thefc Places and the Country adjacent and the City of London, and would facilitate the Conveyance of the Produce thereof, and alfo the Conveyance of Pifh to the London Marker, and would alfo open a much fhorterand better Communication than there is at prefent between His Majefty’s Arfenal at Woolwich and Tilbury Tort, and would greatly facilitate the March of Troops, and would alfo, in many other Refpefts, be of great public Utility ; but the fame cannot be done but by the Authority of Parliament; to the End therefore, that the Lid Road and Branch of Road may be made, and the Communication Bridges eredted and built: May it pleafe Your Majefly that it may be ena&cd ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this prefent Parliament nflembled, and by the Authority cf the fame, Truftec3. That the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, the Honourable Brydges Trecothick Henniker, Sir Edward Hulfe Baronet, Sir Thomas Barrett Lennard Baronet, the Reverend Sir Adam Gordon Baronet, Sir Hit hard Neave Baronet, Samuel Whitbread, Charles Cal Us Wcflern, Richard Baker, John Bullock, Eliab Harvey, Jofeph Holden Strutt, George Wegg, Thomas Barrett Lennard, Job Barrett Lennard, Henry Farfhawe, Robert Shuttle-worth, James Shuttle rth, Robert Shuttlewortb the younger, Samuel Bonham, William Wingfield, Henry Bonham, John Lotcn, Bamber Gfeoyne, JcfepbCuff,JofepbCuffiUe'jOun2yr, Char hs Hulfe, Richard Hulje, James Serai--ton, Daniel Stratton of Brittle well, William Hunt Micklejidd, William Sl.iney Hunt, John William Adam, John Minnett, Henniker, John Chrkftn, Henry' Hinde Pelley, John Henry Pel-ley, Thomas Dickinfon, William Warren,■ Zacbariah Button, Jofeph Joyner, John Curtis, John Curtis the younger,'*■ Aaron Hurr ill, Thomas Jackfon Hunt, William Smith of Bromley, S-inuel W&tch, John Kerjhaw, Pi rfm .'Bonham, George Bonham. W< litem" Man by, John Brooks, Jaqies Sheppard, Robert Wilfon, John Mdrmaduke 'G^ a ft on-Dare, William Smith or Barking, William Thoyts, George Cajivelt, Cbrif topber Tyler, William Dear fly, Richard Newman Harding Newman, William Ruffell, Jackfon Baruis, William T&lbutt, 'John Tyler, Thomas Graves, John Crcfs Gotjfalve Crcfs. John Bit ton, Charles Smith, George Davis Carr, John Barrington, Thomas Neave, Thomas Harding, John Sylvejier, Thomas Gardener Bramficn, Capel Cu>e, Henry Wild man, George Johnfon, James Humphreys, "John Stanley Smart, John Fane, Francis Fane, Richard Dawfon, Jeffery Sailer, John Judd, George Button, Wil.iant Wolford, Crifp Montgomery,	Godfrey,	Robert Dixon, John Carter,

Cbrijhpher Tower, Chnfiophsr Thomas Tower, Peter Eflaile, James Efiaile, and William .Walter, Efquires, Sir Thomas Apreece Baronet, the Reverend George Strahon, the Reverend John Rofe Holden, the Reverend Philip Salter, the Reverend F	Ufkoe,	the	Reverend Richard Rocb, the

Reverend William Mlorice, the Vicar of Barking for the Time being, the Vicar of Weft Ham for the Time being* the Vicar of Loft Hem for the Time being, the Reverend Henry Morrice, the Reverend Evan Lloyd, the Reverend James Thomas Hurlock, the Reverend John Forflcr, the Reverend John Fanfhawe, the Reverend WMiam Reid, the Reverend Philip Rrfhleigh, the Reverend Thomas Hulfe, the Reverend Thomas Cation, Archibald Stewart, Stephen Arunde’l, Ifuac Wilcox, William Selby, William Parfohs, Henry Taylor, Richard Halle!t, Dexter Roberts, Janes Gilbec, Aaron Cooke Bourne, Georgs Cuff, Daniel Miller, John Birgs, William Mar den, Willis Fitch, James Sggs, Thomas Smith, Thomas bird, James Walker, Thomas Ryde> John Gee, James Richard Hardy, Jofeph

1711

48? G-E'p RGII ' IH>; • Cap.'92;

French, Richard Cozens / William Parrott, Jofeph Joyner the younger, John Thompfoti, IViltUm Glenny,‘Thorites Page, N rib Surridge, Tboma; Mans-ford, Edxvard Runes, John Lambert, John Lambert the younger, Wafey Stetry, jfoiw Sne'graveand the>r Succrfibrs, to be elefted in Mann r he re milter mentioned, THall be and they ar£ hereby appointed Truftees tor making, maintaining, ai ering, repairing, and improving the faid Road andB:anch of Road, and for other wife putting this Act in Execution.

II.	And be it farther enafted, That when and as often as any Truftee On the be th fhal 1 die or refufe to a<51, it fhail be lawful for the lurviving or remaining Truftees, or any Seven or m re of thrm, by Writing under the r Hands, c,|iojen>

to eltft one other Pcrfon to be a Truftee in the Room of fuch Try lice id dectafed or refuting to aft; but Notice of the-Time and Place of Meeting fir every fuch Election (hall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the find Truftees, by afnxhg the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Ga.es then erefted in or upon the fa d Roads at lead Seven Days before every' luch Meeiiiig *, and all Perfons who (hall be fo eiefted are hereby, vrfled' . wi.th the fame Powers for put-; mg- tbs Aft inro Execution* as the Perfuos-in whole Places they (half be icipcftivcly chufen were veiled with.

III.	Provided always* and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fliall: QuViFraoon be capable of acting as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft, unlefs h'e[ot liu!lcc‘‘ Ibail be, in his own Right or in die Right < f his Wife, in the aftual Pof-" ftffionor Receipt of the Rents and profits of Lands, Tenements or Here-, diiamems, of me clear Yearly V.due of Fifty Pounds, above Reprises* dr-'

lhail be Heir Apparent cf any Peif ,n p off? fled of an Eft ate in fuch Land ,

Tenements, or Hereditaments as •..fort:laid, of the clear Yea/ly V<diie <Y One hundred- Pounds, above Re prizes orlkali be puff-fled ot or entitled id a Pe.-fonai Elia re of One rhoufand Pounds, nor (except in adminifterhig rhe Oath or Affirmation hereinafter mentioned) until he fliall have taken-and lubfcribec!,. before, any Two or more of the Lid Truftees, an Oath (r-Affii illation, in the Words or to the^Effeft fallowing ; (that is to fay,)

4 Y A. B. do fwear, [or, being ore of the People called Quakers, do, Oath.

*	iblemniy affirm] That 1 truly and bona fide am in my own R-<ght [or.,

4 in the Right cf my Wife]] in the aftual Puif flion and Enjoyment [or.

Receipt] of the Rents anu Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ut the clear Yeaily Value of Fifty Pounds, above Reprizes [or,

*	an Heir Appa’ent of'a Perfon k-ized of fuch an Eftateof the cl ar Yea ly ‘ Value of One hundred Pounds, [or, poffcfled of a Perfonal Eftare of the

*	Amount of One thoufand Pound ]; and that I will truly, faithfully, and 4- impartially execute the Trufts repofed in me as Truftee by virtue of an ‘ Act, palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Georgs the

Third, intituled, \here infiert the Title of this A6f\ according to the bit c of my Skill and j udgment, and without Favour or Affcftion, Prejudice *■ or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever.

‘ So help me GOD.*

And if any Perfon, not being fo qualified, fhail prefume ro aft as fuch Penalty on Truftee, contrary to the true Inrent and Meaning of this Aft, every fuch PerfL?,notr Perfon fha11 for every luch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty acurg." Pounds to any Perfofi or Perfons who fhail fue for the fame, to be recovered with full Colts of Suit, in any of Elis Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft-ininfar, by Aftion ot Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bid, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more

than

1712	48“	G	EORGII	III.	Cap.	92.

than one Imparlance {hall be allowed ; and every Perfon fo profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife (hall pay the (aid Penalty, without any other Ptoofor Evidence on the Part of the Proiecution than that fuch Perfon hath ailed as a Truftee in the Execution of this

Declaring that all Act s of the Trustees, previous to C on vie-t:on,<hall be

Morrg.igee wayact-

Ttuftees being Juflices

Tniftees may ♦ue ar d he lued in The Name ofiheir Clerks,

Four General

Mittmgs at

I'-a.t in the

IV.	Provided nevtrhelefs. That all Ads and Proceedings of any Perfon or Pei fans ading as a Truftee or Truftees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforefaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the (aid Offence, (hall, notwichftanding fuch Convidion, be as good, valid, and tffcdual as if fuch Perfon or Pcrfons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Ad.

V.	Piovided always, and be it further enaded, Thar any Mortgagee orAfiignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of Tolls granted by this Ad, or receiving Inten.il thereout for the fame, (hall not on that Account be deemed unqual.ficd, or be defeated from ading as a Truftee in the Execution of this Ad: Piovided alfo, that all fuch Truftees as are Jufticcs of the Peace for the laid County of EJfex, may ad as Jufticcs of the Peace in the Execution of this Ad, notvrithftandmg their being Truftees, except only in fuch Cafes where they (hall be peii'onaliy intcrefted.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees may fue and be fued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in purfuanceof this Ad in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks (or the Tima being ; and that no Adion or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Dircdion of or againft the faid Truftees, by virtue of this Acr, in the Name or Names of their Clerk cr Clerks, (hal! abate or be difiontinued by the Death or Removal cf any fuch Clerk or Clerks, nor by the Act c£ the faid Cieik or Clerks, without the Confcnt of the (aid Truftees, or an/ Five or more cf them, but that the Clerk or Clciks for the Time being to the faid Truftees (hall be deemed to be Plantiffjor Pla;ntiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Cafe may be, in every fuch Act.on.-

VIL And whereas great I.iconveniencies may arife from the want of frequent General Meetings of the faid Truftees for putting this Ad in Execution ; be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees (hall hold Four General CT artcily Meetings at haft in every Year; and that the faid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (hall meet together and hold the Firft General Meeting at the Houfe 0f William Pcrfons, known by the Sign of The Bull hn in Ba^hngy on the Second Saturday next after the Day wheie-on this Ad (hall receive the Royal Afllnt, or lo foon after as conveniently may be, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execut on cf this Ad ; and all o her ft ch General Meetings (hall be held ar Ba kijig, S.'ijJ'ora, Jvelny or the Town of Grays, aliinthe faid County of Ejfex, and at fuch H -uks as (hall be relolved on by rhefaid Truftees at the UiG.n, ral Meeting ; and the faid Truftees at fuch General Meeting, o ary Five or more oi them, (hall and may adjourn from Time to Time, or appoint ftp«r.>ie Meetings t > be held upon any Fart of the faid Road tor putting this Act In Execution; and it it (hall happen that there (hall rot appear .it any Meeting which (hall be appoint'd by the 'aid Truftees, a luffccicRt Number of the laid Truftees to ad at fuch Meeting, and to

adjourn

713

48°GEORGII III. Cep.Q)2.	i

adjourn to any other Day, then and in fqch Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to

the faid Truftees, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands,

to be fixed on all the Turnpike Gates :o be erected by virtue of this Act

at leaft Ten Days before che nexr Meeting, thali appoint the laid i ruftees

to meet at the i'louie or Place where the laid Meeting of the laid I rm'tees

was i.ift appointed to be held, upon that Day Three Weeks on which ftich

lalt Meeting of the faid Truftees was appointed to be held \ but no Buli- JIoil„of

nefs lhall be done or proceeded upon by ihp laid ,Tr.ufl;eesf at any Meeting Meeting. ,

to be held under this Act, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon •, and

no Adjournment (hall be made, or any Meeting appointed to be held at

any Time, later than Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on

which tuch.Meeting fhall.be appointed u> be held, and no Adjournment Truftees>-o -

lhall be made by the faid Truftees fora longer Space of Time'than 'I hree defrav theu-

Calendar Months*, and the faid Truftees, at all their Meetings, lhall pence*?

defray their own Charges and Expences.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if after any Adjournment of the faid Truftees it lhall at any Time be thought necelfary that an earlier Day of Meeting (hail be api ointed than the Day appointed by-fuen Adjourn-anenr, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Trufters, upon receiving an Order in Writing figned by Five or more of the acting Truftees, although not alfembied at any Meeting, mentioning tire Time,

Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, lhall .forthwith gi/e'Noiice thereof, by affixing Notices on all the Turnpike Gates, and advertifing the fame Once at leaft in One of the Newfpapers printed in the County of EJfex, Teh Days at leaft before fuch Meeting, and of the 'I ime and Place wnich lhall be mentioned in the Order cf the laid Truftees (jftieh 'l ime not being lefs than Ten Days- after fuch Notice) and fuch earlier Meeting lhail and may be held accordingly j and all the Proceedings of the Truftees at all fuch Meetings, lhall be as valid and effe&ual as they would have been in cafe fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournment.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or Trufiee* may more of them, at any General Meeting, by any Writing or Writings ^°^nt under their Plands, fhftl and may appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks,

Treafurer or Treafurers, Receiver or Receivers, Colledor or Cullcdors,

of the faid Tolls, Surveyor or Surveyors of the faiJ Roads, and alio luch other Officer or Offi-ers as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them lhall think necefiary to employ in the Execution of this Ad, and lhail and may from Time to Time remove fuch Clerks, Trealurers, Receivers,

Colledors, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they lhall fee Occafion, and appoint new ones in the Room of fuch of them as lhall be removed, or lhail die or refign *, and out of the Monies to arilc by virtue of this Ad, may pay fuch Salaries and make fucii Allowances ■to aii and every fuch Clerks, Trealurers, Receivers, Colitdori, Surveyors, and other Officers, as to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them,

Jhallieem reafonable ; but no Perion lhall be capable of holding any Place nof ^hTt of Profit under the faid Truftees who lhall fell any Ale, Beer, Wine, or Sees 'Spirituous Liquors by Retail.	Profit,

X.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees lhall and they arc Tn,r hereby required to take fuch iufficient Security as thev or anv Five cr t!keSsc..... jjLffCt.&l j?erS}	19 P — '	Officers*

»7 «4

Officers to account.

Power to

co-pel an Acc unt or Payment.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

more of them (hall think proper, from the Treafurer or Treafurers and other Officers to be appointed for the Purpoles of this Ail, for the due Execution of their refpe&ivc Offices.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That all fuch Clerks, Treafurer, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers, and alfo all Perfons appointed by Jultices of the Peace to be Surveyors of the Roads in any of tneParilhes or Places through which the fa:d Road anti Branch of Road lead, and all other Perfons who (hall receive any Money to be laid out in the Repair of any Part of Pnc laid Road or Branch of Road, or wh 1 fhall have the Direction or Management of fu h Repairs, fhall, as often as required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, render and give to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to whom they (hall appoint, a true, exadt, and perfect Account in .Writing under their relpedtive Hands, cf all Monies, which they fhall refpeflively to the Time of rendering fuch Accounts have received, paid, or difburfed, by virtue of this A<5t, or by n afon of their re'pr&ive Offices or othe^wife, aod fhall alio produce proper Vouchers for all their Payments and D fbur Cements* and (hall verify all fuch Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto requi cd by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of ihem (which Oath the fa’d Trustees, or any Five or morejof them, or any Jufli e of the Peace, is and are hereby requ red and empowered to adminille?), and in cafe any Money fo received fhall remain in his or their H .fid's, the fame fhall be paid to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to fuch P.rfoo or Per fo ns as they fhall appoint j and in cafe any fuch Clerk, Treafurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer or Perfon, fhall not give in and verify fuch Account, and make fuch Payment as aforefaid, or fhall not deliver up the Vouchers for the lame, or fhall not deliver to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they, or any Five or more of them, fhall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereto required by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, all the B oks. Papers, Writings, Tools, Matters and Things in their Hands, Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Adt, or which they fhall have difpofed of without che Confem and Approbation of the faid T ruftees,or any Five or more of them, that then any Juftice of the Peace for the County where fuch Officer fhall dwell, {hail and may make Inquiry of and concerning fuch Default as aforefaid in a fummary Way ; and if fuch Clerk, Treafurer, Receiver, Collector, or other Officer or Perfon, fnall be convicted before luch Juftice of any of the Offences aforefaid, either upon his own Confeffion or by the Teftimony of one or more credible Witnefs or Wirneffcs upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and required to adminiftcr) luch Juftice may commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County wherein fuch Offender fhall then refide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they fhall have made a perfect Account, verified as aforefaid, and Payment of what fhall be due thereon, or until he or they fhall have compounded and agreed with the faidTruftees, or any Five or more of them, and have paid luch Compofuion Money (which Com* poll ion the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and receive) and fhall alio have rendered and given up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or any Five or more of them fhall diredt, all Books, Papers, Writings, Tools, Matters, and Things afoiefaid, or make Compenfation for the fame, to the Satisfaction of Five or more of the laid Truftees (which 4	Compenlation

*7*5

48° GEORGII III. Cap.92.

Compenfation the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall and may receive and take): Provided always, that no Perfon who {hall he committed as aforefaid, (hill remain in Prifon fora longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XII.	And be it further enatted, That the faid Trcft or any Five or ^"f<Jyj[ray more of them, fhall and may from Time to T.me caufe to be eredhd and HCutV , .\c. fee up fuch and fo many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, acrof-, or on

the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of any new Road or new Roads in the Line of the faid Road or Branch of Road, and acrofs the End of anv Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame new Road or new Hoads, and alfo a Toll Houfe to eachG te or Turnpike, with fuita' le Outbuildings thereto} and alfo may inckfe from the faid Road and Branch of Road convenient Garden Spots to the laid Toll Houfes, as they or any Five or more of them may judge proper, and may caufe any luch Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houfes, or other Building*-, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they or ~ny Five or more of them fhall judge proper; Provided ncveithclefs, that no Turnpike Gate or Gates fhall be erected upon or acrofs any of the prefent Roads, Lanes, 01 Ways within the feveral Parifhes herein-b:fore mentioned.

XIII.	And be it further ena£led, That the feveral and refpe&ive Tolls Power to following Ihall be demanded and taken of the Perfon or Perfons attending uke Tol,s' any Horfe, Cattle or Carriage, hereir-ifter mentioned, at each and every

of the Turnpike or Tell Gates to be ere&ed as afortfaid, by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, before any Horfe, Ca tie or Carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, ertdtcd on the faid Roads.

For One Horfe 01 Bead of Draught drawingany Coach, Chariot, Chaife, Toils.

Bei lin, Lmdau, Cal tlh or Pleafure Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence :

For Two Horfes or other Beads of Draught drawing any Coach,

Chariot, Chaife, Berlin, Landau, Calafli or Piealute Cariiage, the Sum of Nine-pence ;

For Three or Four Horfes or other Beads of Draught drawing each and e ery fuch Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling :

F r Five or Six Horfes or other Beads of Draught drawing each and every fuch Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For Two Horfes or other B alts of Draught, drawing abreaft any Cart or other fuch like Carriage, wiih Wheels of the Breadth of Six or lefs than Nine Inches, in the Fellies thereof, the Sum of Nine-pence :

For Two or more Horfes or B ads of Draught drawing any Waggon,

Wain or other fuch 1 ke Carriage, with Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches in the Fellies tnereof, the Sum of One Shilling and S xpence :

Tor One Horfe or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Cart or other fuch like Carnage, the Sum of Sixpence :

For O. e or nv re H >rfe or Horfes or other Bead or Beads drawing any D.ay or other luh like Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other fuch like Carriage, with Wheels or Six I chts or more, and drawn by more than One Hoiic or other Bead of Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling :

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuch like Carriage, with

Wheels

1716

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 92.

Wheels of Nine Inches or more, and drawn by more than Two Horfes or other Brail of Draught,, tlje Sum of One .Shillingand Sixpence;

For every Horfe, Mare, Gliding, Mule or Aft, laden or unladen, and

not drawing, the Sum' of One Penny Half-penny : :

For every Drove cf Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or Ids Number ; And'	,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum ofSixpence per Score,‘ and fo in Proportion tor any g>eater or lei's Number.

XIV.	Apd be it further enacted. That the faid refpetftive Tolls hereinbefore granted fliall be and are hereby veiled in rhe faid Truftees, and (hall be applied' in fuch Manner as hereinafter mentioned ; and it fhall be lawful for,fuch Perfon or Performs as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fliall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand, collect, and take the lolls hereby granted and made payable; and if any Perfotj fubject to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls fhall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refute to pay the fame, it fliall be lawful for any Perfon or Per fins apj oin ed as aforefa id to colled: the faid Tolls, to feize and diflrain the Cattle or Carriage upon which fuch Toll is by this Act im-pofed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Perfon fo negleding or jtfufing ; arid if fuch Toll, and the reafo.nabic Charges of fuch Leizing and diftraining (which it fliall be lawful to do) fli.dl not be paid within the Space of Three Days, the Perfon or Perfons fo feizing and diftrainingfhali and may fell the Cattle, Carriages, or Goods fo ieized and diilrained, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls, and all reafonabie Charges of feizing, dKlraining, and felling the fame fliall be deducted.

No Toll to XV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Perfon fliall be liable croffin^thc to Pay Toll at any Toll Gate erected or to ce erected acrofs or on the Side Road.41 of the faid Road or Branch of Road, or be fubjed to any Penalty for any Carriage, Horfe or Beaft, which fhall only crofs fuch Road or Branch of Road, and fhall not pafs above One hundred Yards thereon.

Tolls veiled ir. Truftees.

Tolls to be XVI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein con-taken bl*t tained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable any Colle&or for pifllu/ of the faid Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One and repaiiing jQay, Fuch Day to be computed from Twelve of rhe Clock at Night to Whitechapel Twelve of the Clock in the next fucceeding Night, from any Perfon or Remand tie Perform whomfoever, for or in refpect or the fame Horfe, Beaft, or ihe River °f other Cattle, cr Coach, Charior, Chaife, Calafli, Berlin, Landau, or Xodtcg. Pleafure Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or Dray, or any other Carriage, 0fwh_.1t Nature or Deicription foever, palling and repafling through the ^ fame, or any other Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes', on fuch Parcs of then w Road as are fituate between the Road leading from the T&hite-chapel Road, hear to JamesJMepp.artf^ laid John FotbergtU*s% Plantation, and the Writ Side of the River Ryding.

ones a Dif,

and repairing

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing herein con-tmned fbiill extend or be cotiftrued to extend fo as to enable any Colle&or ofthefaid Tolls to demand or take any more than OneToil in any One Day, to be c nip died flam Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve

of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 92.	1717

the Clock	of the next fucceeding Night,	from	any Perfon or Pt rforis

whomfoever,	for or in refped of the fame H	rfe,	Bead, or other Cattle,	r d between

or C ach, Chariot, Chaife, Calalh, Berlin, Landau, or Plealure Carriage, CockcrmomU Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Drav, or any other Carriage, of what Nature Rainham or Description foevtr, palling and reoafling through the fame, or any	Bridge,

ether Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on fuch Parts of the Laid Roads as are fuuate on the new Road leading from Cockermouth Corner to Rainham Bridge.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein con-	^	ce

tained (ball extend or beconftrued to extend loas to enable any Colle&or	a Day, for

of the faid Tolls to demand or take any more than one Toll in any one Day,	Pa®ns re*

fuch Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve twecn8Aveiey ©f the Clock	of the next fucceeding Night,	from	any Perfon or Perfons	and Tilbury

whomfoever,	for or in refped of the lame Horfe,	Bead, or other Cattle	Fort‘

or Coach, Chariot, Chaife, Calalh, Berlin, Landau, or Plealure Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or Dray, or any other Carriage, of whatever Nature or Dcfcription foever, palling and repafling through the fame, or any other Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on fuch Parts of the faid Roads as are fuuate on the new Road leading from the Town of Avdey to near the Ferry Caufcway or Landing-place near to Tilbury Fort, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons producing a Ticket, denoting that the faid rcfpe&ive Toll has been paid in that Day on fuch Part of the faid Road refpe&ively, which Ticket the faid Colle&or cr Colle&ors, at each and every of the faid Gates or Turnpikes, is and are hereby required on Demand, to deliver gratis, on Payment of fuch Toll refp dively j and in Default thereof, fuch Collector or Colledors for every fuch Offence lhall forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Twenty Shillings, One Moiety thereof to be to the Ufe of the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers, to be applied to the Ufe of the faid Road.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or Toll Bar Litigation (hall arife, touching or in any wife relating to the faid Tolls, the Perfon or Perfons appointed to colled the fame, cr any other Perfon or neffirs. Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, lhall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit or Li igation, by

realon of his, her, or their being fo appointed to colled the laid Tolls, or ading under the Authority of the faid Truftees.

XX.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon owning, renting. Penalty on or occupying any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, near or adjoin- .Perf^:* evading che faid Road or Branch of Road, lhall go or pafs with any Cattle or lnsToU* Carriage through or over any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

or th ough any Gate, Paffage, Intlofure, Place, or Way, in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, or lhall knowingly or willingly permit or fuffer any other Perfon to go or pafs with any Cattle or Carriage through or over any fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in order or with Intent that the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof (hould be avoided} or if any Perfon lhall go or [pafs with any Cattle or Carriage through or over any fuch Lands, Tenements', or Here-ditaments, or through any Gate, Palfage, Inclofure, Place or Way in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls or anv [Luc. & Per.]	19	k.	Part

1718

48° GEORG II III. Cap. 92.

Part thereof; or if any Perfon ihall give to or receive from any Perfon, other than the Collector of the faid Tolls, any Note or Ticket by this Aft direfted to be given by the Collectors of the faid Tolls, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter any fuch Note or Ticker, or make ufe of any luch forged, counterfeited, or altered Note or Ticket, knowing the fame to have been forged, counterfeited, or altered, whereby the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof fhall be avoided ; or if any Perfon fliall forcibly pafs through any of the Turnpikes to be eredted as aforelaid, with any Carriage or Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls clue for the fame, or Ihall take off or caufe to be taken eft any Horfe or other Cattle from any Carriage, or Ihall claim and take the Benefit of any ot the Exemptions from Toll granted by this Aft, not being entitled to the fame ; or if the Owner or Hirer of any Carriage, Cattle, or other Perfon being the Driver or Rider thereof, having travelled cn the laici Road or Branch of Road or any Part thereof, fhall drive or turn out of the fame into any other Road, in order or with Intent to avoid paying any of the laid Tolls, and (hall afterwards return into or on the faid Road or Branch of Road or any Part thereof, with fuch Cattle or Carriage, or (hail do any other Aft whatfoever in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the faid Tolls or any Part thereof, every Perfon offending in any of the Calcs aforefaid fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, of which faid Penalty One Moiety fhail go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Clerk or Clerks oF the faid Truftecs, to be applied to and for the Benefit of the faid Road and Branch of Road.

rai^the^	And be it further enafted, That the faid Truftees, or any Five

Toll*.iy 1 or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as they fhall think proper, to leffcn, vary, or alter all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls hereby granted at all, any or either of the faid Turnpikes, and to raife the fame again, fo as they do not exceed the Tolls by this Aft granted, and fo as fuch Reduction or Alteration be made with the Confenc of the feveral Perfons who fhall be entitled to the Five-fixths Parts of the Money then due on the Credit of the Tolls j but no fuch Reduftion fhall be made unlefs Notice in Writing be given for that Purpofe, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpike Gates then erefted acrofs the faid Roads, at lead Fourteen Days bdore the Meeting for making fuch Reduftion or Alteration ; and fuch Tolls fo leffened, varied, or altered, fhall be collefted, recovered, and applied in the lame Manner as cheTolls hereby granted are direfted go be collefted, recovered, and applied*

Truftees em*	XXII. And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees or any Five

^om'ound0 or more tbern, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, tor the Tolls, from Time to Time, as they fhall fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term riot exceeding One Year at any One Time, with any Perfon or Perfons for any Horfes, Cattle, Beads, cr Carriages, palling through any of the laid Turnpikes or Toll Gates, fo that no Gompofmon fhall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire ; and all luch Compofmon Money fliall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwiie fuch Compoficion fhall be void.

3

XXIII.	Pro

48° GEORGII III. Cap.cji.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no Toll fhall be dcmandrd or taken for the Paffage of any Horle or other Bead drawing anv Can, Waggon, Wain or other Carriage, through any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Ad, laden with or empty, and going ior or remrning, ha-'ing been laden the fame Day with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials ior making or repairing of the faid Road or Branch of Road, cr any Parc or Parts thereof refpeftively, or for any Horle or other Beaft drawing any Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with Hay, or Corn in the Straw only, or other Produce, from or to any of the Lauds in the Occupation of the refpeftive Inhabitants of the feveral Parifhes in which the laid Road or Branch of Roid lie, or any neighbouring Paiifhes, and to be laid up in rhe Houfes, Barns, Outhoules, or Yard', of fuch Inhabitants; nor for any Horfe, Bead or ocher Cattle drawing any fuch Carriage belonging to luch Inhabitants refpectively, going empty for the Purpt L of loading fuch Hay, or Corn in the Straw only, or other Produce, or laden with Seed to be fawn* or morning empty having been laden therewith on the fame Day ; nor fhall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for ar.y Carriage laden with Dung or other Manure to be irfed for the Improvement of Land (Lime and Chalk excepted); nor fhall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken horn any Reftor, Vicar, Curate, or ary other Perfon or Perfons r Tiding in any of the faid Parifhes through which the faid Road or Branch of Load leads, who fhall pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to or from their proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of RebgTus Worfmp on Sundays, or on Chriftmas Day, or on Gcod Friday ; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corple, or going to or attending the funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried in any of the Parifhes in which the faid Road or Branch of Road lie; nor fhall any Toll be demandrd or taken at any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, for any Horfe or Cattk going to or from Water, or to cr from anv La ft u re, or giiug to or returning from being (hoed or farried ; or for any H rf s or Car'iag.es, of whatever Uefcriptior, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcffcs under the Authority of His Majority's Poll ra after Ge neral, either when employed in conveying of guarding fuch Mails or ExpveflcS, cr in returning back from conveying the lame; or . for loch Hoift as h or fhall be ufed only to ride on by the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Carr, or Carriage, provided fuch Horfe pafs through the laid Turnpike or Turnpikes with fuch Waggon, Cart, or C mage; nor ftiiljl ary Toll be demanded or taken for the Horics of any Soldiers that are upon their March, or for Carts, .Carriages Pr Waggons “attending them, or for their Aims and Baggage; nor lha.ll any Toll be dtmr.dc.-d or taken ior any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifbed by or for any Perjon belonging to any Corps of yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry, ar.d rede by him in going to or returning from any Plate appointed for Exercife, Infpeclion, or Review, provided that fuch PcrioB is in -iIk Uniform of his Cor.ps, and. Has his Arms.Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Reguladof s appt inted for fuch Corps, at (he Tune of claiming the Exemption; or for Horfes, Carts, cr ■Waggons travelling with Vagrants fent bp. legal PalTes: Provided always, that during the Continuance of this Aft, all Horfes, Beafts, or other Cattle drawing Coaches and Paflcngers on Hoifcbatk, (hail pafs and re-pals Tol-free or. the Day or Days on which there fhall be an Elcftion fur & Knight or Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for the faid

County

1719

prrfon* and Things exempted fKm To.I.

Paflenger* on Election D.iys tor Knigh.s of the Shire far Efiex

J72o

directing a certain Part of the Road to he completed before the other Parte are be^un.

Truftees not to make any Part of the Road until a Aifficient Sum of Money is fublcribed to complete certain Parti thereof.

Power to borrow Money.

porm of Mortgage.

Copies to be made.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

Cbuhty of EJfex-, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwkh-Handing.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the whole of fuch Part of the faid Road as is within or directed to be made through the feveral Parifhes of Weft Ham, Eajl Ham, and Barking afor«faiJ, fhall be made and completed before any other Part of the faid Road fhall be begun, cr any Money expended thereon.

XXV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, to begin to make any Part or Parts of the faid Road through the Parifhes of Weft Ham, E<rft Ham, and Barking, or any Part or Parts of the faid Road through the Parifhes of Dagenham, Hornchurch, and Rainbam, until there fhall be a fufficient Sum of Money fubfcribed to make and complete all thole Parts of the faid Road through the faid Parifhes of Weft Ham, Eaft Ham, Barking, Dagenham, Hornchurch, and Rainbam.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for. the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more’of them, upon Fourteen Days previous Notice to be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then Handing upon the faid Road or Branch of Road, to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall from Time to Time think fit, upon the Credit of the faid Tolls, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to affign over or mortgage the faid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Charges of fuch Alignments or Mortgages to be paid out of fuch Tolls) to any Perfon or Perfons for any Term during the Continuance of this Ad, as a Security or Securities for the Payment of the feveral Sums that fhall be borrowed, with the Intereft thereof j which Alignments or Mortgages fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

1 T> Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majefty ‘ ^ King George the Third, intituled, u An Ad, fhere fet forth the ' Title of this Jiff\ We, Seven of the Truftees for putting the faid Ad in 1 Execution, in confideration of the Sum of

to the Treafurer or Treafurers for the faid Road in Hand 1 paid by	Do	hereby	grant

and affign unto the faid	Exe-

; cutors, Adminiftrators, and Aligns, fuch Proportion of the Tolls ' arifing by virtue of the faid Ad, and of the Turnpikes and TollHoufes ; for colkding the fame, as the faid Sum of

doth or fhall bear to the whole Sum now due and owing or to be advanced on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from the Day of	in	the	Year	of	our

Lord	for	and

during the Continuance of the faid Ad, unlefs the faid Sum of wich Intereft at the Rate of for One hundred Pounds for a Year fhall be fooner repaid and fatisfied. Witnefs our Hands and Seals the Day of	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

And Copies of all fuch Alignments or Mortgages as fhall be granted by virtue of this Ad, fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for

that

172.1

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

that Purpofc by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, within Sixty Davs after the Dace thereof refpeftively, who (hall examine and compare the fame with the Original, and acted the fame at the Foot of every luch Copy ; but no Money ihail be borrowed upon thcCreditof the faid Tolls after the Firft Meeting of the (aid Trudees, unlcls Notice in Writing fhail be tor that Purpofc affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then (landing acrois the Lid Road or Branch of Road, and the fame be advertifed once at lead in one of the Newfpapers printed in the faid County of EJfe* at lead Twency-one Days before the borrowing thereof j and all Alignments and Mortgages which fha.l be made in the Form and Manner aforefaid (hall be good, valid, and effedual in the Law, to all Intents and Pur-poles ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any Alignments or Mortgages fhail be made as aforefaid, or who Ihail be entitled to the Money thereby rcfpeftively fecured, may from Time to l ime, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, transfer his her, or their Right, Title, and Intered in and to the Principal and Intered thereby fecured, to any Perfon or Perfons whoml'oever; which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

being entitled to the Sum of

*	fecured	to	Executors,

*	Adminiftrators, and Aligns, by virtue of an Alignment or Mortgage

*	bearing Date the	Day of

‘ underlie Hands and Seals of Seven of the Trudees afting in theEx-‘ ecution of a certain Aft of Parliament, made and palled in the Forty-‘ eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third,

*	intituled, 4 An Aft [here fet forth the Title of this Ati~\ nude of the

*	Tolls arifing on the faid Road, do hereby transfer ail my Right and 4 Title in ana to the faid Sum of

*	and all Intered now due for the fame, unto

4	Executois,	Adminidrators, and Aligns,

4 Dated the	Day	of

Which faid Transfer (hall be produced 2nd notified to the faid Clerk or Clerks within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who (hall caufe a full Copy thereof to be entered in the faid Book or Books to be kept for entering the faid original Alignments or Mor gages, and atted the <ame, for which the faid Clerk or Clerks Ihail be paid the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more*, which faid Book or Books lhall and may, at all feafonabfe Times, be perufed and infpefted without Fee or Rcw rd ; and after fuch Entry made, every fuch Transfer lhall entitle fuch Alignce, his, her, or their Executors or Adminidrators, to the Benefit thereof and Piyimnc thereon, and it Ihail not be in the Power of any Perfon making fuch Transfer to make void, releaft or difeharge the fame, or any Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and ail Perfons to whom any fuch Alignments or Mortgages fhail be made as aforefaid, and their refpeftive Aligns and Representatives, lhall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein mentioned refpeftivcly. Creditors on the faid Tolls, in equal Degree one with another, and lhall have r,o Preference in refpeft of the P io ity of advancing fuch Monies, or the Dates of luch Alignments j and all and every fuch Copies of the original Alignments or Mortgages, and Transfers, fo entered in the faid Book or Books, and atteded by the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, (hall be deemed, confidered, and taken as original Alignments or Mortgages, and Transfers, and lhall be received [Loc. 8 Per.]	1 $R	in

M-moriala ■ I fuch T1 ansfers to be regittsied.

Creditors to hare no Prc« Itr.ncc,

VJ2H

48°GEORGfI III. Cap. 92.

in all Courts ot Law and Equity and dfrwhere, as Evidence of fuch original Afiignments or Mortgages, and Transfers, in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as it iuch original Aflign.ncnts or Mortgages, and Transfers, were produced.

pwrehafing XXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of opening kc^fir^Koad. an^ making the faid Road and Branch of Road, it (hall be lawful for the faid Truibees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to treat and agree for the Purchafe of ali Houles, Buildings, Ertftions, Tolls, Grounds Lands,Tenements, and Hereditaments fnuate on or a'ong the Line of the faid Road or Bianch > f Hoad, or fuch and fo many thereof as the faid Truftees or any F v* or more or them (hall agree to purchafe, and alfo to treat or agree tor he L >fs or Damage which the Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Inch H..tiles. Buildings, Eredions, Tolls, Grounds, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhail or may any Way fuftain or be put unto by the opening and making of the faid Road or Branch of Read ; and upon Payment of Iuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhail be agi-eed upon for Iuch Purchafe or Pur-chales as a Satisfaftion for fuch Lofs or Damage, or as fhail oe adjudged oraffeffed ir» the Manntr hereinafter mentioned'and d feribed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Trultees or any Five or more of them to caufe all fuch Houfcs, Ertftions, and Buildings wharfoewr, or f ch or fo many or lo much thereof as they fhail deem neceflary, to be taken down, and. the Ground whereon fuch Houfcs. Eredicns, and Build ngs now Itand, and the other Grounds, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lo to be purchafed, or any Part or Parts thereof, to: be laid into the laid Road or Bianch ot Road, and that fuch Parts of the Lands or Grounds as fhail be fo laid into the faid Road or Branch o! Road, fhail, when fo laid in, be deemed and taken as a Public Highway, and uled as fuch Hr ever afterwards.

In Cafes	XXVIII.	Piovided	always,	and	be	it	further	enacted.	That in all Cafes

where the	where the fa d intended Road fhail be propofed to be made and cur through

i^fhrough*	any Clofe or Parcel of Land, and fuch Cloie or Land would by the making

anv T nnci, the of the faid Road be fepa ared or divined inioTwo or more Parcels f Land, T^cnaiVmch eac^ cr cither being of a kfs Quantity than Two Acres, lying togeider, Land, &c. then and in every fuch Cafe, and all'oin all Cafes wh re the Property of* any Perl'on or Perfons, which may be wanted for the faid Road, lhall be lefs than Two Acres of Land, or by being uled or taken for the Purpoles of this Aft, would be reduced to a it fs Quantity of Land than Two Acres lying together, the (aid Tiuflees (hall and are hereby required (on me Application of the Owner or Owners, or Pcrfon or Perfons tor the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof) to purchafe not on'y the Part of every fuch Clofe or Parcel of Land which fhail be required by the faid Truftees for the Purpofes of this Aft, but alio Iuch Piece of Land-lefs than Two Acres lying together (except in refpeft to any f, ch Pieces of Land kfs than Two Acre*, which fhail adjoin to other Land or the fame Owner, and with fuch other'Land would make the Quantity of Two-Acres lying together) in like Manner as they the faid Trufteea aie empowered to puichafe any other Linds neceffary for the Purpoles of this Act, and to pay, apply, and diipofcof the Purchafe Money rt the fame Time and' in the fame Manner as ihe Purchafe Money for that Part of any fuch Cloie-

or^

*723

48* GEORGII lit. Cap.q2.

or Parcel of Land which may be required for making the faid Road, would by virtue of this Adi be payable or appiicaole.

XXIX.	And whereas by rearon of the Purchafes which the faid Truflees, or any Five or mere of them, are hereby empowered and required to m.ke, by virtue of this A6t, or by reafon of the diverting of Lm:: Part or Parrs of the faid Road or B anch of Road, they may happen to b< ftifed of feme Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of fome Piece or Pared of old Road or Roads over and aoove what Hull be necella y for tfF. ding the Purposes of this Adi; be it therefore further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Trufteec, or any Five or more of tfu m, to fell and dilpofe of fuch Piece or Pieces ot Ground, or Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads, either together or injParcels, as, they fhall find moft convenient and advantageous to lucn Perfon or Perlons as fhall be willing tocomrad for and pur-chafe the lame.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Adt, the laid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, fhall in the firft Place pay all the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and palling this Act, or in any wife relating thereto*, and the R.mainder of fuch Monies fhall from Time toTime be applied in paying for the Houf s. Lands, Grounds, and Tolls to be purchased under this Adi, and in making fuch Compenfations as are herein dirtdled to be made, and in eredting Turnpikes and Toll Houles, and making, repairing, widening, diverting, and amending the laid Road and Branch of Road, B idges, and Arches, and paying the Principal and Intercfl of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and in defraying the neceffary Expences attending the Execution of this Adi, and to no other Ufe or Purpol'e whatfoever.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyors or Surveyor and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cart)', from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the laid Road and Branch of Road hereby authorized to be made is intended to pafs, and to (take out the Line in fuch M inner as the faid Truflees,or any Five or more of them fhall think necefiary or proper, without being deemed a Trefpafier or Trefpaffers, and without being fubjefl or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punifhment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of !uch Lands o*- Grounds, refpedivcly, for any of the Purpofes of this A61, making Stisfaflion to the Occupiers of fuch Lands and Grounds for the Damages that fhall be done to tbeLand or Ground on the Sides of the faid Road and Branch of Road, wiullt the fame fhall be making; and if any Perfon fhall wilfully pull up. remove, or deftroy any of the Stakes or other Marks ufed in laying out any fuch Road and Branch of Road, every Perfon fo offending mail forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds ; and that all fuch Parts of the faid Lands or Grounds as fhall be fo la'd into the laid Road or Bianch of Road, fhall, when fo laid inta the faid Ruad oi Branch of Road, be deemed and taken as a public Highway, and ufed as fuch far ever af.er.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaSed, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to authorize or

4	empower

Truftres empowered to fell Ground

lor tlie Pur-pufc s of this A it.

AppMcatpn of th*? Tolls and Money borrowed.

and wake the Read.

not to

bw 1 e^a..

be made until

I724

the Owners of the Landi fh1! be ;«id their jf'urchafe Monty,

Surveyors to get Gravel, &C.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

empower the faid Truftees, or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or any ether Perfi.n or Perfons, to begin to make the hid intended Road or Branch of R ad in, upon, through or over any pr.vate Lands, Grounds, or Hereditament , until the O.vr.er or Pioprietor, and every Perfon intereftrd therein, (hall be paid and farisfied, the Pur-chaie Money to be air. ed upon or adjudged, or afleffed in the Mariner herein mentioned, for fuch private Lands, Grounds, o> Hereditaments to be taken for the Purpofes of this At\, or fuch Purchafe Monty Rail be paid into the Bank of England in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in the Manner and luhjedt to the Conditions, Ord rs, and Reftridtions by this A& directed, where Perfons cannot be found to treat with, as the Cafe may be.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to br appointed by virtue of this Ad, and fuch other Perfon or Perluns as (hall br employed by fuch Surveyor or Surveyors, or by thr faid Truftees or any Fiye or more of them, is and are h. reby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take and carry away any Furze, Heath, G-avrl, S nd, or other Materials, proper for the nuking and repair ng of the laid R >id and B anch of Roid, and the Bridges, Walls, and Fences in or upo i the fame, in, upon, or out of or from any WalleGiou ids, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers or Brooks in any Parilh, Hamlet, orPl.ce in which any Pan of ,he faid Road and Branch of Ro^d lie, or in any adjacent Parifb, H-imlet, or Place, to be ufed in the nuku g and repairing of the faid Road and Branch of Road, without paying any Clung for the fame; and provided there (hall be no other fa!e and convenient Way to carry fuch Materials, to cart and carry the lame over the Lands and Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Yard, Ga-den, Orchard, Park, Paddock, plant'd Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or any incloled Ground planted and fet apart as a Nurfery for Trees) nuking Sansfa&ioo as herein-;iter mentioned, fuch Suivcyor or Surveyors or other Perfon or Perfons filling up the Pks and levelling the Ground from which fuch Materials fhall be taken, or railing or fencing dff fuch Pits, fo that the fame may not be dangerous to Paficngers or Cattle; and if fuch Quantities of Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand or other Mateiials proper and lufficient for that Purpofe, cannot be had or found in or upen fuch Wufte Grounds, Commons or uncultivated Lands, Rivers or Brooks, contiguous to that Part of the faid Road and Branch of Road therewith to be made and repaired, then and in luch Cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, may. by Order of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, cut, dig and make Pits and get, gather, take and carry away any fuch Materials as aforefaid, in, upon, or out of or from and over the Lands or Grounds ot any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Wa k or Avenue to a Houf', or any inclofed Ground planted and fet apa t as a Nurtery for Trees) paying or tendering Payment to the refpective Owners or Occupiers of fuch Lands or Grounds for fuch Damages for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking and carrying away the laid Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Maieri.ds go:ten in any Waite Giound, Commons, or ui cultivated Lands, Rivers or Brooks as aforefaid, over their Lands or Grounds, as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them (hall think reafonable ; and in cafe of any

Difference

48*GEORGII III. Cap. 92.	1725

Difference between the laid Truftees or any of ihem, or their Surveyor or J 'ftice,fo Surveyors, or other P rfon or Perf>ns bv them appointed or employed as Differences, aforefaid, and the laid Owners or Occupiers or any or either of them, concerning the faid D>mages the Juftices of the Peace for the County,

Liberty, Diftri^l or Pace wherein fuch Lands or Grounds ihall lie, at their General Quarter S’llions of the Peace to be held in and for the fame County, Liberty, Diftr;& or Place, next after fuch Difference (hall arife, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the faid Suiveyor or Surveyors to fuch Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or to be left at his, her, or their refpettive Place of Abode, fliall hear, fettle, and determine the Matter of the laid Damage, and the Colts attending the hearing and determining the fame; whofe Judgment and Order therein Ihall be final and conclufive to ail Parties.

XXXIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That it Notices^tobe (hall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Perfon or copiers ct C* Perfons under the Authority of this A<ft, to dig, gather, take and carry Lmds, before away G avel or othrr Materials for making or repairing the faid Road ^tike* for or Branch of Road, Bridges, Walls, and Fences, out of or from any re.-airing the inclofed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing Ihall have been given Ra3ds*

to the Occupier of the Premifcs from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or left for fuchOccupier at his or her uiual Place of Rrfidence, to appear for himfelf <>r hurfelf or his or her Agent before the faid Truftees or any F ve or more cf them, or any Two or more Juftices of the Peace acting for the faid County, Liberty cr Diftricf, to Ihew Caufe why fuch Materials Ihall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds; and in Cafe fuch Occupier or his or her Agenc Ihall attend purfuant to fuch Notice, the find Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fuch Juftices, if they relped vdy Ihall fo think proper, ihall and may authorize fuch Surveyor or Survey >rs, or other Perfons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away fuch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to the faid Truftees or any Five or m re of ihem, or fuch Juftices, Ihall feem proper *, and if fuch Occupier (hall r-egledf or refufe to appear by himfelf or herfelf, or his or her Ag.nr, before the faid Truftees or fuch Juftices as aforefaid, then and i 1 luch Cafe the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or fuch Juft ccs, Ihall and may make fuch Order therein as they Ihall think fir, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if luch Occupier 01 ms or her Agent had attended.

XXXV.	And be it fur'her ens&ed, That it ihall be lawful for the faid surveyors Survey^ r or Surveyors, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they Ihall ir.^y m.ue appoint (fuch Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order in W.iting for that

Purp >ir f om the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them) to make *’	*

CauFways in and upon and to communicate with the faid Road or Branch of Ro d, and dfo bv O der in Writing of Five or more of the faid Truftees to bu 1.1 and e<ed Feme Walls and Railings on the Sides or B^nks of any Riveis, Rivulets, Cre<ks, or Streams of Water adjoining or contiguous to thr laid kod or Branch ot Road and Bridges, and alio to make any Ditches in, under, or upon the (aid Road or Branch of Road, and in, upo 1, under and through any Grou ids, lying contiguous thereto, in or icr to conduct the Water from off the fa d Road or Branch of Road, h t bting the Ground whereon any Houfe or Outbuilding ftands, ora Ya.d, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a [Lie. CS Pr }	19	S	Houfe,

1726	48°GEORGII	III.	Cap.92.

Houfe, or any inclofed Ground planted and fct apart as a Nurfery ^or Trees, and alfo by Order of <ny Five or more of the laid Truftees to build, ered or repair, and krep in Repair any Bridge of Bridges, Arc& or A>c it s, Trunk or Trunks, F»- nee Wa!i or Wall?, Railing or Railing^ upon any P it or Parts of the faid Road or Branch cf Road, and acro*s any Cana's, Rivers, Rivulets, Streams of Water, Watercouiftrs, Sewers, D tches, cr Drains therein or contiguous thereto, mak ng luch Recom-pc-nce to the Owners and Occupiers of private Grounds relpectiveiy for tly D:m ge^ they fhall or may thereby fuftain, as (hall be adjudged real' nable by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them; and in c ne i any D fference concerning fuch Damages, rhe Juftices ol t.»e Peace for .he la d County, at the General Quarter Stflions of the Peace next a te fuch Differences fhall arife, and on fuch Notice to be given as laft-mentioned, fhall hear, fettle, and determine the Matter of the faid Damages, and the Cofts attending the hearing and determining the fame, ■whole Judgment and Order therein fhall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but that no Satisfaction fhall be made for doing and performing any of the Wo ks aforefaid upon or through any Wafte Ground, Common, cr uncultivated Land.

Fencing of	XXXVI. And whereas fome Part or Parts of the faid Road or Branch

commons,	of Road may lead over or by the Sides of Open Fields, Common^, or

Wafte Grounds, whereby the Payment of Tolls may be evaded, in order therefore to prevent fuch Evafion, be it enafted, That the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them may caufe Fences and Ditches to be ereft ed and made over fuch Parts of fuch open Fields, Commons, or Wafte Grounds, as they fhall think neceifary, in order to prevent Payment of the Tolls being evaded j and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pull down or in anywife difplace or carry away any fuch Fence or any Parc thereof, or fhall in anywife fill in or fpoil any fuch Ditch, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounus, over and above the Expences of replacing the fame.

Walls and XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where any madTVinre iRclofed Land fhall be cut through for the Purpofes of this Aft, the faid the Road Truftees fhall make or caufe to be made proper Walls or Quickfet Fences Ku Vi* v/here neceffary, as the Cafe fhall require, fo as effeftually to guard and do ed Lauds, fence off the Lands adjoining ro the faid Road, and alio proper Gates, *tc*	Bridges, and Arches where neceffary, out of the faid Road into the Lands

adjoining, and fhall keep the Quickfet Fences fo to be made in good Order and Repair for the Term of Three Years from the Time that fuch Quickfet Fences fhall have been made or planted, or in the Compenfaton to be made, as well to the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Land, the making and fo keeping in Repair fuch Fences, Gates, and Arches, Dykes or Ditches, as the Cafe fhall req ire, fhall be taken into Confidc-ration, and an Allowance made for the fame.

Tniitees to XXXVIII. And whereas there is a private Bridle and Drift Road lead-'^tiaVfor *ng from Wall End in the faid Parifh of Eaft Ham% to and over Three s on a ^ feveral Bridges adjoining to Barking Mills, and the leveral Perfons through or DiTiVnoad whofe Lands the laid Road paffes, and the feveral P rfuns who repair the Jeadin from faid Road and the Bridges thereon, receive Toll for Horles and other

KI

1727.

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

Part of the Lid intended Road and Communication Bridges from Wall Endaforefaid to Barking Q^ ay, by vutue of this A£t, the faid Bridle and Drifc Road will become ukiefs ; belt therefore muffed, That Compcti-fation for fuch Tolls fhall be made to the fevcral Pcrlons refpechvely in-terefted therein, out of the Monies to be railed, received, or collected by virtue of this Adt, except to the Owners and Tenant of Barking Mills, fuch C mpenfation to be agreed upon or adjudged and affcfled in Manner by this Ad directed, in regard to Lands to be taken by the faid Truflees or any Five or moie of them for making the faid intended Road, and to be paid to the Perf »n or Per Tons entided to the fame, or into the Bank of England (as the CTe may be) before that Part of the faid intended Road between Wall TwJ aforefaid and Barking Quay fh 11 be begun to be mode; and as a Compenfation to the faid Owners and Tenant of the faid Mills, for their refpedive Incerefts in the faid Tolls, the faid Truflees from and afrer they (hall beg n to make that Part of the f id intended Road between Wall End aforefaid and Barking Quay, fhall maintain and repair the faid Drift and Bridle Road, and a Bridge called Hand Trough Bridge, and alfo the faid Three Bridges adjoining to the faid Mills, until fuch Part of the faid intended Road from Wall End aforefaid to Barking Quay, and the necefiary Communication Bridges fhall by v irtue of this Ad be completed ; and when and lb foon as fuch Part of the faid intended Road and Communication Bridges fhall be completed, the Lid Truflees fhall no longer be obliged to maintain and repair the faid Bridle and Drift Road, or any Bridge which fhall not be uftd for the Purpofe of the laid intended Road; and fuch Bridges as fhall be ufed for the Purpofe of the faid intended Road fhall thenceforth become public Bridges, and fnall be ufed and enjoyed as fuch for ever afterwards, and fo foon as the faid Truflees fhall have made fuch Compenfation for the fajd Toils, the faid Toils fhall vefl in the faid Truflees; and from and after thatPart of thefaid intended Road between/^//

End and Barking Quay and the ntcefLry Communication Bridges fhall be completed, the laid Bridle and Drift Road fhall be no longer uled as fuch, and the Pcrlbn or Perfons now liable to repair the faid Bridge called Hand Trough Bridge, fhall be at Liberty to take down the fame for his or their own Ufe and Benefit, and from and after the taking down the fame Bridge, the Lands over which fuch Bridle and Drift Road as heretofore pafled lhall remain in the Occupation and Poffefiiori of the prefent Occupiers and FofTeflbrs as they now are, and exonerated from fuch Bridle and Drift Road over the fame.

XXXIX. And be it further enadted, That it fliall and may be lawful Power fo arch for the faid Truflees, or any Five or more of them, at their own proper SrtSter'sew-Cofls and Charges, under the D rection and Infpedlion, and to the Satis- trs or Drains, fadtion of the C<>mm dinners of S w.rs, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to caufe all or any Sowers or Drains which lhall be and lie in or near the intended Line of ihe faid Road or Branch of Road, to be filled or (topped op, arched over, widened, or otheiwife altered as they fnall think necefiary for making or completing the faid Road or Branch of Road; Co as they andtobsiid the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them, do and fhall, previous to their flopping up the fame, nuke and build, and they are hereby au- jectionsof thoriz.d and required to make and build, in lieu of the faid Sewers and Drainsfo to be fill dor Hopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of fufticient sowers. ° Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premifes adjoining or near to the laid Road or Branch of Road, and as ferviceable

and

1728

48” GEORGII in. Cap.qi.

and convenient in all Ref, efts as the Sewers or Drains fo to be filled of Such Sewers flopped up; an 1 all fuch and fo much of the faid Sewers and Drains as »i> ard*tinker	be f made in lieu of the prefent Sewers, that are now under the

tht Di ection Difcftion of ihe Comm'fli mers of Sewers, fhall, immediately upon their m'ffi'wSbof ^e',nS ^ade, become vifted, and be and remain under the immediate Scwu«. Direction of the Commiflioners of Sewers far the feveral Diftrifts through which ti-ic laid Road or Branch of Road lhall pafs, who fhall have and exrcifc thrPowers and Authorities already vefted in them as Commit fio e*s upon and over the fame : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained fhail extend or be confirm d to extend to alter, reftrain, enlarge or make void the Powers and Authorities of His M ijefty’s Jultices and Commiflioners o* S wers for the faid Diilrifts through which the faid Road or Bran h of Road lhall paf«, and that their Powers and Authorities lhalt remain, extend, and be ov r the whole of thofe, as the fame would have been in cafe this Aft had not been made.

JmjSve XL. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Nuiianccs. Truftees or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and tuch Perion or Pcrfons as they or he lhall appoint from Time to Time ( och Surveyor 01 Surveyors having an Order tor that Purpofe from the faid 1 ruftetsor any Five or moie or them) to remove and prevent all Naifahces on any Part of the faid Road or Branch of Road, by Filth, Dung, Alhes, Rubbilh, St aw, or otherwise, and to turn any Water-courtes. Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the faid Road or Bun h of R >ad, and to o, en, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or make deeper any Watcrcourfes or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the fame as deep and large as he or they lhall think neceffary, and at proper Seafons of the Year to lop, top, plafli, or cut down any Trees, Shrubs, or Bufhes, growing or to gfow on the laid Road or Branch of Road, or in the Hedges or B nks afj cent thereto relpeftively, not being a Girden, Oichard. Plantation, W Ik, or Avenue to a Houfe, and to tvke and carry away the fame in cafe the Owners or Occupurs of the Premifes lhall, lor the Spec of Teh Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe by fuch Surveyor or Survtyois, negltft to lop, top, plalh, cut down, or remove Inch Trees, Shrubs, or Bufhes, or to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or deepen fuch Watercourfes or Ditches, or remove fuch other Nufancts, in luch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of than, or »he faid Surveyor or Surveyors fhall require ; the Charges whereof (to be fettled by the faid Truftees or any Five or mo;e of them) lhall be tcimburfed to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors by fuch Owners or Occupiers, and fhall be recovered and applied in fuch Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft are herein directed to be recovertd and applied ; and if after Removal of any of the faid Nuf fauces any Perion lhall again offend in like Manner, every fuch Perfon fhall for ev ry fuch Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

RePrainin* XLI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing herein the rrune'8 conramed fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to enable the faid cmaiu'c*!?. * Truftees or any of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons, to take down vered Way or remove a certain covered Way or P„ffige out of and from a certain Baking8 tC Granary belonging to Barking Mills, in the Occupation of William Smith Mills. 01 Bar'tngs to and into the faid M.ils, lave and except the faid Truftees Iha.lj out of the Monies to be railed, received, or collefted by virtue of

this

1729

480 GEORGII III. Cop. 92.

this Aft, ereft and build cr caufe to be erefted and built another covered Way or Paffage out of an.i fr om cite laid Granary to and into the (aid Mills, of the like Di mentions, and as commodious to the Owner and Occupier of the laid Mills, and as fubftantial as the prefent covered Way or Paflhge, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe the faid Truf- incareacer-tees (hall take down or remove or caufe to he taken down or removed any Part of the faid Granary, then and in luch Cafe the laid Pruftees fhall and b2 uied, thfe they are hereby required forthwith, out of the Monies toberaifed, received or collefted by virtue of this Act, as a Satisfaction to the Owners and maintained Proprietors of luch Granary, well and fufficiently to fupport and ftrengthen or caufe to be fupported and (Lengthened the Foundation of the Remain- Trustee*! der of the faid Granary, and to inclofe or caufe to be inclofcd with Weather Boarding the Space which (hall be left open after fuch Part of the faid Granary fhall be taken down or removed ; and the faid Truftees (hall alio forthwith make, ereft, and finifh, or caufe to be made, erefted, and finilhed, in a fubftantial and workmanlike Manner, out of the Monies to be rafted, received, or collected by virtue of this Aft an additional Story over the Remainder of the faid Granary, of the fame Scale and Dimcnfion as the Parc which will remain of the prefent upper Story of the laid Granary, with a proper Roof and Floor thereto ; and after the fame fhall be fo completed, the Owners or Occupiers of the faid Granary fhall maintain and repair the fame.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Enabling the Ownc s or Proprietors o(Bqrking Mills, or the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, occiH-rs of to make and Jay upon, over, and across the faid intended Road an Iron Barkin^MUia Railway from the f d Mills to the Granary oppofite thereto, for the tomakea Purpolecf conveying Corn and other Things to and from the faid Granary thcRoad^ppcv and Mills; provided, fuch Railway (hall not in any Manner obftruft the fiteto thePaid free Ufe of rhe Lid Road, or project more than one Inch above the Level Mll!s‘ of the faid Road.

XLIV. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees may T'uftees cr any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and J£rtthe*Road. empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time to widen, divert,

(horten, vary, turn and alter the Coerfe cr Path of any Part or Parts of the laid Road or Branch of Road; and that fuch Road and Branch of Road and every Variation may be of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Wafte Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and alfo through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, not exceeding Forty Feet, inclufive of the Ditches and Fences on each Side thereof, not being the Scite of or Ground whereon any Houfc or Houfes (land, or Planted Walk, Yard, Garden, Park,

Paddock or Avenue to a.iy Houfe, (lift; making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Perfons intertflrd therein, for the Damages they may fuftain thereby; and for that Purpofe it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, to treat, conrraft, and agree with the Owners of and perfons inte-efttd in any Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchafe or Exchange thereof, or for the Lofs or Damage fuch Owners or Peifons may lultain by the making, widening, diverting,

[Loc. & Per.']	19	T	turning,

*730

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 92.

turning, or altering the Courfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the fait! Road or Branch or Road through luch Lands and Hereditaments; and ii (hall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life and Fee Tail General or Sp c al, WufbandSs Guardians, Twftees or Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees whatfoever, not oniy for and on Behalf of themfclves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their Ceftuique T-ufts, whether Femes Coverts, Infants, Illue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Perfon or Perfons whom-i'oever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or fliall be ieife-d of or inteiefted in their own Right, and to and for all anti every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who are or (hall be poffeffed of and interested in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the faid Trustees or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfa&ion to be made for fuch Damages as aforefaid, or to fell and convey unto them or any Five or more of them, all or any of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and all Contra&s, Sales, and Conveyances, which lhall be fo made, fliall be valid to all Interns and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage, or other Matter to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding; and all fuch Bodies. Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Huibands, Guardians, Truflees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons, ihali be and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue or in puriuance of this Ad.

Retraining XLV. And whereas a Map or Plan, deferibing the Line of the faid fronTdtviar- R0<id and the Lands through which the fame is intended to be carried, ing mere than toge-her with a Book of Reference, containing Lifts of the Names of no"Jihc Line	Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been

laid down in depofited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of the pkin.	be it therefore enacted, That the faid Map or Plan and Book of

Reference fhail remain in the Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the End that all Perfons may at any reafonabledimes have Liberty to infpecl: and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extrads thereof at their Will and Pleafure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every luch Infpedion, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies or Extrads of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference ; and that the faidTrufteesin making, widening, diverting, ftioricning, varying, turning, or altering the faid Road, fhall not deviate more than Forty Feet from the Line deferi bed in fuch Mapor Plan, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Per Ion or Perfons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Grounds fuch Deviation fhall be made, fuch Confent to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of EJfcx.

Truttees may XLVI. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That it fliall and may R^-J through be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid Road into, through, the Lands of acro s, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the fame of Refer-	is fet out and deferibed as aforefaid, although the Name or Names of fuch

tree, icc.	per:0n or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference,

in cafe it lhall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the

faid

I731

48° GEORGII III. Cap.92.

faid County of Effex, and be certified in Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omifiion proceeded from Miftake; fuch Certificate to be annexed to and depofited with the faid Book of Reference in the Cuftody of the faid Clerk of the Peace.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life cr in Fee Tail General or Special, Huflbands, Guardians, Truftees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, A.dminiftrato;s, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Duelling Eloufe or Dwelling Houfes, Place or Places of Abode, of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Co:poration Aggregate or Sole, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pofleffion of the Lands and Hereditaments through which any Part of the faid Road an,! Branch of Road is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned or altered, fhall, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after fuch Notice given or left as aforefaid, negleft or refufe to treat, or fhall not. agree in the Premifes, or by real'on of Abfence fhall be prevented from treating, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, fhall caufe fuch Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and afeerrained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County, Diftrift, or Place wherein fuch Lands or Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto the faid Truftees or any Five cr more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, to fummon and call before fuch Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon and Perfons whomioever who fhall be thought neceflary and proper to be examined concerning the Premifes (which Oath any One or more of the faid Truftees is and are hereby empowered to adminifterl, and fuch Truftees or any Five or more of them, fhall, by ordering a View or othtrwife, ufe all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the faid Jury’s Information in the Premifes; and after the faid Jury fhall have inquired of and affeffed fuch Damages and Recompence, they the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them fhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, fb affeffed by the faid Jury, to be paid to the faid Owners and other Perfons interefted in the faid Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Verdid or Inquifition of fuch Jury ; which faid Verdict or Inqui-fition and Judgment, Order and Deterininatipn thereon, fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes, againft the Perfons and Parties whomioever claiming or to claim any Eftate in Pofleffion, Reverfion, or othenvile, their Heirs and Succeffcrs, as well abfent as prefent, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Perfons under any other Disability w’natfoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomioever ; and for fummoning and returning fuch Juries, the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County wherein fuch Lands or Hereditaments do lie, commanding him to impannel, fummon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Perfons, qualified to ferve on Juries, to appear before luch Truftees or any Five or more of them, at luch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants (hall be appointed ; and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby

required

Where Perrons intcreft-ed neglect cr refaie to treat;

the Damage* and R-com-

fettled by a July.

Verdict of the Jury to be final-

Truftees em. Powered to iffue Warrants to the Sheriff to impannel a Jury.

17 3 2

48“ GEORG II III. Cap. 92.

required to impannel, fumrrion, and return fuch Number of Perfons accordingly ; and out of the Perfons fo impannelled, fummoired, and returned, or out of luch of them as (ball appear upon fuch Summons, the Lid Truftees or anv Five or more of them (hall and they are hereby empowered and required to (wear or caul’e to be fworn Twelve Men, who fhall be a Jury tor the Purpofes aforefaid ; and in Default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies (hail return other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; chafcn*7d* anc* Perfons concerned (hail have their lawful Challenges againft any c.a enge . Q£the Jurymen when they come to be fworn ; and the faid Truftees Truftees may or any Five or m ire of them afting in the Premifes, fhall have Power, onSherifs"6* fr°m Time to 1 iine, to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines upon fuch nnkngDe- Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents, jury’ oron making Default in the Premifes, and on any of the Perfons that fhall be the'witndi'cs. fummoned and returned on fuch Juiy, and who fball not appear or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being lworn fhall refufe to give or fhall not give their Verdifts, or in any other Maimer wilfully negleft their Duty therein, contrary to the true intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Perfons who, being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury, fhall refufe or neglect to appear, or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn and examined or to give Evidence ; fo that no one Fine be more than Twenty Pounds on any one Perlon for one Offence-

In Cafes	XL.VIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That wherever

Roadman be	Courfe of any Part of the faid Road or Branch of Road fhall be

diverted, the altered by this Aft, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the tbfs^o/rhe a4join*ng Land, the Offer of the Purchafe of fuch oid Road fhall be firft old R ui fli.ji made to the Owner of luch adjoining Land which fhall be cut and ul'ed Ownmi°fthC ^or PurP°k m~king fuch new Road ; and in cafe fuch Owner fhail the Lind* be defirous of becoming the Pui chafer of fuch old Road, and cannot adjoining. agree with the faid Truftees for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the fame, and luch Owner fhall ftill be defirous of becoming the Pur-ehafer thereof, then and in fuch Cafe the Value thereof fhall be fettled and afeertained by a Jury, in fuch and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this Aft is direfted to be fettled and afeertained in and by this Aft, and fuch Owner fhall be deemed thePurchafer th reof, at the Sum to be afeertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in cafe fuch Owner fhall refufe to pay fuch Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treafurer or Treafurers, Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, and tender the Conveyance of fuch old Road, the fame fhall and may be recovered by the faid Truftees by Action of Debt in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJhninfter; and in cafe any fuch Owner ftiall not ag<ee, or fhould refufe to purchafe any fuch old Road, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons (not interefted in the Premifes) to make an Affidavit to be fworn before a Mafter in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, Diftrict, or Place where fuch old Road fhall be, Rating that fuch Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the faid Truftees, aisd that fuch Owner has not agreed or has refufed to purchafe fuch oid Road, as the cafe may be; and fuch Affidavits fhall in all Courts whatsoever be fufficient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made and not 5	agreed

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

1733

agreed to, or refufed bv fuch Owner: Provided neveithelefs, that if the Lands of Two or more PeTfons fhall be taken for any fuch new Road or Branch of Road as aforefaid, each and every fuch Owner fhall be entitled to the firft Offer of lb much of the old Road as is laying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land refpe&ively, in Manner aforefaid:

Provided alfo, that if fuch Owner or Owners refpe&ively fhall be willing and confent to take fuch old Road in Exchange for fuch new Road, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby required to affure the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons, by entering the lame in their Book, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, figned by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, which Copy fhall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

Reflrnning

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacled, That nothinginthis from Ait contained fhall enable the faid Truftees in anywife to obftruct the old Road or Roads now in being, adjoining to and not being Part of the k„ d* icad-laid intended Turnpike Road.	SfifoteiSed

Read.

L. And be it further enaited. That in cafe any Juty or Juries to be h wtheEx-fummoned and fworn purfuant to the Authority of this Ait, fhall give ^VlndlhC in and deliver a Verdiit or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence witnei esar* or Satisfaftion for any fuch Right, Interelt, or Property of any Perfoii to be borne, or Pesfcns in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by him, her, or them fuftained, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, before rhe fummoning and returning of the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Interefl, or Property, or for any Loft or Damage as aforefaid, or for lefs Money than fhall have been offered to be accepted or taken on Behalf of the faid Truftees, as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Wftneffrs, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Differences, fhall be borne and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, out of any Money which fhall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft; but if any Jury or Juries fo fummoried and fworn as aforefaid, fhall give in and deliver a Verdict or Aiieffment for no more or for lefs Money than fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, before the fummoning or returning the faid Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Sathfa&ion for any fuch Right, Intereft or Property in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments; or Loffes or Damages as aforefaid, or for the fame or any more Money than fhall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf o; rhe faid Truftees, as the Purchafe Money for any fuch old Road as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and mail tuning the faid Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expences as aforefaid, fhall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees fhall have fuch Controverfy or Difpute ; which faid Cofts and Expences, having been afeertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace for the County, Diftrift, or Place wherein the Caufe of Difpute fhall arife, not interefted in the Matter in queftion (who ['Lie. & Per,~\	19 U	is

17J4	4§* GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame) {hall and may be deducted out of the Money lo affelfed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuchPerfon or Perfons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies Ihali be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo aflelTed and adjudged ; otherwife fuch Cods and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after bring fo afcertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, by the Ways and Means herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any PerTo/i or Perfons ihali, by reafon of Abfence, have been prevented from treating, fuch Cods lhall be borne and paid by the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them in Manner aforefaid.

WweFfor	-And be it further enabled,	That every Sum of Money or Recom-

Lai.ds how	pence to be agreed for or alfelfed	as aforefaid, fhall be paid out of the

aBdundemi1 r^'°^s by A Cl granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the ca err,. (»re(jjt thereof, to the Party or Parties rei'peclively entitled thereto, or to their Agents ; and upon Payment	thereof to the Parry or Parties entitled

to receive the fame, or depofiting	the fame in the Bank of England in the

Manner by this ACl dire&ed, for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons ref-peCliyely, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to luch Parties or Perfons, or their .Agents, or left at their refpeCtive ufual Places cf Abode, or at their lafl known Place of Abode, or with the Tenant cr Tenants in Pofleffion of fuch Lands or Hereditaments, then fuch Lands 01 Hereditaments fhal! be laid into and made Part of the faid Road and Branch of Road, in fuch Manner as the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them fhal! direcl, and fhall be by them, orby fuchPerfon orPerfons as they or any Five or m.re of them (hall appoint, fufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and let out for that Purpofe, and (hall to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever become, and be and be deen qd and taken to be a Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the faid Road and Branch of Road for ever thereafter, and Ihali be repaired and kept in Repair in fuch Manner, and by the fame W^ys and Means as the Road and Branch of Road hereby authorized to be made am* repaired are hereby < ireCled to be made and repaired ; and from thenceforth all Parties and Perfons whomfoever lhall be divefted of all Right and Title to fuch Lands and Hereditaments ; and in cafe of the turning or alter ng the Courfe of any Part or Parts of the faid Road or Branch of Ro d, after fuch new Ruad and Branch of Road lhall be completed, the Lands conllituting fuch former Road or Roads, or any Part thereof, unlefs leading over fome Moor, Common, uncultivated Land or Wade Ground, or to fome Village, Town, or Place to which fuch new Road and Br nch of Road do not lead, lhall be veiled in, and (hall and may be fold and conveyed by the faid Truflees or any Five or more of them, in the Manner herein mentioned, for the belt Price that can be gotten for he fame, and the Money arifing by fuch Sale lhall be applied to the Purpofes of this Acl ; and all Conveyances, being executed by the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, and inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of EJfcxy fhal! be good and. effectual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

- LH. Pro-

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 9(2.	*735

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacled, That the Power and Authority by this Aft given to the Paid Truflees (hall not extend to hou&s, aec. enable the faid Truflees to take, ufe, injure or damage any Dwelling ^houtjRm-Houfeor other Building, or to take any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park n'e™.°‘ Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a Houfe, or Plantation orNurfery ofTrees, without the Confeat in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and other Perfons interefted therein, firft had and obtained, other than and except a Shed or Warehoufe belonging to Jofepb Cuff.\ in the Occupation of John Cuff; a Shed or Warehoufe belonging to the faid Jofeph Cuff, in the Occupation of 'John Lambert,; a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to Jofepb Bladwortb, in the Occupation of John Dow-fett; a Piece of Garden Ground belonging :o the faid Jofeph Bladwortb, in the Occupation of James Harris ; a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to the faid Jofepb Bladwortb, in the Occupation of William Morris ; a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to Mark Hud/on, in the Occupation of William Crook; a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to William Crook, in the Occupation of Hannibal Merchant ; a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to i le faid William Crook, in the Occupation of Jeffrey Briggs, a Shed and Piece of Garden Ground belonging to the faid William Crook, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Yarlty : a Houfe and Yard belonging to Abt ah am Mills and Maty his Wife, Richard Edmonds and Martha his Wife, Daniel Lancafer and Elizabeth his Wife, and Martha Hatcb.tt Spinfter, in the Occupation of James Crewa Houfe and Yard belonging to the faid Abraham Mills and Alary his Wife, Packard Edmonds and Martha his Wife, Daniel Lancafer and Elizabeth his Wife, and Martha Hatchett Spinfter, in the Occupation of John Glansford, all in the Parifh of Barking ? a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to Jfeph Joyner,

Efquire, in t; e Occupation of John Standifh ; and a Cottage and Garden belonging, to the laid Jofeph Joyner, in the Occupation of John Wood in the Pari(h of Aveley; and alio Part of a Granary belonging to Sir Edward Hulfe'Bdronei, in the Occupation of William Smith, in the Pari(h of Barking, by taking off from the North-eafl Corner thereof a Triangle whofe Perpendicular (hall not exceed Twelve Feet Three Inches ; and alfo other than and except the South Part of a Warehoufe belonging to the faid William Smith, adj ining to the North Side of the faid Warehoufe belonging to the laid Jofeph Cuff, in thr Occupation of the faid John Cuff, the fame Part not to exceed Four Feet Eight Inches in Width, all in the faid Parifh of Barking.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing herein Reflraining contained (hall authorize or empower the faid Truftees or any of them, or ^orJukinCg any other Perfon ot Perfons, to take or ufe any Wharf or Ground belongs or ufing the ing to the laid Sir Edward r;l.e, and in the Occupation of the faid William.

Smith,, lying between the laio Road as delcribed by the faid Plan, and Barking Creek, or between the faid Road and the River Roding ; or to authorize or empower the faid Truflees or any of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons to ertft. build, or make any Wall or Fence to obftruft or prevent the free Ufe of any fuch Wharf 6r Ground, or to obftruft or prevent the South Weft View from the Houfe of thefaid Sir Edward Hufe now occupied by the faid Wil 2m Smith, or id any Way to alter or obftruft the Navigation of the River Roding, or the free flowing and reflowing of

the

1736	GEORG	11 III. Cap.92.

the Tide or other Waters to and from the aforefaid Mills, or in any Manner to injure or damage the faid Mills, or the Locks, Floodgates, Sluices, or Machinery, to the faid Mills belonging or appertaining.

for Cop!hok* LlV Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all Contrafts, Enate* diaii Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Exchanges of or concerning any Lands, the c'urt s tenements, or Hereditaments, which fhali be Copyhold or of the Nature of of the Ma- S Copyhold (hall beexecuted and completed by Surrender thereof, or other-nors whereof wife, in the refpeftiveCourts of theManors whereof fuchLands, Tenements, jhali ce^ielJ, or Hereditaments fhall be held, according to the Cuftom of the faid fcc.	Manors	relpeftively; and fuc.h Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

jfhall no longer remain and continue fubjeft to any Fines, Rents and Services, but (halt be confidervd as enfranchifed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the refpeftive Manors whereof fuch refpeftive Copyhold Hereditaments (hall be holden ; and fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, fhali be refpeftively paid for his, her, or their Eftate and Intereft in the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of the Monies to be raifed, received, or col levied by virtue of this Aft, fuch Compenfation, as it fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, had regularly enfranchifed fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fuch Gompenlation to be agreed upon between the (aid Truftees or any Five or more of them, and fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or adjudged or affefled in like Manner as the Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to betaken for the Purpofes of the faid intended Road, is by this Act directed to be adjudged or aflefled.

Conveyances	LV'.	And be it further enacted. That the Conveyance of any Eftate or

good by Bar- Intereft of any Feme Covert to the faid Truftees or any Five or more of gain and Sale. th< m, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for them, by Bargain and Sale acknowledged by fuch Feme Covert, and duly inrolled in the Court of King’s Bench at Wcjiminfier, within Four Calendar Months after the making thereof, fhali as effectually and abfolutely convey the Eftate and Intereft of fuch Feme Covert in the Premifes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries would or could do if levie or luffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatfoever to be m de of any fuch Lands and Hereditaments as fhali be purchafed by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Act, and inrolled as aforefaid. fhali have the like Force and Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatfoever would have had if levied or fuffered by the Bargainor or B«j;gainors, or any Perfon or Perfons feLsed of any Eftate in the Premifes in Truft for fuch Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatfoever.

Tcnan - n 3LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leffee w^etc^to for a Year, or any othei Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion of any fuch Lands, quit premifes. Tenements, Houfes, Buildings, Grounds and Hereditaments, or any Parr thi-reof which Ihall be purchafed.by virtue of and for thePurpofes of this Act, and who fhali have no greater Intereft in the Premifes than as Tenant at Will, or as Leffee for a Year or from Year to Year ; or in cafe the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or fuch Peifonor Perfons autho. -

r:zed

* 73 7

48'GEORGIl III. Cap. 92.

rrzad by them, (hall give Six Calendar Months Notice to quit fuch Pof-Lilion, then fuch Tenant o<- Tcn.n s (hall at the End of the faid Six Calendar Months, or fo fonn af tr a" he or they (hall be require 1* peaceably and quietly deliver up the Polleflion of the laid Premifes to the laid Trustees, or any hive or more of them, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by thrm to take Poflcflion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch Tenant or Tenants, cr Perfon or Perfons fo in Polleflion as aforefaid, (hall refufe to give fuch Poffdfi on as aforelaid, then it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Truflees, or any F:ve or more of them, to iftue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the faid County of Effex, to deliver Polleflion of the Premifes to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (ball in fuch Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame, and the faid Sheriff is hereby required to deliver fuch Poff ffion accoidi.glv of the faid Premifrs, and to levy fuch Colts as lhall accrue from the lffuing and Execution of fuch Precept or Precepts, on the Perfon or Perfons fo refilling to give Poffeffion as afore-faid, by Diltrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

LVII. And be it further enacted. That the Principal Money to arife Applied* of fr m the Sale of any Lands, Tei ements, or Hereditaments which lhall be purchafed for the Purp ifes of this Aft, of any B >dy Corporate, exceuliag I ccleliaftic i or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Tiuft, *«<®h Guaroians, Committees, or other Trultees, or any Feme or Femes Covert, or other Per Ion or Pei Tons, being incapacitated to give Difcharges for the Purchafe or Comrenfati m Money, lhall, in cafe the lame mail amount to or exceed fi Su n of I wo hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into th^ Bank or England* in the Name anti with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ther ex parte the Trultees for executing this A&, or any Five or more of them, ro the I tent that fuch Money iha'l be applied under the Direction and with the Appr-bation of the laid Court, to be ftgnified by an Oroer made upon a Petition to be piefented in a luminary Way, by the Ferion or Perfons who would h*ve been entitled to the Rmts or Profits of the faid LaiUsor Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difchaige ci any Debt or Debts, or inch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (had author ze to be paid afieding the lame Lands or Hcredi aments, or affecting other Lands or Hereoir aments Handing fettled therewnh to the lame or the like Ults,

Intents, or Purpofes ; or where luch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame lhall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and ftp-p obation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lam s or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ults, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the lame Manner, as the Lands arid Heieditaments which lhall be fo purchaled taken or uled as alorciaid, lie *d fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement lhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Edect; and in the meantime and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (ball, by Ordc-r of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be in veiled by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the meantime ana until the laid bank Annuities lhall be ordered by the laid Court to * \_Loc. &f Per<] ,	19 X	be

*738

Application rlieie Monty do?i nor

(hall exceed

Money is .efs than so!.

Js caw of not

TWes,f

or if per Ions cannot be found. Pur-chafe Motley to fceoaid into the Bonk, fubieit to the Oidjr of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition,

+fi*GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

be fold fot the Purpofes afortrfaid, the Dividends, a id the Annual Produce of the Paid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the laid Court, to the Perfoi. or Perfons who would for the Time bein.. have been entitled to the Rents or Pa-fits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo to be purchaled, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement we-'e made.

LVIIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchaled, taken or uled for the Purpofes aforeLid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Perlon or Perfons under Difat ility or Incapacity as aforelaid, fhall be Ids than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall ar the Option of the Perfon or Perlons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of he Lands or Ii rediraments fo purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, t ommittee or Committed, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under th ir respective Hands, be paid into the (aid Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforelaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein directed ; or other wife the fame ihali be paid at the like Option, to Two 1 rultees, to be nominated by the Perlon or Perfons making fuch Op ion and approved of by the laid i ruflees or any Fve or more of them (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be figmfied in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch P incipal Money, and the Dividends aiifmg thereon, may be applied in Manner herein directed, fo far as the Gale be applicable, without obtaining cr being required co obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

LIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That where fuch Money f > agreed or awarded to he paid as next before mentioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the XJfe of the Perlon or Perfons who would for the lime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchaled, taken, or ufed as aforelaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Trultecs or any Five or more of them fhall think fitj or in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians Committee or Committees to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perlon or Perfons fo entitled relpe&ively.

LX. And be it further enaSed, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchaled by virtue of this Act, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or ihali not be able to make a gppd Title to the Prcmifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truflees or any J Five or more of them ; or in ca'e fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch bum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found ; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dd’covered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faidTruftees or any f ive or more of them, to order

the

*7.19

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefuid, to b: paid into the Bunk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Ge; eral of the laid Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parries intcrefl d in the faiil Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [i.efcribing them*] fubj ft to the Order, Contrqul, and Dif-pofion of the faid Court of Chancer . ; which faid Court, on the Application of any Pt-rfqn or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money of any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court dial! feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Pubic Fund,, and to order Dirtribution thereof, according to the refpeftive Pilate or Ellates, T tie or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim then unto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juit and reasonable ; and the Cafhicr or Cafhieis of the Bank of England, who fhall receive f ch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank «s aforefaid.

LXT. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any R<.rp.ct;ng Queftion fhall arife touching the Tide of any Perfon to any Money to be^'fo’neJ paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the /i,tlcS' Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, for the Purchafe f any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Ertate,

Right, ot Intereft in any 1 ands or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfu r.ce thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Div dends or Intereft of anv fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who fhall l ave been in the Poffeffion of fuch Lands or Hereditament's at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Per'ons claiming under fuch P rfon or Perfons, or under the Poflcffion of fiuh Perfon or Perl' ns, fh 11 be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Land-; or Hereditaments, according to fuch PoiTefti m. until the contrary fhall be ftiewn to the Sarisfhttion of the faid Court of C hancery ; and the Dividends or intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and ado the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, arid difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made to appear to the laid Court that fu Poflefiion was a wrongful Port ftion, and that Lome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or to lome Eftate or Intereft therein.

LXII. Provided alfo, and be it further tnafted, Thar where by reafon Th of any Di‘ability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Pe Ions or Corporation mav^r.U<?r entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments-to be purchafed under the Autho- iyaion»>ie rity of this Act, the Puichale M ney for the fame fhall be required to p^reh testo be paid into the laid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other he p. H «y I an.Is or Hereditaments to be fettled to the like Ufes, in purfuance of 'h* Jruftces* this Aft, it fh. 11 be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expence's of all Pureh iLs from Time to l ime to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expencesas the Court fhall deem reafonable, together with

the

1740

48* GE0RG1I III. Cap. 92.

the nccelTary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, who ihall from Time toTirae pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fliali direct.

Per fans liable LXIU. And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfon and aoads?&c. 10 Ferfons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work on any of the eotuinie fo. Highways in the feveral Pari (lies, Hamlets, Dittricrs, or Places through;

which the faid intended new Road or Branch of Road Ihall pals, Ihall be liable to perform their refpedive W rks thereon, in fuch and the like Manner in every Refpedt as they are liable to perform the lame on any other common Highway within fuch Parilh, Hanilet, iTttnd, or Place refpectively.

Penalty on I XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon and Per-sfatute1 f°ns "w^1° lhali neglect or refufe to do iuch Work as aiorefaid, after Work.	Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his,

her, or their laft or ulual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpeie, by fuch Surveyor or Su'veyors to the faid Trultees, Ihall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or l earns, Draught or Draughcs, Horfe or Horfes, Beall or Beads to be provided bv him, her or them, be fuoject ami liable to fuch Pains, Penalnes. and Forfeitures, as Iuch Perfon or Perlons may be fubject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for me Re, air of the public Highways i and every Perfon who fhall according to fuch Notice as aforefaid come as a Labourer or with any 1 earn, Draught or Plough, to work on the faid Road or Branch of Road, and Ihall br found negligent or idle by the faid 1 urnpike Surveyor or Surveyors where the Work is to be done,' fuch Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby required to difebarge fuch Perfon or Perlons, and it fhall be deemed as if fuch PerLn or Pe.fons, or iuch Team, Draught or Plough, had not come or been fent to do fuch Work j and every fuch Labourer or Perfon, or the Owner of Iuch Team, Draught or Hough, (hall be liable to the refpective Forfeitures herein-mentioned ; and all Perfons doing fuch Day’s Work on the Road or Branch of Road aforefaid, Ihall not be liable to do any Statute Work thereon.

JulVces to

LXV. And, for preventing Differences between the faid Truftees and the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the feveral Parifhes, Hamle s, Dittrich, or Places through v^hich the faid Road and Branch of Road hereby directed to be made ai>d repaired fhall lead, touching what Part of the Sratute Work in any fuch Parilh, Hamlet, Diftrict or Place, ought to be done on the faid Road or Branch of Road ; be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace, at any Special Seffiori to be holden for the County, Liberty, or Dittridk wherein fuch Part or Parts of the faid Road or Branch of Road fha'l lie, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe by the faid Tiuftees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Pa t and Proportion of the Statute Work fhall be done on the faid Road o' Branch of Road, by and in each and every of the Parifhes, Hamlets, Diftiicts or Places aforefaid.

LXVI. And

4.80 GEORGII III. Gap. 92.	174.1

LXVI. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, to compound and for statute agree, by the Year or otherwife, with thePoffeffors, Occupiers, Grantees, Work. Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or (hall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the faid Read and Branch of Road, within their refpective Diftrids, or of any Bridge, Arch or Sewer, or with any Perfon or Perfons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work therein ; and alfo that it {hall be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, of any of the faid Pariflies, Hamlets, Diftrids, or Places, by and with the Confent and Approbation of a Majority of the Inhabitants of Aich Pariflies, Hamlets,

Diftrids, or Places, firft had at any Veftry or other public Meeting of fuch Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwife, with the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by fuch Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the faid Road and Branch of Road ; ail which Coiiipofition Monies fliJl be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and fliail be applied in the Repair of the faid Road and Branch of Road ; and all fuch Surveyors fhall be reimburfed the Money fo by them paid in fuch Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimburfed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

JLKVII. And belt further enacted, That the faid Truftees or any Five Truftees may or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall for that Pur- contract for pofe authorize or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Repair!* Penon or Perfons for malting, altering, turning, widening, or repairing the faid Road and Branch of Road, or any Part thereof, andfor erecting Mde and Direction Stones or other Polls thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in fuch Manner and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them {hall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into purfuant to any Order of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, e n“m2* Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workman or Workmen, or other PcTon or Perfons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, fhall be binding upon all fuch Parties as fnall fign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Adminiftrators •, and that Actions and Suits fhall be maintained thereon by the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, or by their Cierk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers, and in his or their Name or N imes relpedivelv, and Damages and Cofts recovered againft the Party or Perlon, Parties or Perfons, failing in the Performance of fuch Contracts or Agreements refpeftively •, and fuch Sum of Money as fhall and may be requifite for making or repairing the Did Road and Branch of Road, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by viitue of this Ad, and which by fuch Contrads or Agreements re pedively the Parties ought to have done, (hall be theMeafure of the|Dam2-se« to b r covered in any Adionor Suit again!! fuch Party or Perfon,

Parties or Pc funs fo as aforefaid making Default in fulfillingfhis, her, or [Lee, & Per,]	19 V	their

*74*

Perfons who nuv be Prosecutors and Pcrfons pro-fccuted indemnified.

Penalties how to be Tied and ap plied.

48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. 92.

their Contrail or Agreement ^ any Law or Ufage to the contrary In any-wife notwithftanding.

LXVIIL And be it further enailed, That in cafe any Ailion or Pro-fecunonfhali be commenced or prolecuted inpurfuanceof thisAil, under the Authority or by the Direilion of the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them, in every fuch Cafe thefaid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, /hall, out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Adt, allow and pay to the Profecutor, or fuch Perfon or Persons in whofcName orNamesiuch Adionor Profecution jfhall be commenced and profecuud, all fuch reafonable Cofts and Chaiges as fuch Perfon or Pcrfons lhall really and bona fide expend for or by reason of fuch Action 01 Profecution, or any Judgment or Determination therein, and like wife indemnify all fuch Pcrfons a-> (halite prof cuted, or have any Adtion or Adlions brought agairtft them, for or by reafon of any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad under the Authority and by the Diredion of the laid Truftees or any Five or more of them.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, i- and Fines hereby inflided or authorized to be impofed, if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise diredea, and where the Penalty for tht’Offence lhall not exceed theSum of Fiv Pounds., fhall, upon Proof of the Offences refpedively before any one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the C unty, Diftrid, or Place wherein the Offence (hail h ive been committed, o any one Juftice of the Peace for the County, Diftrid, or Place wherein the Offender (hall relide, either by the Confefllon of rhe Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter without Fee or Reward) be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants unaer the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice (which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to grant for thofe Purpofes) ; and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, are recovered and deduded, lhall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels j and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, lhall be, if not otherwife directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to Time paid one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to any Five or more of the faid Truftees, or to their Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Treaftirers, and be applied in the Repair of the faid Road j and in cafe fufiicient Diftrels lhall not be found, or luch Penalties or Forfeitures with fuch Cofts flia.l not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for any one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace as afortfaid, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and r required, by Warrant or Warrants under his, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed ro the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the County, Diftridl or Place wherein the Offence lhall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and ail reasonable Charges, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied

9

LXX. And,

48‘GEORGII III. Cap. 92.	17+3

LXX. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Off-nders Offender*, againlt this Act, be it further enacted. That all and every Juftices or Juftice of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perlons Hi all be convicted of any Offence againft this Act, fhall and mav caufe the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of W >rds, or ill any other Form of Words to the lame Effect, as the Cafe fhall happen ; videlicet:

*	T> E it remembered. That on the	Day of	in	the

« ■*-* Year of our Lord	A.B.	is convidled before me

« [of, us] of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the County of

*	Effxi [or, as the Cafe may be, Specifying the Offence, and the

*	Time and Place when and where the fame was commit tedy as the

*	Cate fhall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and

*	Seals] the Day and Year firft above written/

LXXI. And be it further ena£ted, That all fuch Fines, Penalties, aid Forfeitures impofed by this A<5t as amount to more than the Sum of Five ffpll * Pounds, fhall be fued for and recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint naUi« ex-or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, cee refpeftively ; and that one Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture laft mentioned, fhall be to the Ufe of the faid Truftees, to be paid to their Treafurer or Tier.forers, Clerk or Clerks, and be applied in the Repair of the faid Road and Branch of Road, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of him, her, or them who fhall inform or fue for the fame, with Colts of Suit.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the faid Truftees, or of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or any of them ref- quafhed pe&ivdy, touching or concerning or in Execution of any Power or Au-thority veiled in fuch Truftees, or Juftice cr Juftices refpe&ively by this Aft, lhall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler., or any other Court of Record in that Part of the Kingdom called England $ any Law or Statute to the contrary nolwithftanding.

LXXI II. Provided always, and be it further er.a^ed. That when any Diftrefs not Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor w.ntoi torm the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trelpaffer or Trefpaffers, on account of any Defeft or want cf Form in the Summons, Convi&ion, bedumua and Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceeding thereon, nor (ball the Party Ti.ipuier, or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trelpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity, which fhall be afterwards dune by the P.rty or Parties diftraining ; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover Satisfadfion for the fpecial Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe.

LX XIV. And be it further enafted, That no Addon or Suit (hall be Limitation tf commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance Aa‘on».

of

1744-

General

Mut.

Treble Cofts-

Orders and Proceedings of Trultres to Uc entered in S Book.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Selfion®.

48s GEORG 11 III. Cap. 92.

of t'-'is Aft, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing /hall have been given to the Clerk or Cleiks, Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truftees, or after a fufficicut Satisfaftion or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three CaiendarjMonihs next after the Fa t committed •, and every fuch Aftion fhall be laid in the County of EJpx, and not elfewhtre; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch A ;sion or Suir fhall and may pk-ad at his, her, or their Elefticn, fpecially, or the G neial Jffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Fid ro be ad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Aurh->nty of this Aft ; and if the fame fhall appear to have beet) :<> done, or if fuch Aftion or Suir fhal! be brought before Fourteen Days N'j’ ice ftt<dl have been thereof given as aforefaid, or after a fufneient Satistaftion m de or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing th; f me s aforefaid, or fhall be brought elfewhere than in the faid County ot lijf x, then the Jury fhall find a Vcrdift for the Defendant or Defendant' ; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fh 11 be nonfiiited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againff the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or DefenGants lhall and may recover Treble Cods, and have fuch Remedy for rhe fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in othei Cafes by Law.

LXXV. And be it further enafted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Truftees or any Five or more of them, fhall be made and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and figned by a competent Number of the faid Truftees, or by their Clerk or Clerks; which faid Book or Books, and all other Book and Books direfted to be kept for regiftering the faid Aftignmtnts, Mortgages, and Transfers as afor’faid, fhall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whaifoever.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, fuch Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, Liberty or Diftrift, within Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe of fuch Complaint fhall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving or caofmg to be given Ten Days Notice at the leaft in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk nr Clerks, Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truftees, and within Ten Days after fuch Notice enrering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, Liberty or Diftrift, with Two lufficierit Sureties, to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of and to pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch General Seftion j and the faid Juftices at fuch Scflion, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Party appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper; and the Determination

of

1745

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

of fiich Quarter Seffion fh. ll be final, binding, and concludve to all Intents anu Purpcfrs; and the faid Juftices at fuch Seffion may alio, by their Order or Warrant, levy fuch Cods fo awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall refufe to pay the fame, and for want of fufficienr Didrefs, commit fuch Perfon cr Perfons to the Common Gaol or Houfc of Correction of or for rhe Lid County, Liberty, Didrift, or Place wherein fuch Quarter Seffion fliall be held (as the Cafe may be) for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Ivionths, or until Payment of fuch Cods.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the feveral and refpeftive subferiber* Perfons who have fubferibed or may hereafter fubferibe any Sum or Sums of M n y. for and towards making and repairing the faid Road and f‘T;ptlam. Branch of Road, and their refpeftive Heirs, Executors and Adminidrators fha 1 and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums fo fublcribed, oi f .eh Parts or Proportions thereof, and within fuch Time and Times and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them fhall by any Wilting under their Hands authorize to receive the f.me, lo as the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them (hall not call, at any one Time, for any greater Indalment than Ten Pounds per Centum on every One hundred Pounds of fuch Sublcriptions, nor (hall make any fuch Call at a lei's Didance than the Space of One Calendar Month afier ihr Call immediately preceding; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, after Twenty one Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hands of the Treafurer, or Clerk or Clerks of the faid Road and Branch of Road, for that Purpole to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling Houfc* or ufua! Place of Abode, refufe or neglect to make Payment of the repeftive Sum - by him, her, or them fo fubfcribtd or agreed to be lublcribed, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as may be required in fuch Notice,fit fhall be lawful for the faid Trudees or any Five or more of them, in the Names of the faid Trudees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Treafurer or Treafurers, or their Clerk or Clerks, to bring or caufe to be brought any Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, againft any Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or negledting as aforefaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adminidrators, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at IVeJiminJler, wherein no Effoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed; and on Proof of fuch Perfon or Perfons having fo fubferibed or agreed to fubferibe, and of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, the refpeftive Sums fo fubferibed or agreed to be fubferibed, or fo much thereof as (hall be required to be paid in fuch Notice, fhall be recovered, with full Cods of Suit; and that the Venue in every fuch Aftion (hall be laid in the faid County of EJfex or the City of London, and not elfewhere.

LXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed Public Act. and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Judices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LXXIX. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall com- commence-mence upon the Day on which the fame fhall receive the Royal m«?'tand [Lee. & Per.-]	19 Z	Aflcnt,

174-6

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 92.

AITenf, and fnali continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Scflion of Parliament.

to	^

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majelty. i8c8.

O V AT DO OMI83 f) * i| t'1 A Up

■zimn in

'

aftkii - tel f ■ •

V« * T s i.J .	*'

asod 71; 4 «***?.) Mtr / ./	•	*

i "a'*	*

41	"	2 '•	"\ In . H	r

V • '	:	.0

anitby ioI M aA

at yJTarjoi5!. i

lo ft, j •wAsW ‘i<

;. V, 2b A 2

w't -.2	•	*

•/II tffeM

>*n»rx s\- v'4--	>	\	V/>>	aiy	14-	hi

V U-«

Vl5-

v ’»I •'>V V i-. a	Wft'K d 2\ ,v : : 1 i 1 ;• ft

V- iVu

..

H‘. * •’V^v i V-141 u V-; I “i ‘ ’i\

It	K-

: »

<1 r vra.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

**2Mt**************************Mc******^*** ***********

Cap. 93.

An Ad for veiling in new Truftees certain Eftates and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or difpofed of under and by virtue of Two Ads of Parliament made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefly.	[ift	June 1808.]

THERE AS by an AS made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His prefent M jetty* intituled, An Aft for vefting in new 45g. 1 ▼ Truftees the Real Eftates in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Oflory, which have not been fold or difpofed of under ami by virtue of an Ad of Parliament, faffed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,

* An Ad for the Sale of competent Parts of the Real Efates of the Right Ho-

*	nourable John Earl ^Ormonde and the Honourable Walter Butler, com-6 mcnly called Lord Vifcount Thurlcs, his eldef Son and Heir Apparent for the ‘ Payment of Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, affeding the Jdtne ; and for

[Loc. id Per.]	2 0 A 4	fettling

17S0

GEORG 11 III. Cap. 93.

4 fettling fitch Part and Paris thereof as Jha’.l not befold for the Purpofes afore-

*	faid, and for other Purpofes :* It is recited that by the laid Act of the Thirty-firth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, certain Lordfhips, Honours, Manors, Callies, Town:, Mefluages, Latins, Tenements, Fee-Farm Rents, Tithes, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were veiled in the Right Honourable William Earl of EnniJkillen, and the Right Honourable Otway Earl of Defarty their Heirs and Afligns, upon Trull, that they the faid William Earl of EnniJkillen and Otway Earl of Defir t, or the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, ihould, with all convenient Speed by and with the Confent of the faid John Earl of Ormonde, (if living), fell or dif-pofe of etcher entirely and together, or feparately and in Parcels, the faid Lordfhips, Manors, Mefluages, Cadies, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Fee-Farm Rents, Ti.hes, Hereditaments, and ail other the Premifes thereby reded in them, or fuch Part or Parts, and fo much thereof as fhould be neceflary to raife fuch Sum and Sums of Money as Ihould be diffident to defray the Expences of pafling the faid Aft, and the Execution of the Truds thereby repofed in them ; and alfo fuch Sum and Sums of Money as fhould be neceflary to pay, fatisfy, and difeharge, the feveral principal Sums of Money which at the Time of the Execution of a certain Settlement therein mentioned, which bears Date the Twentv-fixth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, were Charges and Incumbrances affefting or charged upon the faid Caftles, Manors, Mef-fuages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Fee-Farm and other Rents, Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premifes, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel thereof, together with all Intered which ihould have accrued or become due for the faid principal Sums refpeftively, to the Time of Payment thereof; and alfo to pay, fatisfy, and difeharge, all and every Sum and Sums of Money, at the Time or the Execution cf the faid Settlement of the Twenty-futh Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, due and owing, from and by the faid John Earl of Ormonde, by Judgment, Bond, or other Specialty, together with all Intered which fhould be due and owing for the faid Principal Sums at the l ime of Payment thereof; and alfo to pay, fatisfy, and difeharge, all and every Sum and Sums of Money, at the Time of the Execution of the faid Settlement of the Twenty-fixth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, due and owing, from and by the faid Walter Lord Vifcount Phurlcs, by Judgment, Bind, and other Specialty, together with all Intered which fhould be due and owing for the faid principal Sums at the Time of Payment thereof, provided that-no more than the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds Sterling fhould be raifed for the Payment of the laid Debts of the faid Walter Lord Vileount Thurles ; and that the faid William Earl of EnniJkillen 2nd Otway Earl of Defart, and the Survivor of them, his Heirs and Affigns, fhould apply the PuTchafe

•	Money which fhould be raifed by fueft Sale or Sales, for the Ufes and Purpofes for which the fame was therein before appointed to be levied and raifed as aforefaid, provided that the Debts, Qharges, and Incumbrances, for the Payment whe;eof Provifion was made by the faid Aft,, fhould be paid according to their feveral and refpeftive Nature and Priority : And as to, for, and concerning all and every the Refidue and Remainder of the faid Cafllcs, Manors, Mefluages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Fee Farm, and

other

*75*

4k* georg11 m. Cap. 93.

other Rtrits, Tithes, Hereditaments, and Premifis, and every Part and Parcel' thereof, which Ihould not be fold for the Purports afotefaid* in Xruft, that they the faid William Earl of Erinijhi lea, and Otway Earl of Dtfart, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, Ihould grant, allure, convey, and fettle the fame, to fuch Ufes, upon fuch Trulls, and to and for fuch Intents and Purpofes, and under and fubi’ect to luch Powers, Froviibes, Limitations, and Agreements, (fave and except the aforefaid Power ot felling), as were mentioned, expreffed, and declared, of and concerning the fame, in and by the faid Settlement of the Twenty* fixth Day of January One thoufand leven hundred and ninety-two: And in the faid Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeflv, it is further recited, that the faid Trullees named in the faid Act, made in the Thirty-filth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in purfuance of the Trulls thereby repofed in them, fold feveral Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the faid lad-mentioned Adt, and applied the Money arifmg by fuch Sales, purfuant to the Lid Diredlions of the fame Adi; but that the Trulls of the faid Adt of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty were not yet competed and fulfilled ; and that it might be necelfary to fell more Lands and Hereditaments for the Purpofes in the faid Act mentioned ; and that the faid Wiliam Earl of Ennijkillen and Otway Earl of Defart, the Trullees named in the faid Aft of Parliament, were both dead ; and that the faid Otvjay Earl of Defalt furvived the faid William Earl of Ennif-killsa; and that the Right Honourable John Otway, then Earl of Defart, a Minor, was the Son and lieir of the faid Otway Earl of Defart, and as fuch was then the Truftee for carryine the Purpofes of the faid Adi into Execution; and that the faid John Earl ot Ormonde, named in the laid Adi, died feveral Years ago; and that the faid Walter, then Earl of Ormonde and OJJbry, (who is Itiled in the faid recited Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, by the Appellation of Lord Vifcount 'Thurles), was the eldeft Son and Heir at Law of the faid John, then late Earl ot Ormonde, and as fuch was entitled to an Eftate Tail ir. fuch Part and Parts of the faid Caftles, Manors, Meffuages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, comprized in the faid Adi of Parliament, which had not been, and Ihould not be fold for the Purpofes in the faid Adi mentioned : And it is therein further recited, that by Reafon of the faid John Otway Earl of Defalt being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, the Trufts of the faid Adi of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty could not be carried into Effedt during his Minority, by Sales of the undifpofed Parts of the faid Caftles, Manors, Meffuages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premifes, comprized in the faid Adi; and that therefore it became neceffary that he Ihould be diverted of fuch Trufts, and new Trullees Ihould be appointed in his Stead for carrying the fame into Execution : And if was by the faid recited Act, made in theForty.fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, enacted, that the faid John Otway Earl of Vefart, and his Heirs, Ihould from and immediately alter the palling of the faid Adi be, a^d he and they was and were thereby from thencelorth abfolutely and for ever releuled and difeharged from being a Truftee for all or any of the Trufts and Purpofes mentioned in the faid therein-before recited Act of Parliament; and alforeler.fed and dif-

charged

1752

Recited Ait,

i he Earl of En-

Jiew Tri:fte' a,-point*).

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 93.

charged of and from and all and every the Ufes, Eftates, Trulls, Powers, and Authorities, then veiled in him or them, by virtue of or under the Powers contained in the faid recited Ad made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His faid prefent Majelty: And it was thereby further enafted, that rhe Right Honourable John Earl of Ennijkilen, and the Right Honourable Maurice Fitzgrald, One of His Majelty** molt Honourable Privy Council in Ire-land, lhould be, and they were thereby appointed Truflees in the Place and Stead of the laid John Otway Earl of Defart j and that all that and thofe fuch Part and Parts of theCallles, Manors,Towns, Melfuages, Lands,Tenements, Fee Farm Rents, Tithes, and Hereditaments comprized in the faid recited Ad of Pai liament, which had not been fold or difpofed of for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, lhould from and immediately after the palling of the faid Act, be, and the fame were thereby velted in and fettled upon the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, and their Heirs, upon fuch and the fame Trulls, and to and for fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eltates and Interells, and with fuch and the fame Powers and Provifoes, and to and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as in and by the Lid recited Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His faid prefent Majelty were mentioned, exprefled, or declared, of or concerning the faid Hereditaments and Premifes comprized therein, and in as full, ex enfive, and abfolute a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame Hereditaments and Premifes, or any Part thereof, immediately before the palling of the faid Aft, were then velted in the faid John Otway Earl of Defart, his Heirs and Alfigns, as aforefaid : And whereas the Trults of the faid recited Afts are not yet competed, and the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald are dcfirous of bang dilcharged therefrom ; and the faid IF alter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory is defirous that new Truflees lhould be appointed to aft in the Trulls of the laid recited Afts of Parliament, in the Room of the faid John Earl of Ennjkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald; but no Provifion is made in the faid reciced Afts, or either of them, for that Purpole •, therefore Your Majelty’* molt dutiful and loyal Subjefts the faid Walter Earl of Ormonde and Ofory doth humbly beleech Your Majelty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemb-ed, and by , the Authority of the lame. That the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald lhall, from and immediately after the palling of this Aft, be, and they the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitz-1 gerald are hereby from henceforth abfclutely and for ever relealed and dif-1 charged ol and from all and every the Ufes, Ellates, Trulls, Powers, and Authorities now velted in them, or either of them, the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, by virtue of or under the Powers contained in the faid recited Aft made in the Forty-filth Year of the Reign of His prefenu Majelty ; and fuch Aft, fo far as the fame relates, aftefts,-or in any wile concerns the laid John L >rl ot Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, and their Heirs, t>r any ot them, lhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

II.	x\nd be it further enafted, That Wiliam Morland and John Hfier Efquires, both of Pall Mail in the Parilh ot Saint James, in the County 3	Pf

*753-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9j.

bf Aliddlefex •, Charles Butler Efquire, of Lincoln’s Inn, in the laid County of Middlefes, Barrifter at Law ; and Job Hart Price Clarke of Montague Street, Pott man Square, in the laid County ot Mid'dlej'ex, Efquire, and their Heirs, lhall be, and ihey are hereby appointed Truftees in the Place and Stead of the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald; and that all that and thofe fuch Part and Parts of the Caflles* Manors, Towns, MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, Fee-Farm Rents, Tithes, Prifage and Butlerage of Wines, Eftates, Effefts, Hereditaments, and Premifes, of what Nature or Defcription foever, comprized in the faid recited Acts, or either of them, which have not been fold or difpofed offor the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts, or either of them, fhall from and immediately alter the palling of this Aft be, and the fame are hereby veiled in and fettled upon the faid William Morland, John Hojier, Claries Butler, and Job Hart Price Clarkey and their Ideirs, upon fuch and the fame Truft, and to and for fuch and the fame Ufes, and for fuch and the fame Eftates and Intrrefts, and with fuch and the fame Powers and Provifoes, and to and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as in and by the faid recited Aft made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty are mentioned, expreffed, or declared of and concerning the fame Hereditaments and Premifes comprized therein, and in as full, extenfive, and abfolute a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame Hereditaments and Premifes, or any Part thereof, were immediately before the palling of this prefent Aft vefted in the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, or fuch or fo many of them as (hall be now fubfifting undetermined and capable of taking effeft; any Thing in the faid recited Afts or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Morland, John Hofter, Charles Butler, and Job Hart Price Cla'kd, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor, and they, each, and every of them are and is hereby authorized and direfted, out of the Monies which fhall arife by the Sale of the faid Plereditaments and Premifes, to pay and defray the Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and palling of this Aft, and of carrying the Trulls hereby in them repofed into Execution.

IV.	Saving always to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, and all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their refpeftive Heirs, SuccelTors, Executors, and Adminiftrators, (other than and except the faid John Earl of Ennijkillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, and their Heirs, and all and every the Perfon and Perfons excepted in and by the faid recited Afts of Parliament refpeftively,) all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands of, in, to, or out of the faid Lordlhips, Honors, Caftles, Farms, MelTuages, Lands, Tenements, Fee-Farm Rents, Tithes, Prifage and Butlerage of Wines, Eftates, Effects, and Hereditaments hereby vefted in them the faid William Morland, John Hofier, Charles Butler, and Job Hart Price Clarke, and their Heirs as aforefaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the palling of this Aft, or could or might have had or enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

Expences of this Act 10 be paid.

General Saving-

[Lee. & Per,~\

so B

V. And

1754

Evidence*

48" GEORG 11 III. Cap. 93.

V.	And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act (hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod: Excellent Majefty, and a Copy thereof fo printed (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Evre and Andrew Strahan> Printers to the King’s molt Excellent Majefty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******** **-sm»*«*********^ ************************

Cap. 94.

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stonef in the County of Stafford.	j_ift June 18o8. j

WHEREAS within the Manor of Kibbuljlon otherwife Kebleflon ocherwife Kebuljion otherwife Cublefton, in the Panlh of Stone, in the County of Stafford, there is a certain Common called Motherjall Heath otherwife Withnall Foreft or Chafe, and other Wade Lands, containing by Eftimation Eleven hundred Acres or thereabouts : And whereas Thomas S winner ton, Efquire, is Lord of the faid Manor, and as fuch is entitled to the Royalties therein, and to the Soil of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, upon Part whereof there is considerable Underwood, and a Right of Rabbit Warren claimed by him : And whereas the faid Thomas Swinnerton, and alfo the Moft honourable George Granville Marquis of the County of Staffordy William Withering, Richard Clarke Hilly Laurence Armitftead, Richard Venables, William Hyatt, John Flewelly ljaac Aft on y John Webby Thomas Adderley, George Greeny Jofepb Rnighty and William Nichol/Sy and divers other Perlons, in refpedt of, or as appendant, appurtenant or belonging to certain Mefiuages, Lands and Tenements, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon, or to be otherwife interefted in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands: And whereas the faid John Flewelly William Nichollsy and Richard Handy claim to be entitled to the Tythes of Corn and Grain arifing or renewing upon and [Loc. & Per,]	so	C	payable

*758

Commifljon* ers appointed.

Any Two Commiflion-ers may a&.

New Com-miffioners to be appointed upon Vacancies j

by the Lord of the Manor.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 04.

payable from the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, or fome Part thereof: And whereas the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, in their prefent State are of little Ufe or Value, but the fame are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and being in the Vicinity of the Town of Stone and of the Staffordfhire Potteries, which is a populous and increafing manufacturing DiftriCt, it would not only be advantageous to the Perfons interefted in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, but alfo be of great public Utility if the fame were divided, allotted and inclofed, and the feveral Perfons interefted therein are defirous that fuch Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure fhould take place: But as the fame cannot be effeded without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That Robert Harvey, of Dunftall in the County of Stafford, Gentleman, George Bifhton, of Relfall in the County of Salop, Gentleman, and John Tijley, of Caverfwali in the faid County of Stafford, Gentleman, and their Succeftors, to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, lhall be and they are hereby conftituced and appointed Commiftioners for fetting our, dividing, allotting and in-clofing the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, and for putting this Ad into Execution, in fuch Manner and fubjed to fuch Regulations as are hereinafter contained, and with fuch Powers, and fubjed to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions contained in an Ad patted in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Adi for confoUdating in one Adi certain Provifions ufuaily inferted in Adis of Inclofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the Jeve-ral Fadis ujually required on ‘ the faffing of fuch Adis *, as are not controlled by or repugnant to any of the Claufes, Provifions or Regulations contained in this Ad, or otherwife provided for by this Ad } and that all Ads, Matters and Things done and executed by any Two of the Commiftioners named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, fhall be to all Intents and Purpofes as valid and effedual as if the fame had been done and executed by all the faid Commiftioners.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the faid Robert Harvey or any Perfon who fhall from Time to Time be appointed a Commiflioner by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being in the Manner by this Ad direded, fhall die, or refufe or negled to ad, or become incapable of ading as a Commif-fioner in the Execution of this Ad, before all the Powers, Authorities and Trufts hereby vefted in the Commiftioners fhall be fully performed and executed, then and in every fuch Cafe and as often as the fame fhall occur, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, and he, fhe and they is and are hereby authorized and required, within Thirty Days next after any fuch Death, Refufal, Negled or Incapacity fhall be made known to him, her or them, by Notice in Writing from the furviving or remaining Commiftioners or Commiflioner, or their Clerk for the Time being,

or

J 7 59

48? GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

or from any Two or more of the Perfons interfiled in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, by any Ioftrument in Writing under his, her or their Hands, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Perfon to be a Com-miflioner in the Place and Stead of him fo dying, refufing, neglefting or being incapable as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid George Btjbton and John TilJIey, or either of them, or any Perfon who fhall from Time to Time be appointed a Commiflioner by the Proprietors and Owners of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon or interefted in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wade Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed in the Manner by this Aft direfted, fhall die, or refufe or negleft to aft, or become incapable of afting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft, before all the Powers, Authorities and Trulls hereby veiled in the Commiflioners fhall be fully performed and executed, then and in every fuch Cafe, and as often as the fame fhall occur, the major Part in Value (fuch Value to be afeertained by the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parifh of Stone for that Year) of the other Proprietors and Owners (exclufive of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the laid Manor) of Mtfiuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments entitled to Right of Common upon or interefted in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wade Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, who by themlelves or by their refpective Agents or Attornies fhall be prefent at a public Meeting to be convened and holden for that Purpofc in the Manner hereinafter direfted, fuch Meeting to be held, within Thirty Days next after any fuch Death, Refufal, Negleft or Incapacity as laft aforefaid fhall happen, fhall and may, by any Inftrument in Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a fit and proper perfon to be a Commiflioner in the Place and Stead of him fo dying, refuting, neglefting or being incapable as laft aforefaid.

III. Provided further, and be it enafted. That if at any Time or Times it fhall happen that the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, fhall not within the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore direfted, nominate and appoint a new Commiflioner as aforefaid, or if at any Time or Times hereafter it fhall happen that fuch Proprietors and Owners fhall not within the Time and in the Manner hereinbefore direfted nominate and appoint a new Commiflioner or Commiflioners as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe, and as often as it fhall happen, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the furviving or remaining Cont-miflioners or Commiflioner, as the Cafe may be, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and required, within Thirty Days next after the Expiration of the refpeftive Times allowed for the Nomination and Appointment of fuch new and fucceeding Commiflioner as aforefaid, or fo loon afterwards as conveniently may be, by Writing under the Hands of fuch furviving or remaining Commiflioners or Commiflioner, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Perfon to be a Commiflioner in the Room or Stead of the Commiflioner fo dying, refufing, neglefting or becoming incapable of afting as aforefaid ; provided, that in all Cafes the Nomination and Appointment of fuch new Commiflioner and Commiflioners fhall be communicated and made known to the furvivin^ or remaining Commiflioners or Commiflioner, or to their Clerk for the

Time

by the Pro-

O^ner* of MexTuages, See.

The Lord of the Manor on Proprietor. omitting to appoint Commiffion-ers may.

1700	4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 94.’

T,me being, and public Notice be given thereof in the Staffordjhire Advertijer, or in fome other Newl'paper printed or publifhed or uluaily circulated within the faid County of Stafford, within Ten Days next aiter iuch Nomination and Appointment refpedively fhall take place.

New Com- IV. And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who fhall be

miflioners to nominated and appointed a Commiflioner as by this Ad directed, fhall, fame Papers a^er ta^’n8 fhe Oath preferibed by the faid Adi of the Forty-firft Year as the Com- °f His prefent Majeftv, have all fuch and the like Powers and Authori-nufiioners ties for putting this Ad and the faid Ad in execution, as if he had been originally originally named and appointed by this Ad; provided, that no Perfon Perfons inte-	be	appointed	a	Commiflioner by virtue of this Ad, or be capable

reded, &c. of ading as fuch who fhall be beneficially interefted in the faid Divifion not to be and Inclofure. ram~d Com-

miflioners. y, provj^e(^ further. That previous Notice of all Meetings of the faid M^e'up °JProprietors and Owners for appointing a new Commiflioner or Commif-Proprietors fioners as aforefaid, fhall be given by fome Two or more cf fuch Pro-for appoint- proprietors or Owners, or their refpedive Agents, or by the furviving ing new Com- 0r remaining Corr.miflioners or Commiflioner for putting this Ad in be^iveiT 10 Execution, or by the Clerk for the Time being to the faid Commiffion-c b * ers, fuch Notice flating the particular Purpofe of the Meeting, and to be affixed cn one of the outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Stone aforefaid, and to be inferred in the Staffordjhire Advertifer or fome other Newfp per printed or publifhed or uluaily circulated in the faid County of Stafford, Fourteen Days at the lead previous to the Day of Meeting, and no fuch Meeting fhall be legal uni els fuch Notices fhall be given in the Manner hereby direded.

Commi&on- VI. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners fhall er^ tefappoint have full Power and they are hereby authorized to appoint a Clerk, and a C: k and a]fo a Surveyor or Surveyors, toaflifl them in the Execution of this Ad Surveyor. and the faid Ad, and fuch Clerk and Surveyors refpedively from Time to Time to remove, and to make any new Appointment whenever fuch Removal or any other Vacancy in the faid Offices refpedively fhall take place, and to fix the Salary, Allowance and Compenfacion to be made to l’uch Clerk and Surveyors refpedively, for their Trouble, Charges and Expcnces refpedively.

Notice to be VII. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners fhall and given of the they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed after the pafling of Meetings of (his t0 give public Notice in the Parifh Chuich of Stone aforefaid, Soners.mml' upon fome Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be fixed on one of the outtr Doors of the faid Church immediately before Divine Service, and alfo to give Notice in the Staffordjlir'e Advertija or fome other Newfpaper printed or pub-lifhed or ufually circulated within the laid County of Stafford, of the Time and Place of their firft Meeting for carrying this Ad into Execution, and fhall give Notice in like-manner of their Second and Third Meetings for executing the Powers vefled in them. Twenty Days ac leafl before fuch Firft, Second, and Third Meetings refpedively, and

of

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 94.	1761

of each and every fubfequent Meeting the faid Commiflloners (hall give Notice in manner aforefaid Ten Days at lead before fuch lad mentioned Meetings* and in cafe Two of the faid Commifiioners (hall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting in purfuance of this Aid, or to which any fuch Meeting fhall be adjourned, it fhall be lawful for the Commidioner who fhall attend, and to and for the Clerk to the faid Commifiioners, in cafe none of the faid Commiflloners fhall attend, to adjourn fuch Meeting from Time to Time to any future Day not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of fuch Adjournment, and to fuch Place as to the faid Commiflioner or Clerk fliall feem mod convenient; and the Perfon making fuch Adjournment is hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the abfent Commifiioners, and to leave at the Time and Place of fuch Meeting at which any Adjournment fliall be made. Notice under his Hand when and where fuch adjourned Meeting is to be held from Time to Time ; but no further or other Notice fhall be neceflary to be given of any fuch Adjournment: Provided always, that all Meetings to be holden by the faid Commifiioners for carrying this Aft or the faid Aft into Execution, fhall be holden within the Parifb of Stone aforefaid, or within Eight Miles of the fame.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That all other Other No-Notices neceflary or required to be given by or in purfuance of this Aft, jj1068^* 10 or by or in purfuance of the faid Aft, fhall be given or publifhed in the be £lvcn° Staffordshire Advertifer, or in fome other Newfpaper printed or publifhed or ufually circulated in the faid County of Stafford, and that all Meetings whatfoever of the faid Proprietors and Owners under or in purfuance of this Act, or of the faid Aft, fhall be held within the faid

Parifh of Stone, or within Eighc Miles thereof; and that fuch Proprietors and Owners, and their refpeftive Attomies and Agents, fhall pay their own Expences at all fuch Meetings.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Difpute or Difference Commifficn. fhall arife between any of the Parties interefted, or claiming to be inte- er? w deter-refied in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, touching or refpefting the

Rights and Interefis which they or any of them fhall have or claim to objections; have in, to, out of or upon the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Objeftion fhall be taken or made by any of the faid Parties to the Claim or Claims of any Perfon or Pcrfons,

Party or Parties therein, or touching or concerning the Tythes fo claimed by the faid John Flewell, William Nicholls, and Richard Hand, or any other Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion and Inclofure, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to inftitutc an Inquiry into, and to examine, hear and determine the fame, upon proper and fufficient Inquiry and Evidence; provided that nothing in this Aft contained fhall authorize the but not to au-faid Commifiioners to determine the Title to any Mefliiages, Lands, thorize them Tenements or Hereditaments whatfoever, in right or in refpeft of which t0 determine fuch Right of Common or other Claims fhall be made.	Tales.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this Commiffion. Aft contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commifiioners to determine en not to

[.Lee. & Per.]	so D	any	determint

*>62

Rights contrary to Poftefiion.

Commiffion-crs may award Colls;

or in default thereof to be recovered by A£lion at Law.

Power to ti difputed Claims at

■48" GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

any Right between any Parties contrary to the PofleiSon of any fuch Parties} but in cafe, the faid Commifiioners (hall be of Opinion againft the Right of the Per fern or Perfons fo in Poflefiion, they fhall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Poflefiion fhall have been taken from luch Per Ion or Perfons by Ejectment or other due Courfe of Law,

XI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Commifiioners fhall, upon: the Hearing and Determination of any fuch Difputes, Differences, Claims or Objedions, fe§ Caufe to award Cofls, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to fettle, afiefs and award fuch Cofls and Changes as they fhall think reafonable, to be paid to the Per-fon or Perfons Party or Parties, in whofe Favour any fuch Determination (hall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties whofe Claim, or Claims, Objedion or Objedions, fhall be hereby difallowed or over-ruled j and in cafe of any Refufal or Negled; to pay the faid Cofls and Charges, purfuant to the Order in Writing of the faid Cammif-fioners, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and chev are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals direded to any Perfon whomfo-ever, to caufe fuch Cofls and Charges, and all Expences occafioned by the‘Nonpayment thereof, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the P-erfon or Perfons, Party or Parties fo negleding or refufing to pay fuch Cofls and Charges, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deduding all Cofls, Charges and Expences attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale? and in cafe there fhall be no Goods and Chattels whereof to levy the fame, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Party.or Parties in whofe Favour fuch Cofls fhall be awarded, to recover the fame by Adion or Adions of Debt or on the Cafe, in which it fhall be fuffi-cient to declare, that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them in the Sum fpecined in the Order made by the faid Com-miflioners, and in virtue of fuch Order, without letting forth any other of the Proceedings had therein,

r XII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties interefted or claiming to be iote-refted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, fhall be diflatisfied with any Determination of the faid Commifiioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims, to Right of Common, or other Rights or Interefls in, over or upon the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands hereby direded to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part or Parts thereof, and fhall be defirous of having fuch Claim or Claims, Rights and Interefls refpedively tried at Law, and fhall by themfelveS refpec-tively or by their rcfpective Agents or Attornies, give or caufe to be given Notice in Writing of fuch Difiatisfaflion and Intention to the faid Commifiioners, or any of them, and to the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties, or his, her or their Agent or Attorney, in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, within one Calendar Month next after fuch Determination of the faid Commifiioners, then and in every luch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons,

Party

1763

+8° GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

Party or Parties giving iuch Notice as. aforefaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter and Question, Matters and Queftions fo determined by the faid Commifiioners, at the Firft Aflizes to be holden for the faid County of Stafford, next after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months' from the Time of fuch Determination being made by the faid Commifiioners, and for that Purpqfe the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties lo difiatisfied with the Determination of the faid CommifTioners, and giving.fuch Notice as afore faid, fhall within one Calendar Month next after fuch Notice (hall be given, caufe an Adtion to be brought in one of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjter upon a feigned Ifiue, againft the Perfon or PerfonS, Party or Parties in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhall have been made, and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Adtions'fhall/ and he, file, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who fhall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Ifiue or 1 flues, whereby fuch Claim and Claims, Objection and Qhje<ftipr,s, and the Right or Rights, Intertft or Interests' thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined (fuch Ifiue or I flues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Adtion or Adtions fhall be broughr, in cafe the Parties or their Attornies cannot agree upon the fame) j and the Verdict or Verdidts which fhall be given in fuch Adtion or Adtions fnall be final, binding, and c'onclufiVe upo'n all ail'd every Perfon and Perfons, Party and Parties whomfoever, unlefs the Courc wherein fuch Adi ion or Adtions fhall be brought or be depepding fhall.fee afide fuch Verdidt or Verdidts, and order a new Trial or Trials'to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Cpurc to do, and-alfp for the fame Court or the Court of N'ifi Prius, upon fufficidne Caufe Shewn, to put off the Trial of fuch Adtion or Actions as‘is ufual in other Cafes, although the Time hereinbefore limited Tor the Trial of‘fuch Action or Adtions maybe thereby exceeded; and after fuch V'erdidt or Verdidts fhall be obtained and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commifiioners fhall and they are hereby required to adt in conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the faid Commifiioners, touching all fuch Claims, Matters and Things hereinbefore referred to them, which fhall not be objedted to in manner before mentioned, or being objedted to, the Party or Parties objecting not caufing fuch Adtion or Adtions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforefaid, fhall be fitfai and conciufiye upon all Perfons and Parties •whomfoever.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That if any of the Parties in any Adtion, Suic Or Proceeding to be. brought or commenced in puriuance of this Adt, fhall d.ie. pending the fame, fuch Adtion, Suit or Proceeding, fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened.

XIV.	Provided alfo. That if 2ny Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour any fuch; Determination as aforefaid fhall have been made, and againft whom any fuch Adtion or Adtions might have been brought if living, fhall die before any fuch Adtion or Adtions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiratiqn of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing

Death of Parties not to affeft Suits or Proceedings.

Allowing Aiftions to be brought after Deaths of Parties in certain Cafes-

1764	48® GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

fuch Aftion or Aflions, it fliall be awful for the Perfon or Per fans, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought foch Aftion or Aftions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if aftually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commiftioners with Notice of fuch Aftion or Aftions in the fame Manner as the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living, and it ftiall therein be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who lhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Aftion or Aftions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings ftiall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been aftually living, and the Right of all Parties lhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Aftion or Aftions.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That no Aftion, Suit or Proceeding to be brought or commenced in purfuance of this Aft, ftiall delay, impede or hinder the faid Commiftioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vefted in them in and by this Aft or the faid Aft ■, provided that the General Award of the faid Commiftioners dial! not be executed before fuch Adtions, Suits and Proceedings are finally determined.

Open Places XVI. And be it further enafted. That all open Places, Patches and againft Roads fmall Parcels of Land lying againft or next to any public Road or Lane d*f d'11*"	w'th'n any Part °f the faid Manor, and which in the Judgmenc of the

cos ■	faid Commiflioners may be conveniently inclofed without incommoding

fuch Roads or Lanes refpeftively, or the public Intercourfe thereon, or rendering the fame of lefs Width than Thirty Peet, ftiall be deemed Part of the Wafts Lands to be divided, allotted and inclofed by virtue of this Aft.

Suits not to

Execution cf the A&.

Power to ftop Roads be-

old Inclo-fures.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That it ftiall and may be lawful for the faid Commiftioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to divert or ftop up any old Carriage Road, Driftway, Bridleway, or Footpath, public or private, leading between, through and over any of the old Inclofures in the faid Manor, or in any adjoining Manor or Dif-trift interefted in the faid Divifion and Incloliire, fubjeft to fuch Concurrence, Appeal, and other Provifions as is and are mentioned in the faid Aft in that behalf; and the Soil of the Roads and Ways fo to be flopped up, fliall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Aft.

Encroach- XVIII. And be it further enafted. That all Encroachments made menu h«w within Twenty Years next before the parting of this Aft, in, upon or to be allotted. from any Part of the laid Foreft, Heath or Common, lhall be deemed Part thereof, and the fame ftiall be divided and allotted accordingly: Provided neverthelefs, that all and every fuch Encroachments lhall be allotted to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, at a Valuation to be put upon the fame by the faid Commiftioners, without conlidering or eftiniating the Value of any Ereftions or other Improvements made thereon but the Land only, and that after the Rate of fo

much

1765

480 GEORGII IU. Cap. 94.

much Money per Acre as the fame (hall in their Eftimation be worth, having Reference to the next adjoining Part of the laid Foreft, Heath or Common, or to an average Value of the Whole in the Difcretion of the faid Commiflioners; and upon Payment of the Amount of fuch Valuation to the faid Commiflioners, at fuch Time or Times as they lhall appoint for that Purpofe (whole Receipt and Receipts (hall be a valid and fufficient Difcharge and Difchargcs for the fame to all Intents and Pur-pol'es whatfoever), every fuch Encroachment lhall immediately veil in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor in Fee Simple, and be allotted and awarded to him, her, or them accordingly; and the faid Commiflioners lhall and they are hereby required to apply the Monies arifing from the faid Encroachments for and towards the Expences of obtaining and pafling this Aft, and of carrying the fame into Execution, and the fame to be applied in fuch and in the like Manner as any other Monies to be railed for thole Purpofes are herein direfled to be applied ; and in Cafe any Difpute or Difference (hall arife touching any fuch Encroachments or the Extent thereof, fuch Difputes lhall be fettled and determined by the faid Commiflioners.

XJX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the feveral Perfons In Perfons who at the Time of the Allotment being made of fuch En- Pofllffion cf croachments as aforefaid, (hall be in the aftual Pofleflion thereof re-fpeftively, or in Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof refpeflively, Leafes!° and their refpeilive Afligns, lhall and may and they are hereby refpec-tively authorized to continue to poflefs, hold and enjoy the (aid Encroachments refpeflively, under and as Tenants to the Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, for any Term to be fettled by the Commiflioners, not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Time of fuch Allotment being made by them as aforefaid, at fuch Rents and upon fuch Terms as the faid Commiflioners lhall fix and fettle in that behalf refpeflively, and which they are hereby authorized and required to fix and fettle, and to certify in Writing under their Hands at the Time of making fuch Allotment as aforefaid, and the fame to be all'o fpecified in their General Award; and the Lord and Lords, Lady and Ladies of the faid Manor lhall and is and are hereby required, upon the Application and at the Colls and Charges of the tefpeflive Perfons who (hall be entitled, to hold and enjoy fuch Encroachments in manner aforefaid, to grant Leafes of the faid Encroachments refpeflively to fuch Perfon and Perfons refpeflively, upon the Terms and according to the Provifio.ns hereinbefore contained in that behalf: Provided further, and if it lhall happen Encroach-that any of the laid Encroachments, or any Cottage formerly erefled mentsorCot. upon the faid Foreft, Heath or Common, and belonging to the Lord of ,3geJ may be the faid Manor, lhall, upon the fetting out and dividing the faid Foreft, exchanged. Heath or Common and Wafte Lands under and in purfuance of this Aft be fituated in the midft of any particular Perfon’s or Party’s Allotment or lie between the fame, and his, her, or their old inclofed Lands, or lhall be otherwife deemed and allowed by the faid Commiflioners to be an inconvenient Intervention of Property, then and in every fuch Cafe, upon the Application of the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties interefted therein, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commilftoners, and they are hereby fully authorized and required to allot the Cottages and En-

[Loc. £sf Per.]	20	E	'	croach-

>706	4&*	GEORGII III. Cap.94.

drsachmtiTts To rirc»3rn{Vahced to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Par-ties rclpte&ively, and thereupon to fct out and allot to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, a full and fair Equivalent by way of Exchange* to be fettied and determined by the faid Gommilboners, for fuch Cottages and Encroachments refpe&ively, eftimared upon the a&ual Value thereof at the Time, from and out oE each fuch Perfon fs or Party's A Hot mem refpe&ively, under and by virtue of this- Affc, to whom fuch Cottages and Encroachments refpe&ively lhall be fo allotted, or with the Con-fent of fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties refpeCiively, but not otherwife, from the old inclofed Lands of fuch Perfon or Per-fons< Party or Parties refpedtively within the faid Manor j provided that fuch Equivalent, in refpeft to any Encroachment made within Twenty Years next before the palling of this Aft, lhall be fubjeft to the fame Conditions and Right of Leafe in favour of the Perfon or Perfons in the aCtual Polteffion of fuch Encroachments refpedtively, or in Receipt of the Rems and Profits thereof at the Time of fuch Allotment as are hereinbefore-declared in refpedl of fuch Encroachments, and would have attached thereon refpeftively had no fuch Exchange taken place, or in lieu thereof fuch Compenfation in Money lhall be made and paid to them reipe&itidy ,by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor,1 as lhall be adjudged by the faid Commilfioners.

A’lotment for XX. Arid be it further enacted. That the faid Commilfioners, after Repairs of fetting out, appointing and alloting in purfuance of the faid Act, all Roads, &c. fuch public Carriage Roads and Highways in, through and over the faid Foreft, Heath br Common and Wade Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed as they lhall judge necefiary, lhall fet our, appoint and allot unto the Surveyor or Surveyors of .the Highways for the Hamlet of-Motberfall aforefaid for the Time being, fuch Part and Parts of the laid Foreft, Heath or Common and Waite Lands, for common Watering Places* and for getting Stone, Gravel and Materials for making and repairing Roads j and the Allotment and Allotments fo to be fet out, appointed and allotted as aforefaid, lhall for ever thereafter be ufed by the faid Surveyors for the Time being, and by the Lord and Lords, Lady and Ladies of the faid Manor, and the Proprietors of fuch MefTuages, Lands nnd Tenements as are entitled to Right of Common, or otherv.ife interfiled in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wade Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, and their Tenants for the Time being, in fuch Manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations as the faid Ccmmiflioners lhall in and by their Award diredfc and appoint.

Commiffion' XXI. And be it further enafled, That the faid Commilfioners lhall and ers co deter- they are hereby fully authorized to fettle and determine whether the Colls, mine how che Charges and Expences of or incident to the obtaining and palling this A cl, and of carrying the fame into Execution, in every refpeil (after appropriating the Monies to arife from the faid Encroachments as aforesaid) fnail be railed and paid by Sale of a fufficient Part of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands hereby intended to be divided, allbtted and inclofed, or lhall be raifed and paid by the feveral Perfons and Parties interefted in the Divifion, Allotment and Inclofure thereof.

Expences o the Aft are to be raifed,

1767

489 GEORG 11 III. Cap. 94.

in proportion to their refpeftive Allotments, Shares, Rights and Interefts therein, or fhall be raifed and paid wholly or in part by either or both of the laid Ways and Means •, provided, that if at the Time of the Ex-cuticn of the General Award of the laid Commiffioners there fhall remain any Sum or Sums of Money due in arrear or unpaid from any Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties which fhall have been adjudged or ordered to be paid by virtue of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to levy and raife the fame in like manner as they might or could have done before the Execution of their Award: Provided always, and in cafe there fhall be any Surplus Monies from all or any of the Ways and Means aforefaid, after all .the faid Colts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and paffing this Aft* and of carrying the fame and the laid Aft into Execution in every Refpeft as aforefaid, fhall be fully paid and fatisfied, fuch Surplus Monies fhall be equally diftribuced by the faid Commiffioners amongft the feveral Perfons and Parties interefted in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, in Proportion to their feveral Rights and In*, terefts therein ; and the Share and Proportion of every'Perfon and Party who ihail be feifed in Fee Simple of die feveral Allotments to be made tb< them refpeftively by virtue of this Aft, fhall be paid to fuch Perfon and Perfons, Party and Parties,refpeftively; and in other Cafes the fame fhall be applied ar.d difpofed of by the faid Commiffioners according to the Direftions and Provifions contained in the laid Aft,.in refpeft to Money paid for the Purchase of Land or Timber growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of ocher Hereditaments to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to let out, allot, and award unto and for the faid John Flewell, William Nicbollsy and Richard Hand refpeftively, according to their refpeftive Shares, Rights and Interefts therein and thereunto, fuch Parcel or Parcels of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, as fhall in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners be a full Compenfation and Satisfaction to the faid John Fleweil, William Nicbollsy and Richard Handy for all their faid Tythesof Corn and Grain, arifing or renewing upon or payable from, or for or in refpeft of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, or fuch Parts or Parc thereof as fhall be fubjeft thereto.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall fet out, allot and award to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being. One full Twelfth Parc or Share of the Whole of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed under and by virtue of this Aft, the Quality and Quantity as well as the Situation thereof being duly confidered, which fhall remain after the feveral public Carriage Roads and Highways, and the Allotments hereinbefore authorized to be made and fet out for public or common Purpoles and for Tyches as aforefaid, and alfo fuch Part or Parts of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands as fhall be fet out by the faid Commiffioners for Sale for the Purpole of defraying the Expences of obtaioing and paffing

this

Arrears may be enforced after Execu-tionofAward.

Application of Surplus Monies.

Directing Satisfaction to be made for Tythes of the Commiilxon-

AKotment to the Lord of the Manor.

1768	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	94.

this Aft, and of carrying the fame and the faid Aft into Execution, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, in cafe the fame or any Part thereof (hall be determined to be raifed by that Mode purfuant to the Powers hereinbefore contained, are dedufted therefrom, fuch Allotment or Allotments to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the laid Manor, to be and to be deemed and raken in Recompence and full Satisfaction for the Right and Intereft of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, in and to the Soil of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands fo to be divided, allotted, and inclofed under and by virtue of this Aft, and for his, her or their aforefaid Right or Claim of cutting Underwood and of Rabbit Warren thereon, but exclufive of fuch other Shares and Proportions thereof as he, (he or they (hall be entitled to in refpeft of his, her or their Mefluages, Lands, and Tenements, to which a Right of Common or other Rights on the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands fo to be divided, allotted and inclofed, is appurtenant, appendant or belonging.

Allotment XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Allot-oitr ? Manor menc or Allotments fo to be made to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady tc n TC1 or Ladies of the faid Manor as aforefaid, (hall comprize a certain Wood particular called The Short Oaks lying above certain Pools belonging to the faid Part of the Thomas Swinnerton, near the Village of MoiherfaU aforefaid, called The Common. Bigg Pool and Little Pool j and the faid Commiflioners are hereby direfted and required to aft in conformity to the aforefaid Directions, in regard to fuch Allotment or Allotments to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Allotments of XX V. And be ic further enafted. That the faid Commiflioners (hall the Refidue. Re out, allot and award all the Refidue of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed under and by virtue of this Aft, after the feveral Allotments hereinbefore direfted or authorized to be made as aforefaid, (hall have been firft made and fet out unto and amongft the feveral Perfons and Parties in-terefted in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, in fuch Quantities, Shares and Proportions as the faid Commiflioners (hall judge and determine to be juft, equivalent and adequate to their refpeftive Rights and'Interefts in the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, and in lieu thereof, having a due Regard as well to the Quality and Quantity as to the Situation of the fame j and the laid Commiflioners (ha l with all convenient Speed after fuch fetting out and allotting the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands is completed, deliver or caufe to be delivered to each of the feveral Owners and Proprietors of Meftuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure or to their refpeftive Agent, a Ticket or Note in Writing, (igned by the faid Commiflioners or their Clerk, fpecifying the Quantity in Statute Meafure, and the Situation of the Allotment or Allotments fet out and allotted to or for the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties whofe Allotment or Allotments (hall be fpecified in fuch Ticket or Note, and which part of the Hedges or Fences they (hall be relpeftively required to make and repair, in order that each of

the

1769

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

the fait! Parties interefted in the laid Divifion may have an Opportunity of confidering the Juft ice. Equity and local Convenience of fuch Divi-fion, before the faid Commiffioners fliall make and pubkfh their General Award,

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That from and after piffing of this NTo Perfon ^ Aft, no Perfon (hall pare, dig, or take away any Sods, Turves or Soil, or

cut or deftroy any Underwood in, upon or from any Part of the faid Heath &c> or Common or Wafte Lands, until the fame (hall be fet out and allotted as aforefaid, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every fuch Offence.

XXVII.	And be it further enaflcd,That it (hall and may be lawful to Rights of

and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and cm-powered at any Time or Times before the Execution of their faid Gene-	be-*

ral Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be fixed upon foreE<ecu-one of the outer Doors of the Parifh Church of Stone aforefaid, to tion of A-order and direft all or any of the Rights of Common in, over and upon wafd*

the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wade Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended for and during fuch Time as fhall be expreffed in fuch Notices and thereupon all fuch Rights of Common fo ordered and directed to be extinguifhed or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended, fhall ceafe, determine and be extinguifhed or the Exercife thereof be fufpended, according to fuch Notice; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, in cafe they fhall judge it expedient, to let by Audion the Pafturage of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, or any Part thereof, for fuch intermediate Time previous to the allotting thereof, as they may think right, and the Monies thence arifing fhall be applied by the faid Commiffioners towards the Expences of palling and executing this Ad.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful Allotment for any Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties who fhall be entitled to any m*y be cor. Allotment or Allotments under or by virtue of this Ad, or who fhall be *c* entitled to any Common Right or other Right in or upon the faid Execution of Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands fo to be divided, allotted Award, and inclofed in purfuance thereof, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demilc, mortgage, limit, devife, convey, affine and difpofe of the fame for all

or any Part of his, her or their Efface and Interefl therein or Right thereto, feparately and diftindly from the MtlTuagts, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in right of which he, fhe, or they is or are entitled to the fame, at any Time before the Execution of the General Award of the faid Commiffioners *, and any fuch Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, De-mife, Mortgage, Limitation, Devife, Affurance and Dilpofition thereof, as well by Will as by any other Inftrument or Affurance, fhall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the faid Award ; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized and required to award all and every fuch Allotment and Allotments fo fold or dil-pofed of, to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or other Perfon or Perlbns, Party or Parties entitled to the fame by virtue of any fuch Sale or Difpofition.

[Lee. fc? Per.]

20 F

XXIX. Pro-

I77°

In cafe any Allotment fhall be fold, ihe fame to be awarded to the Pur-thalrr j

Purchafe Monies being

Perfor, or to the Commif-

Truft for him.

Ejrper.ces of Exchanges to be borne by the particular

Allotments to be made to Landlords.

AMotmei ts to be of the fame Tenure as the Eflate in right of

48® GEORGII III# Cap,94.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Perl'on or Perfons, Party or Parties hath or have fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or (hall at any Time before the Execution of the General Award to be made by the faid Commifiioners fell or contract or agree to fell his, her or their Right, Intereft or Share, or any Part thereof, in, over and upon the laid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, to any other Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties, then and in every fuch Cale it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his, her or their Heirs, Succeflors and Afiigns, for and in refped of fuch Right, Intereft and Share fo fold "or contradcd or agreed to be fold as aforefaid; and any fuch Vendee or Purchafer, or his, her or their Heirs, Succeflors and Afiigns, (hall and may, from and after the Execution of the faid Award, having duly paid to the Vendor the Purchafe or Confideration Monies mentioned in fuch Con-trad or Agreement, or paying the fame into the Elands of the faid Commifiioners (whole Receipt (hall in that Cafe be a lufficient Difcharge) in Truft for the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties entitled to fuch Purchafe or Confideration Monies, hold and enjoy the Land to be allotted to him, her or them as aforefaid, in the fame full and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purpofes, as the Vendor in every fuch Sale, Contract or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in cafe fuch Sale, Contrad or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Rights, Interefts or Share had been vefted in fuch Vendor at the Time of making fuch Allotment.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions by virtue of this Ad or of the faid Ad (except as to any Cottages under the Powers hereinbefore given) (hall be borne, paid and defrayed by the feveral Perfons and Parties making fuch Exchanges and Partitions in fuch Shares and Proportions as the faid Commifiioners fhall dired.

XXXI.	Provided and always, and be it further enaded, That the Allotments to be made and fet out by virtue of this Ad, in right of any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held under Leafe from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Kack Rent, fhall be allotted and fet out to the refpedive Landlords or Leflors, and fhall be held and enjoyed by them free from all Right and Intereft of their refpedive Leflees or Tenants; and fuch Landlords or Leflors refpedively (hall make fuch Abatements out of the Rents referved by luch Leafes refpedively, or fuch other Compenfation or Sa-tidadion on account of the Determination of the Common Rights corn-prized therein, as the faid Commifiioners fhall judge reafonable, and (hall in and by their faid Award or by any other Writing under their Hands afeertain, dired or appoint.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded and declared, That all and every the Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which fhall be fet out and allotted by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad or of the faid Ad fhall, from and after the Execution of the General Award by the faid Commif-

fioners.

48° GEORGII III. Caj>. 94.

fioners, become and be of the fame Tenure, and be held under the fame Rents and Services, and in the fame Manner as the feveral and refpedlive Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in reflect whereof fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall be refpe&ivelv allotted and let our, are and have heretofore been holden and are fubjecl to refpectivcly.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared, That nothing in this Adi contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will, Settlement or Deed whatfoever, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Qlaim of Dower, Jointure, Annuity, Portion, Debt, Rent, Charge or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or affedting any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby directed to be divided, allotted, inclofed or exchanged refpedtively in purfuance of this Aft or of the laid Adi, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedtively ; but that the feveral Mefiuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which fliall be fo allotted or exchanged refpedlively, fliall, immediately pfter the Execution of the Award of the laid Comrnifijoncis, be veiled in and remain, continue and enure, and be held and enjoyed by the feveral Perfons and Parties to whom the fame fhall be allotted or given in exchange refpec-tively , and they (ball refpedtively thenceforth (land and be lei fed and

. pofiefied thereof refpedtively to, for and upon fuch and the fame Ufes, Eftates, Interefts, Trufts, Interns and Purpofes, and fubjedt ,and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Eftates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders, Reverfions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances of every Kind, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for or in refpedt of which fuch Allotments and Exchanges refpedtively fhall be made, would have been fubjedt to, charged with or affedted by at or immediately before the Execution of the laid Award, in cafe this Adi had not been made, and l'ubjedl always to fuch Mortgages, Charges and Incumbrances as fhall be made in purfuance of this Adi or of the faid

a a.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadled, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right of which any Allotment fhall be made by virtue of this Adi, fhall hold their refpedlive Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for, by or under different Eftates or different Titles, the faid Commifiioners fhall afeertain and diftinguilh the Mef-fuages. Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo held by different Tenures, or for, by or under different Eftates or different Titles, and fhall accordingly in their Award fee out and appoint diftindl and feparate Allotments for fuch refpedlive Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further ensdled. That where from want of the neceffary Information before the faid Commifiioners or from any other Caule, the General Award of the faid Commifiioners fhall have omitted to dillinguifh the Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo holden by the faid Proprietor or Proprietors by different Tenures, or for, by or under different Eftates or Titles as afore-

faid,

1771

which they were made.

Wills, Settlements, &c. not to be affe&ed.

Separate Allotments to be made for Lands held by different Titles, &c.

Lands held by different Titles, See. omitted to be difb'nguifhed by the A ward may bi afterwards de-

1772

clared by s feparate In liniment.

48° GEORGH III. Cap. 94.

laid, or fhall have omitted to fet out and award feveral and didin Allotments for any fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as hereinbefore direded and required, it fhall and may be lawful for the Lid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized, at any Time and from. Time to Time within Seven Years after the Date and Execution of their Award, upon Requeft in 'Writing to them made by the relpedive Proprietors of any fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to do all fuch Ads as fhall be neceffary for fupplying any fuch Omiffion, and for that Purpofe to examine Witneffes, and to proceed as if their Award had not been made; and by any Deed or Increment under their Hands and Seals to diftinguifh, afcertain,^ and fet out the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo held by different Tenures, or for, by or under different Eftates or Titles refpec-tively, and the feveral and diftind Allotments in refped thereof refpec-tivelv, in the fame Manner as they are hereby authorized and required to do in Cafes where fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are direded to be ascertained, diftinguifhed and fet out by the General Award ,* and every fuch feparate Inftrument fhall be inrolled in the fame Place as the General Award fhall be inrolled, and Evidence given thereof in the fame Manner as by the faid Ad and this Ad is direded concerning the faid General Award ; and all (he Expences which fhall be reafonably incurred in or about any fuch fubfequent Inquiry and feparate Inft rumen ts as aforefaid, fhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties, who fhall have requested the faid Commiffioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators.

Not to preju- XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, or any dice certain Ad, Matter, or Thing to be done in purfuance hereof, fhall in anywife RiShls- affefi or prejudice any Right which the faiA 'Thomas Swinnerton now poffdffcs or has heretofore exercifed over the different Waters which run from any Springs on the faid Foreft, Heath or Common, into the faid Pools, called The Big Pool and Little Pool, or certain other Pools ufed as Refervoirs to a certain Flint Mill belonging to the faid Thomas Swin-nerton, and occupied by John Adderley as his Tenant, or to the Waters now rented by IVilliam Nicholls by and under the faid Thomas Swinner-ton> or any of them, but the fame Rights refpedively fhall and may be fully exercifed and enjoyed by the faid Thomas Swinnerton, his Heirs and Affigns, as hetetofore; and nothing herein contained fhall be con-ftrued to authorize any Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties, to alter, divert, or change the prefent Gourfe of the faid Waters or Springs, or any of them.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral Allotments to be made by virtue of this Ad fhall be inclofed, hedged, ditched, and fenced at the Expence of the refpedive Proprietors and Perfons to whom fuch Fences fhall be allotted or direded to belong, in fuch Manner and Proportion as the faid Commiffioners fhall by their Award or any other Writing under their Hands dired. or appoint.

Allotments tc be fenced as direded by the Commiffioners.

XXXVIII.	And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

XXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Powers and Provifions contained in the laid Aft for charging any Allotment or Allotments or exchanged Lands with the Expences of obtaining and executing this Aft, fhall and may be exercifed in like Manner upon and over any of the old inclofed Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for or in refpeft of which any Allotment or Allotments fhall be made by virtue of this Aft, in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, Parry or Parties re-fpeftively fo empowered by the faid Aft to charge fuch Allotment and Allotments, fhall deem it necefiary and expedient to include or to fub-jeft fuch old inclofed Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, in the Mortgage or Mortgages Security or Securities to be fo made.

1/73

The Powers of the recited Aft for charging Allotments with Expences, to extend to old inclofed Lands

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon during the Regulation Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the laid Commiffioners as to the Award, fhall keep or departure, or permit to be kept or depaftured, any ^,ep'kf*i’jn Sheep, Lambs, Horfes, Mules, Affes, Cows, Calves, or other Cattle, thelnclofare* Geefe or Pigs in the Roads or Lanes to be fet out by virtue of this Aft for Seven or of the faid Aft, or in any of the Allotments to be made in purfuanceof Years, this Aft: (unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall firft effeftually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Perfon or Perfons from any Injury or Dsmage to their Quickfets or new planted Hedges or Fences) every Perfon offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid, fhall upon Conviftion thereof forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties injured, the fame to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the faid Aft in the Cafe of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XL. And be it further enafted, That once at leaft in every Year Comm'ltloii-during the Execution cf this Aft (fuch Year to be computed from the ers 10 lay Day of the parting thereof) the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are	Sj*

hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all tjce to be Sums of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their audited, own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Aft, and luch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, fhall be by them laid before one of His Majefty’s Juftices of rhe Peace for the faid County of Stafford, not intcrelled in the faid inclofure, to be by him examined and balanced, and fuch Balance fhall be by fuch Juft ice ftated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the laid Commiffioners or of their Clerk j and no Charge or item in the laid Accounts fhall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law unlefs the fame fhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice.

XLI. And be it further ensfted, That the faid Commiffioners fhall Accounts to and they are hereby required, before the Time of executing their Gene- befubmitted ral Award, to fubmit and lay all fuch Statements or Accounts, with the j°a9eneral Vouchers relating to the fame, before a General Meeting of the Perfons vio^to the*'* and Parties intcrefted or concerned in the faid Divilion and Inclofure, Execution cf either by themfelves or by their refpeftive Agents or Attornies, fuch Award. Meeting to be convened ia the Manner hereinbefore direfted as to other [Loc. Per.]	20	G	public

*774

4.9’ GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

public Meetings for the Appointment of new Commiffioners; and the faid Statements or Accounts, or a true Copy thereof, {hall be delivered to the Petfons prefent at fuch Meeting, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they or the major Part of them in Value fhall appoint to receive the fame; and if the Perfons fo aflembled, or the major Part of them in V alue {hall think proper, the faid Accounts fhall be then parted, fettled, and allowed, and (hail not be appealed againft unlefs any Three or more Perfons or Parties interefted therein fhall join and concur in fuch Appeal, and the fame to be carried on by and at the Colts and Charges of the particular Perfons and Parties fo appealing.

Money ad. XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall vanced for advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards defraying carrying’this t*ie Expences 0f obtaining and parting this Aft, or for or towards carry-Aftinto Exe* ing the fame into Execution, every fuch Perfon and Perfons fhall be cntion to be repaid the Monies fo lent or advanced, with Intereft from the Time or Intere!?™1' re*Pc&'ve Times of Advancement, until repaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the firft Monies which (hall be raifed and received for the Purpofes of this Aft, and the Sum and Sums of Money fo lent or advanced {hall be and be deemed to be a Charge on the Monies to be raifed and received by the Commiffioners in purfuance of this Aft.

The Award,

after being inrolled, to be depofited in the Parilh Cheft of Stone.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enafted, That within Three Calendar Months next after the General Award of the faid Commiffioners {hall be inrolled, the fame fhall be depofited in the Parilh Chert: of the Parilh of Stone aforefaid, wherein the Papers and Books relating to the faid Parifh are ufually kept, and that the fame fliall be open to the In-fpeftion and Refort of all Perfons and Parties interefted or claiming any Eftate, Right or Title under fuch Award at all feafonable Times, paying for fuch Infpeftion and Perufal One Shilling and no more, under the Penalcy or Forfeiture of Ten Shillings for each Refufal on the Part of the Perfon or Perfons having the Cuftody or Keeping of fuch Award for the Time being.

Appeal to XL1V. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Seffi^!,rter Party or Parties, fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in Purfuance of this Aft or of the faid Aft,, (other than and except in Cafes where by any of the Provifions of the faid Aft or of this Aft the Determinations, Afts, Orders, or Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners are direfted to be final and conclufive, and except in fuch Cafes where any Ilfue at Law is authorized to be tried, as herein mentioned,) then and in every fuch Cafe he, (he, or they may appeal (but in the Cafe of any Appeal againft the Commiffioners’ Accounts after the fame fhall have been paffed and allowed at a General Meeting as aforefaid, not lefs than Three Perfons interefted therein joining or concurring in fuch Appeal as aforefaid) to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which lhall he holden for the faid County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioners Thirty Days Notice in Writing of fuch Appeal, and of the Grounds and Matters thereof;

*775

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 94.

and the Juftices (not interefted in the Premires) in fuch Seftions af-fembled, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order and award fuch Colls and Damages as to them in their Difcretion (hall feem reafonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which lhall be fo awarded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parlies liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reafonable Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the faid Juftices upon every fuch Appeal (hall be final and conclufive to and upon all Parties concerned, and lhall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at If'ejiminjler or elfewhere; apd in caie fuch Appeal lhall appear to the laid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in fuch Cafe the laid Juftices lhall award fuch Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them the faid Juftices in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and fuch Colls lhall be levied in Manner aforefaid,

w XLIV, Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared. That nothing in this Aft contained lhall be conllrued or adjudged to defeat, leflen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interell of the faid Thomas Susinuerten as Lord of the faid Manor, or any l'ucceeding Lord or Lords, Cady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, or his, her, or their Leffees or Afligns or any of them, of, in and to all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foever, within or under the faid Fortft, Heath or Common and W ade Lands, and every Part and Parts thereof hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or of, in and to the Seigniories, Royalties, Franchifes, and Liberties incident and belonging to the faid Manor; but that the faid Thomas Swinncr-lon, and the l'ucceeding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners of the faid Manor for the Time being, and all and every Per-fon and Perfons claiming by, from, or under or in trull for him, her or them or any of them, lhall and may at all Times hereafter have, hold, take, and enjoy all Quit Rents and other Rents, Services, Courts, Per-quifites and Profits of Courts, Rights and Liberties, but not the exclufive Privilege of Hunting, Hawking and Fowling, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themfelves and puc in Exigent, Deo-dands. Waifs, F.ltrays, Forfeitures, Efcheats and all other Royalties, Immunities, Liberties, Franchifes, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Jurif-dt&ions. Profits, Revenues, Commodities, Emoluments, Advantages, Rights, Members and Appurtenances whatfoever to the faid Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being, incident, appertaining or belonging, or which have been anciently ufed, exercifed and enjoyed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor (other than and except fuch Right of Soil, Rock Stone (not deemed Free Stone, Flag Stone or the like) Clay, Sand and Gravel, and Right of Common and other Rights, for which Compenfation is hereinbefore direfted to be made, and as is and are by this Aft meant and intended..to be barred, dfftrpyetl, and extinguifhel) in as full, large,

ample

Saviflg to the Lord of the Manor of alt Mines and Royalties.

i77&

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 94.

ample and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as he, (he or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe this Aft had not been made j and that the laid Thomas S winner ton, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners of the faid Manor for the Time being, and all and every Perfon and Perfons claiming by, from or under or in truft for him, her or them, (hall and may from Time co Tine and at all Times hereafter have, hold, work, take and enjoy all Mines, Minerals and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind foever, within or under the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wade Lands fo intended to be divided and inclofcd as aforefaid, as well thofe not opened and found as thofe already opened or found, together with all convenient and neceffary Ways and Wayleaves in, through, over and along the lame Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, not only before but alfo at all Times after the fame (hall be divided, allotted, and inclofed in purfuance of this Aft, and full and free Liberty 2t all Times hereafter of making, preparing, laying, repairing and ufing any new Road or Roads, Railway or Railways, Waggonway or Waggonways, or other Way or Ways whatfoever in, through, over and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and for that Purpofe to take away and remove any Hedges, Fences, Trees, Partitions or other Obftruftions which lhall be made for dividing or inclofing the faid Foreft, Heath or Coir.mo* and Waite Lands, or which lhall be (landing or growing thereon, and to do every Aft either now in ufc or hereafter to be invented or praftifed, which /hall be neceffary and convenient to be done for the Purpofe of fearching for, draining, obtaining, winning, working, leading and carrying away the faid Mines, Minerals and Quarries or any of them within and under the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Wafte Lands, and alfo of leading and carrying all Iron, Wood, Materials and Things unto the faid Mines and Quarries needful, neceffary or proper for the draining, winning, working and ufe of the fame refpeftively, and of making Pit Shafts, Pit Rooms, Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Water-courfes and other Drains, and of erefting, fetting up and ufing Fire Engines and other Engines, Buildings, Worklhops and other neceffary and convenient Works, Buildings, Ereftions, Liberties, Powers and Authorities, Matters and Things either now in ufe or hereafter to be invented, known or praftifed, together alfo with full and free Liberty, Power and Authority from Time co Time and at all Times, at his, her, and their Will and Pleafure to remove and take away and convert to his, her, and their own Ufe and Ufes, all and every the Rails, Sleepers, Iron, Timber and other Materials of the laid Waggonways and other Ways, Pits, Shafts, Fire Engines and other Engines, Shops and other Works, Buildings and other Ereftions, Matters and Things whatfoever, to be laid, placed, built, erefted, or brought as aforefaid, and to ufe, exercile, and enjoy as well all and fingular the Rights, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities aforefaid, as all other Powers, Privileges, and Authorities whatfoever, for all or any of the Purpofes aforefaid, as fully, extenfively, and beneficially, and in the lame Manner as if this Aft had not been made.

Satisfaaion XLVI. Provided always, and be ,it enafted. That in cafe the faid Tbo-to be made mas Swinnerton, or the lucceeding Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of for Damage	the

48° GEORGII III. Cap.9^	1777

the faid Manor, or any Perfon or Perfons claiming under him, her, or ^ woikmg them, lhall, after the Expiration of Fourteen Years from the Time of j,.0„ret8e*,|l€f pafling this Adi, win or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals or Quar- ye4IS-ries within or under any of the Allotments or Inclolures fo to be made, and allotted as aforefaid, or lead or carry away the Produce or from any fuch Mines, Minerals or Quarries as aforefaid, or otherwife exerciTe any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges and Authorities aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe the faid nomas SwinnertoH, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor for the Time being, or fuch Ferfon or Perfons claiming under him, her, or them, lhall be fubjeft to and make a reaforiable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground from Time tp Time oceafioned thtreby, after the Expiration of the faid Period or Term of Fourteen Years, but not before, to the Perfon or Perfons who lhall be in Poffcllion of fuch Ground at the Time or Times of fuch Damage or Spoil being done.

XLVII. And be it further enafted and declared, That in cafe the Hufband*, Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, or any Perfon cr Guardian*, Perfons interested or concerned in the faid Divifton and Inclofure to be made by virtue of this Aft, or in any Matter or Thing relating to un{jer Dira-the fame, lhall at any Time be under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics bility. or beyond the Seas, or be under any other Difability or Incapacity of afting for themfelves, then and in every fuch Cafe the Hufbands,

Guardians, Truftees, Committees or Attornies afting for and on behalf of fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid Manor, and fuch other Perfon and Perfons refpeftively as aforefaid, lhall be and are hereby declared competent to do, perform and execute for and on behalf of fuch difabled and incapacitated Perfon and Perfons refpeftively, all and every Aft and Afts, Matters and Things requifite or necefiary in purfuance of or authorized by this Aft, and for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively for and on whole Behalf the fame lhall be done, performed and executed, could or might have done, performed and executed fuch Afts, Matters and Things themfelves, in cafe no fuch Difability or Incapacity exilted.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s Moll Excellent Majelly, General His Heirs and Succelfors, and to all and every other Perfon and Per- Saving, fons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, his, her, and their refpeftive Heirs, Succelfors, Executors and Adminiftrators (other than and except the feveral Perfon and Perfons to whom any Allotment or Allotments or other Compenfation lhall be made by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of the Right, Interetl or Property for which fuch Allotment or Allotments, or other Compenfation lhall be made, and except fuch other Rights and lnterefts as is or are meant and intended, or which the Intents ana Purpofes of this Aft lhall abfolutely require to be barred, ddtroyed, or extinguilhed) all fuch Eftates, Rights, Titles, lnterefts, Claims and Demands in and to, out of, over or in refpeft of the faid Foreft, Heath or Common and Waite Lands hereby direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as they refpeftively had and enjoyed before the palling of this Act,

[Lee. & Per,]	icrn	or

17/8

Aft to be r.rinted by the King’s Primer, and ■a Copy to b Evidence.

4.8° GEORG1I III. Cap. 94.

or could or might have had and enjoyed in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Mod: Excellent Majedy, and a Copy thereof fo printed (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Judices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's mod Excellent Majedy. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*»#*****i|^*********#*********#***H»^*4Mf***-*<H|t#4MHMf#**

Cap. 95.

An Adi for inclofmg Lands in the Pariflics of Mar-den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapelries, Townfhips, and Parifhes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.	[if\	June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the feveral Parifhes of Mar den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas and Withington, and the feveral Chapelries or Townfhips of Amberley and Prejlon Wynn in the County of Hereford, certain Common Meadows, Common Arable Fields, Common Paftures, Commons and Wade Grounds, Part whereof are lying and being within the faid Parifhes, Chapelries, or Townfhips, and other Parts thereof, being Parcel of a certain Common Meadow called Upper Lugg Meadow, are within the feveral Parifhes of Hohner, Pencomb, UllingJ-wick, Pipe and Lyde, Felton and Ocle Pilchard, and in the extra-parochial Place called Livers Ocle, or fome of them, in the faid County of Hertford: And whereas the Moll Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk is Lord of the Manor of Amberley, Charles Bailey Unett Efquire is Lord of the Manor of Mar den, and Williams Allen Doctor in Divinity, Williams Allen and Henry Unett Efquires, as Tenants in common, are Lords of the Manor of Suttcn Saint Michael: And whereas Thomas Gibbons an Infant, by Jcfeph White Gentleman his Guardian, is Lord of the Manors or Lordfhips of Sutton and Sutton Saint Nicholas otherwife Sutton Freene, and is alfo Patron of the Redory or Living of Suttcn Saint Nicholas afore-• " [Toe, & Per.]	20	/	faid.

48‘ GEORGII [M Cap. 95.

faid, and Edward Poole Efquirc, a? .Truftee for the Reverend John Lilly, is Lord of the Manor or Prebend ofEwithhigton as LelTee of the Reverend Janies Bullock Clerk, Prebendary of the Pretend of Ewitbingtoh, in the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and, the laid Edward Poole, as Truftee for the faid John Lilly» all'o Lord of the Mailpr or Prebend of Church Withington, as Leflee of the Reverend Robert Wether eUCXexV, Prebendary of the Prebend of-Church Withington, in the faid Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Dean of the faid Cathedral Church of Hereford for the Time being is Lord of the Manor of Church Withington and Breinton, and the Reverend fob Walker Baugh is Lord of the Manor or Prebend of Nunington as Prebendary of the Prebend of Nunington, in the faid Cathedral Church of Hereford, and Francis GloJTop Efquire, is Lord of the Manor of Thinghill in the faid Parifh of IVithingtor., and the faid John Lilly as Leflee of the Reverend Thomas Powis Doftor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Prebend of Prejlon Wynn in the faid Cathedral Church of Hereford, is Lord of the Manor or Prebend of Prejlon Wynn; all of which faid feveral Prebendal and other Manors, are fituate within or extend over the faid feveral Parifhes of Marden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and the faid Chapelries or Townfhips.of Amberley and Prejlon Wynn refpeftjvely, or fomePart or Parts thereof; but the fam£ Manors refpeftively are notin all Cafes commenfurate with the Parilhes or Chapelries or Townlhips within which they are principally fituate, and their Boundaries are uncertain and intermixed with each other : And whereas an Aft was paflfed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for confolidating in One Ad certain Pro-•vijtons ufually inferted in Ads of Inclcfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral Fads ufuajly required on the paffvig of fuch Ads : And whereas the faid feveral Common Meadows, Common Arable Fields, Common Paflures, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, are in their prefect State very inconveniently occupied, and are of much lefs Value than the fame would be if they were to be divided and inclofed and fpecific Allotments made unto and amongft the feveral Perfons interefled therein, according to their refpeftive Rights in, to, over, and upon the fame ; but as fuch Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure cannot be etfefted without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Expedient Majefty, b,y and with the Advice and Confent of the liords.Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins prefent Imperial Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the laid Common Meadows, Common Arabic Fields, Common Failures, Commons, and Wafte Grounds (hall be fet out, allotted, and divided, as fooii as conveniently may be, by JJjh Harris, of Wickton in the County of Hertford ‘Gent leman, John Eduards of Tar ring-ton in the faid County Gentleman^ and Jyfepk Wainwright^ LJaffs 'Caple in the fame County Gentleman* -.a^; ihatuliey /aiui tlieu .Succeflors tp be elected in manner hereinafter- mentioned, Culb be and they are hereby appointed Conuniflioners fax, djy jdmg* . allotti^ig, and iiiclofmg. the faid Common Meadows, Common 'Arable Fields, Common Pafturei, Commons, and Wafte Grounds, anUtfor pitting Aft into Execution; fub-jeft to the Provilions, of the faki jested-Act, except in fuch Cafes where the fame are hereby varied or altered; :and that;alIA-fts, Mutter^ anil I’hings authorized, or. necuiIaTyv *to be done and^^quttyl by the fakl Commiflioners in purfuance of this and the faid recited Aft, may be'done and executed by any Two of them, and the fame Hull be as ^good, valid, 3	and

1783

4-8’QEORGII in. -Cap.9.5.

and effectual, and fhall have. the. fame Force and Effect as if fuch Acts* Matters, and Things liad beeft done and executed by alt the Commiflioners herein named or to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned.

IT. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid John Karris, John Edwards, and Jofeph Wai nw right, or any Commiflioner or Commiflioners to be appointed in their Stead'as hereinafter mentioned, fhall die, or fhall negleft or refute or become incapable for the Space of Two Calendar Months, to act, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in them fhall be wholly and completely executed, then and in every luchCafe it fliall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of the Lands and Grounds fo intended to be divided, allotted, andinclofed, at a Meeting or Meetings from Time to Time to be appointed by any Two or more of the faid Proprietors, by an Advertifement in the Newfpaper called the Hereford Journal, or if fuch Newfpaper fhall not be then published, then in feme other Newfpaper circulated in the faid County of Hereford', and by Notice on the ieveral Church or Chapel Doors of Marden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, Withington, Holmer* and Preflon Wynn, at lead Thirty Days before the Time appointed for holding any fuch Meeting, to appoint feme other fit Perfon or Perfons, not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure, to be a Commiflioner or Com-miflioners in the Place or Stead of fuch Commiflioner or Commiflioners fo dying or refufmg to aft as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy or Vacancies fhall happen by fuch Death, Neglect, Refufal, or Incapacity ; and every Perfen who fliall be nominated and appointed a Commiflioner as aforefaid, fhall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the faid recited Aft into Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commiflioner in and by this Aft,

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby required to caufe public Notice to be given in the Parifh Churches or Chapels of Mat den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, Witbhigton, and Preflon Wynn; and where the Object of any Meeting fhall extend to the faid Common Meadow called Upper Lugg Meadow, then alio in the Parifh Churches of Holmer, Pencombe, Ullihgs-•wick, Pipe and Lyde, Felton, and Ocle Pitchard aforefaid, upon feme Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the faid Parifh Churches or Chapels refpeftively, and by Advertifement in the Hereford Journal, or fuch other Newfpaper as aforefaid, of the Time and Place of their firft and every other Meeting for the Execution of this and the faid recited. Aft, at lead eight Days previous to every fuch Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only exceptedj, and that fuch Meetings fhall be held within the faid Parifh of Marden, or within Eight Miles thereof, and that fuch Firft Meeting fhall be held within Thirty Days after the palling of this Aft, or as foon after as conveniently may be, and the faid Commiflioners fhall and may adjourn every or any fuch Meeting from Time to Time as they fhall think proper.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all other Notices neceffary or re-quifite to be given by the faid Commiflioners in purfuance of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, fhall be fo made and given by Advertifement in th<? Hereford Journal or fuch other Newfpaper as aforefaid.

For appointing nr w Cora-mitiioners.

ComrnifTioft-trs to give Notice of their Meet, ings.

Other Notice* how to be

V. And

T7^:+

Com mi fit oners’ Allow-

Surveyors.

pay*tli«ir ov Laprnccs,

Fovdctrmii

ing Oirmen

^GFORGII : III. Cab. 95.

V.	And be It further enafted, That each of the faid Coinmlflioners fhall be refpedively allowed the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve' Shillings arid Sixpence and no more, for his Trouble and Expences for each and every Day he fhall ad in the Execution of the Powers of this Ad or the faid recited Ad,'and at all fuch Meetings fuch ComfnifTioner fhall out of fuch Allowance pay and defray his own. Charges and Expences.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That David Pain of Lugivardine in the faid County of Hereford^ Land Surveyor, fhall be and is hereby appointed the Surveyor for the Purpofes of this Ad and of the faid recited Ad, as and with refped to fo much of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, not being in Upper LuggMeadow afore-iaid, as are fituate within the faid Parifh of IVithington and Chapelry of Prejlon Wynn ; and that Jofepb Powell, of Sutton Saint Nicholas aforefaid. Land Surveyor, fhall be and is hereby appointed the Surveyor for the Purpofes of this Ad and the faid recited Ad, as and with refped to the faid Common Meadow called Upper Lugg Meadow; and ft* much of the Land* and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, as are fituate within the faid feveral Parifhes of Mardch, Sutton Saint Michael, and Sutton Saint Nicholas-, and the faid Chapelry ofTownfhip of Ainbetky or elfewhere, not in Withington or Prejion Wynn aforefaid; and in cafe .of their refpedive Death, Negled, Refufal, or Incapacity to ad from June to Time as often as there fhall be Oceafion, the faid CommifTioners may by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint fome other Perfon or Perfons te be the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purpofes of this and ttie faid recited Ad, in the Place or Stead of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors who fhall refpedively fo die, negled, rtfufe, or become incapable of ading as aforefaid ; arid the faid refpedive Surveyors fhallbe paid a full Recompense or Satisfadion for his or their Trouble, and for all his or their Expences and Charges whatfoever in furveying and meafuring the faid Lands and Grounds, and in planning and flaking out the feveral Allotments intended to be made in purfuance of this and the faid recited Ad, and in making fuch Maps and Plans as may be required by virtue thereof, fuch Recom-pence and Satisfadion to be from Time to Time fettled, allowed and certified by the faid Commiflioners by Writing under their Hands.

° VII. Provided always, andbe .it further enaded, That the faid feveral Owners or Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fhall pay their cwn Expences when they or any of them fhad attend the faid Coinmiffiouers at any of their Meetings to be held in purfuance of the faid recited Ad or this Ad.

1- VIII. And be it further enaded. That if**ny Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to beinterefted in the faid intended Divffion and Allotments, touching or concerning the refpedive Rights and Intereds which they or any of them fhall have or claim fo have, of or in the fame, or tiniching or concerning any other "Matter or Thing relating to the faid Divifion, Allotments, and Ir.clofure, it-fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commfffioners and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained {hall authorize the faid Commiflioners to determine the Tithe -to' any MeffuageV, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever.

IX. And

48* Georgii ill. Cap.95,	1785

IX.	And beit further enafted, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners fliall fipon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objeftiori 0 s' or Objeftions, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the faid recited Aft, fee Caufe io award any Cofts, it fhall and may be lawful to

and for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, anefs; and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiffioners fhall be made, by the Perfon Or PerfOns whofe Claim or Claims, Objeftion or Objections ffiall be 1 hereby difallowed or over-ruled ; and in cafe the Perfon of Perfons who ffiall be liable to' pay fuch Cods and Charges, ffiall hegleft or refiife to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals direfted to any Perfon whomfoevet, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo neglefting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels ffiall have been fo diftrained and fold, after dedufting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale*

X.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted, That in cafe any Per- For allowing fon or Perfons interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid Divifion,

Allotments, and Inclofure, ffiall be diffathfied with any Determination of by an lituc at the faid Commiflioners, touching or concerning any Right or Rights, Lavv*

Claim or Claims, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby

direfted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or of any Right of Common or other Rights or Intereftsin, to, over, oruponthefame or any Part thereof, it ffiall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons fo difiatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fo determined by the faid Commiffioners, at the then next or at the following Affizes to be holden for the faid County of Hereford, and for that Purpofe the Perfon Or Perfons who ffiall be fo diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioners, ffiall caufe an Aftion to be brought upon a feigned Iflue againft the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination (hall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination of the faid Commiffioners ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Aftions ffiall, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby required to appoint an Attorney or Attor-nies, who ffiall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iflue or blues, whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (fuch Iflue or Iffiies to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid Aftion or Aftions ffiall be commenced, in cafe the Parties or their Attornies differ about the fame) ; and the Verdift or Verdifts which ffiall be given in fuch Aftion or Aftions ffiall be binding on all the Parties thereto, unlefs the Court wherein fuch Aftion or Aftions ffiall be brought, ffiall fet afide fuch Verdift or Verdifts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, upon Caufe ffiewn as in other Cafes; and that after fuch Verdift or Verdifts obtained and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby required to aft in conformity thereto: Provided alfo that no fuch Aftion, Verdift, or new Trial fhall impede or delay the faid Commiffioners in the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled in them, but, the Divifion, Allotment, and Inclofure hereby direfted to be made, ffiall [Loc, & Per.]	so	K	be

4S‘,GEORGII III. Cap. 95.

be proceeded with in fuch and the fame manner as if no fuch Action or Suit were pending,.

Jvctoai'nofto	^	ftnrther	enaded, That if any of the Parties in any Adion

abu.r 1 t0 be brought in purfuance of this Ad or the faid recited Ad, lhall die pending the fame, fuch Adioxi (hall not abate by reafon thereof, but (hall be proceeded in- as if no (uch Event had happened.

XIL Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perrons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid (hull have been made and againft whom any fuch Adion 01 Adions might have been brought- if li ving, (hall die before any fuch Adion or Adions (hall have been brought, andbefore the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited foi bringing fuch Adion or Adions, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon orPerfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Coporate, who might have brought fuch Adion or Adions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the Time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perfon or Perfons as if. actually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the faid Commiftioners with Procefs for commencing fuch Adion or Adions, in the fame manner as the Party or Parlies might have been ferved therewith if living ; and it (hall th reupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as aforefaid, to appear and defend fuch Adion or Adions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings (hall be had therein in the fame Manner as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been adually living ; and the Rights of alt Parties (hall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adion or Adions.,

XIII.	Provided aifo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad fo be^moiefted contained (hail extend to enable the faid Commiftioners to determine any with© it «iue	Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofieflion of any of fuch Parties,

Couifc of	except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty

Years, as herein-after mentioned ; but in cafe the faid Commiftioners (hall be of Opinion againft the Right of the Perfon or Perfons fo in Pofieflion, they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Poffef-fion (hall have been given up or recovered from fuch Perfon or Perfons by Ejedment or other due Courfe of Law.

Allotment? XIV. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiftioners (hall and hr Soil.	/ufter fating out the Public Roads and Ways which they are by the

faid recited Act direded to fet out) aftign, let out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords of the refpedive Prebendal and other Manors aforefaid, fuch. Part or Parts of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds as dial: contain or be equivalent in Value to One full Sixteenth Part or Share of the laid Commons and Wafte Grounds, fituate^ within their refpedive Mar cs, as a Compenfation and Satisfadion for his or their refpedive Right and Intereft in and to the Soil of the faid Commons and Wafte Grounds ^ and the faid Commiftioners are hereby authorized and empowered to determine within what Manors the faid Commons or Wafte Grounds or any Part -thereof are (ituate; and that fuch full Sixteenth Part when fo allottee and fet out as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the refpedive Manors, to the Lord or Lords of which the fame (hall be fo allotted.

Provifion in Cafrs of Dearh of Par tic: before JL'J tO <6 brought.

XV. Ana

48° GEORGtl III. Cap. 95. t	*787

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners fhat! in the'

next Place fell and difpofe of, purfuant to the Directions of the faid recited ,r .,,g £x. Aft, fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons or Waftes, as in their pence* judgment Will by Sale thereof raife a Sum of Money fufficient to pay and difeharge fuch Proportion of the Charges and Expences of this Aft, as in their Opinion ought to be borne by the Perfons interefted in the faid Commons or Waftes; and that the Refidue of fuch Charges and Expences fhall be borne by the Proprietors of Lands and Perfons interefted in the faid Common Meadows, Common Arable Fields, and Common Paitures, fuch Refidue to be raifed and paid in fuch Shares and Proportions, and by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and within fuch l ime as the faid Commifiioners fhall direft or appoint; and the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized (if required by the Purchafer or Purchafers of the Allotment or Allotments which fhall be fo fold and difpofed of) upon Payment of the full Purchafe Money for fuch Allotment or Allotments, by Deed or Deeds under their Hands and Seals, to grant, releale, and convey the fame to the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns, in Fee Simple, or to fuch Ufes as he, (he, or they fhall direct or appoint:

Provided always, that if there fhall be any Overplus of the Money arifmg by fuch Sale, the fame fhall be applied in the Manner direfted by the laid recited Aft with refpeft to Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame XJfes.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the Deficiency, if Money arifmg by the Sale of fuch Allotment or Allotments as aforefaid, a^^obc^,,)-de fhall not be fufficient to defray fuch Part of the Cofls, Charges, and Expences to be borne by the Perfons interefted in the faid Commons or

Waftes as aforefaid, then the Deficiency fhall be made up by the feveral Perfons interefted in the faid Commons or Waftes, and fhall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions, and within fuch Time, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fhall direft, nominate, and appoint; or in cafe any Expences fhall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provifions of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Perfon or Perfons, and not out of any Money to be raifed for the general Purpofes of this Aft, then the fame fhall be paid in fuch Shares and Proportions, and by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and within fuch Time, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fhall direft, nominate, and appoint; and in cafe any Perfon herein-before made fubjeft to the Payment of any Money towards fuch Charges and Expences as aforefaid, fhall negleft or refufe to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforefaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in all Cafes Allowing pro-whereany of the Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interefted in any pp-tomopay Allotment or Allotments of each of the faid Commons or Waftes, fhall be

minded and defirous of paying their Vefpeftive Shares of the faid Ex-*cf hayin§ pences in Money, inllead of fuftainihg ’a Lofs of Land in their refpeftive -dua!/.6* Allotments, and fhall and do at the Eirft or Second Meeting of the faid 4-	Commiffioners

*7#*	48'	GEOR'GII III. Cap. 95V

t>ommiftioners for receiving Claims of Right of Common, give Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Commiffioners of fuch their Mind and Defire, that then and in every fuch Cafe the Share or refpe&ive Shares of the Party or Parties fo giving fuch Notice as aforefaid of and in all fuch Expences, fliall be paid and defrayed in Money by fuch Party or Parties refpe&ively, in fuch Manner and at fuch Time or Times, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons. as the faid Commiffioners fha 11 by Writing under their Hands order, direct, and appoint; and in all Cafes where any fuch Payment or Payments in Money (hall be fo made as aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners (hall confider thr fame in fetting out the Allotment or Allotments of the Party or Parties making fuch Payment or Payments refpe&ively, and in afcertaining the Share and Proportion of each of the faid Commons or Waftes fo to be fet out and allotted, to fuch Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, and other Perfons refpectively.

XVIII.	And whereas there are manyfmall Pieces of Wafte Lands which lie difperfed, and divers fmall Slangs, Plots, or Parcels of Ground by the Sides of Highways' or Lanes and ehewhere, not neceffary to form Part of fuch Highways or Lanes; be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioners fliall and may and they are hereby empowered to enquire and determine whether fuch olangs. Plots, or Parcels of Ground refpe£lively belong to the Owners of the adjacent Lands or any other Perfon, or are Part of the Wafte Lands hereby directed to be inclofed; and where the fame fhall appear to be Part of the faid Wafte Lands, the faid Commiflioners fliall and may cither allot the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fliall think proper, as Part of the Share or Shares of fuch Perfon or Perfons, of the Wafte l ands hereby intended to be inclofed, or fell and difpofe of the fame in Manner before mentioned, fubjett to the like Application of the Monies to arife frum fuch Sale or Sales as is herein-before directed refpedting the Monies to arife by the Sale of the Lands to be fold as afore-£ud.

Ei'mMch- XIX. And be it further enacted, That ail Inclofures 2nd Encroachments " which have been made from the faid Commons or Waftes (fave and except fuch as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Twenty Years laft paft or upwards without any Interruption or Payment ©f any Acknowledgment) fliall be deemed Part and Parcel of the faid Commons or Waftes; and in cafe any Difference or Difpute (hall arife touching any fuch Inclofures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the faid Commons or Waftes, fuch Difference or Difpute fliall be examined into and determined by the faid Commiffioners; provided that fuch Inclofures or Encroachments fhall and may be allotted to the refpe&ive Perfons who have made the fame, as Part of their Shares of the faid Commons or Wafte Lands, if it can be done without Inconvenience to the adjoining Commons or Lands; and that where fuch Inclofures or Encroachment* fliall have, been made before the paffirig this Act by poor or labouring Perfons, and Houfes or Cottages fliall have been erected thereon for their Refidence, and the faid Commiffioners fhall be of Opinion that fuch Inclofures or Encroachments were made either by the exprefs Confent of or were not interrupted or prohibited by the Lord or principal Inhabitants of the Manor wherein the fame are fituate, or that the Perfons who made the fame ought to be favourably confidered, the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered either to- allot the fame Inclofures or Encroachments

to,

ftrapowiing

48°GEORGII UI* Cap.qs.	*789

co fuch poor, or labouring Perfons in Fee or for the Term of their Lives or otherwile,. where rhe fame earl be done without Inconvenience to the adjoining l ands, or to permit them to remove any Houfes, Buildings, or Trees erected 01 planted thereon or to make them refpedively any moderate or realm-able Compensation either by the Allotment to them of any other Part of fuch Comm ms or Waftes, or in Money to be paid out of the Produce of the Lands i'o directed to be fold, or by the Perfons to whom the Refidue of fuch Commons or Waites within the fame Manor fhall be allotted, as to the Commiflioners lliall feem reafonable and expedient.'

' '* 'r tv. U

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiflioners fhall-and Allotfrenit for may if they lliall think neceflary, but not otherwife, after fetting^ out the* Materu^ Roads and Ways in Manner directed by the faid recited Ad, allot and

award unto the Surveyor of the Highways of each or any of the faid feveral Parilhes of Marden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, Wi'thing-ton, and the Chapelries or Townfhips of Amberley and Prejlcn Wynn, luch Parcels of Land, Part of the Commons or Wafte Grounds, Meadows,

Failures, or Arable Fields hereby intended to be divided and inclofed, as •they the faid Commiflioners fhall think molt proper, for the digging for and getting of Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for the Repair of the Highways and public and private Roads within the faid feveral Parifhes and . iiapclries or Townflnips, the Herbage or Produce of which Allot-' nicht (hull be appropriated in fuch Manner as the faid Commiflioners fhall in and by their Avvard direct and appoint.

XXI.	Ai d be it further enaded, That the laid Commiflioners fhall' be Al’otmsnt of and they are hereby authorized and fedu;red in the next place to afSgn, the^efiJo** fet out, and allot all the Refidue and Re .aindcr tof the faid Comknoh

Fields, Common Meadows, Commona1 -e Lands and Wafte Grounds, by this Ad dire&ed to be divided, allot fti, and me? Ted, unto the feveral Perfons who are or fhall or may be Gv.; rs or Proprietors thereof, whether Freeholders or Cor holders, and the Perfons endtled to or having Rights of-Common or other Rights or Interefts therein and thereon, in luch Shares, Quantities, and Proportions, and of fuch Tenures, whether Freeholder Copyhold, or otherwife, and in fuch Manner as the faid Com-mifiioner* flu. 11 adjudge and determine to be a fair, juft, and reafonable Com-penfationfor their feveral and refpediveShares, Properties, Rights of Common. and other Rights and Interefts of, in, to, and over the lame Lands and Grounds.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That it lhall be lawful to and fof-the For (lopping faid Commiflioners, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Juftices of up Ruads‘ the Peace ading in and for the faid County, fubjed to Appeal as in the faid

recited Ad is mentioned, to divert, flop up, difeontinue,alter, or change any old public Carriage or private Roads or Footways leading into, through, over, or upon the laid Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Wafte Grounds; .and alfo the old Inclofures lying within the. faid Manors, Parifhes, andPkces refpedively, fls to them fhall appear ufelefs and unneceflary, and thaf'Tuch Public Carriage Roads as fhall be To flopped up and difeontinue^ fhall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be fold; or divided, allotted, and inclofed purfuans to this Ad.

\JLoc. £s5 Per -2

: 20 L

XXIII. And

1790

That in cafe ary Perfon fells his Common Right, the Allotment to be made to the Purchafer.

Tenants to

five up allotted Land • cn Satisiac-

For vacating

48* GEOR.GII Hi. Cap.95.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons hath or have fold or contradled or agreed to fell, or (hall, at any Time before the Execution cf the faid Award, fell or contrail or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Intcreft, and Property in the faid Commonable Lands or Grounds or any Part thereof, or his, her, or their Allotment in refpedl thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners' and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer, Vendees or Purchafers in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, for and in refpedl of fuch Right, Inte-reft, and Property fo fold or contracted or agreed to be fold as aforefaid; or if fuch Allotment (hall have been already made, to award the fame to fuch Vendee or Purchafer, Vendees or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns; and every fuch Vendee or Purchafer, Vendees or Purchafers, his, her, or their Heirs or Afligns, (hall and may from and after the Execution of the faid Award, hold and enjoy the Lands fo to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforefaid, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vender or Venders in every fuch Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale, Contrail, or Agreement had not been made, or fuch Rights, Interefts, or Property had been veiled in fuch Vender or Venders at the Time of making and felling fuch Allotment as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enadled, That all Tenants and Occupiers under Leafes or Agreements for any Terms of any Meadows, Fields, or Inclofures which (hall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Acl, (hall immediately after the figning the Award of the faid Commiflioners, or within fuch further Time as the faid Commiflioners (hall appoint (and whereof Notice in Writing (hall be given for that Purpofe) give and refign up the full and peaceable Poffeflion thereof to the Perfon or Perfons to or with whom the fame (hall be refpedtively allotted or exchanged, fuch re-fpedlive Tenants and Occupiers receiving the Lands for which the fame (hall be fo allotted or exchanged in lieu thereof; and fuch of the faid Tenants and Occupiers as in the Judgement of the faid Commiflioners (hall be prejudiced by fuch Exchange by reafon of the different State of Cultivation of the refpedlive Lands, (hall receive from the refpective Tenants and Occupiers of the Lands given in Exchange thereof, fuch Satisfaction in Money as the faid Commiflioners (hall afeertain, order, direct, or appoint, as an Equivalent for fuch different State of Cultivation; and if the Money fo to be afeertained as aforefaid (hall net be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, within Thirty Days after Demand made thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners and they are hereby required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Adi may be raifed and recovered.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Leafe and Leafes of any Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements, (hall, as far as fuch Leafe and Leafes affedt or concern any Allotment or Allotment* to be made of any Part of the faid Commonable Lands, Commons or Wades, in refpeft of. any Meffuages, Lands, or Tenements comprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void as to fueff

Allotment

179*

48° GE O R G11 III. Cap.95.

Allotment and Allotments; and fuch Allotment or Allotments {hall be made and aligned unto the Landlord or Landlords and not to the Tenant or Tenants, LeiTce or Lefiees; and fuch Allotment and Allotments fhall be Freed and difcharged from all the Right and Intereft which may or other-wife might be claimed in or to the fame by virtue of fuch Leafe or Leafes ; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom the Mefiuages, Lands, or Tenements comprifed in fuch Leafe or Leafes {hall belong as Landlord or Landlords, fhall make fuch Compenfation to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame, under fuch Leafe or Leafes as the faid Cominifiioners {hall by Writing under their Hands dired, for the Right of Common or any other Rights or Interefts in, over, or upon the faid Commonable Lands, Commons, or Waftes, or any Part thereof appendant or appurtenant to fuch Meffuages,

Lands, or Tenements; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall negleCt or refufe to make any fuch Compenfation to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto on Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Commilfioners and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Ex-pences of obtaining and executing this Ad or any Part thereof can or may be raifed or levied : Provided always, that if there {hall be any Leafe of Lands, Part of which fhall lie in any of the before mentioned Parifhes, and part in any adjoining Manor or Parifh, all and every fuch Leafe or Leafes upon Rack Rent now fubfifting may be vacated, but where any Lands {hall be taken in Exchange, which Lands fhall be under Leafe and wholly fituate in an adjoining Manor or Pariih, the Leafe of fuch laft*mentioned Lands fhall not be vacated.

XX Vl. And be it further enaded, That where any Parcels of Land or Certain Landt Lands to be allotted for any Right of depafturing Cattle or other Common and^

Rights in any of the faid Common Meadows, Paftures, Commons, or common. Waftes, {hall be fo. fmall as the fame cannot be conveniently or advan-tageoufly fenced off or feparated, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Com-miflloners to allot and fet apart all fuch Pieces or Parcels of Land in the faid refpedive Paftures, Meadows, Commons, or Waftes, in forae One or more convenient Place or Places, to be held and enjoyed by the Owners thereof in common, and by their Award to dired and appoint by whom and under what Regulations and in what Manner the fame {hall from thenceforth be refpedively held, occupied, and enjoyed.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to Certain inter, and for the faid Commiflioners to aftign, fet out, and allot unto and amongft the feveral Perfons who are or fhall or may be Owners or Pro- to Perfons prietors of Meadow or Pafture Lands in the faid feveral Parifhes of Mar-	RiSht

den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and IVithington, and m# Town {hips of Amber ley and Prejlon Wynn, 011 which the Proprietors of Lands in general in thofe Parifhes, Chapelries, or Townfhips, have not Right of Common, but which are in effed Common amongft the immediate Proprietors thereof by their refpedive Cattle ranging over the whole of fuch Meadow or Pafture Lands, their Properties therein being intermixed and in fome Cafes changeable by Lot or otherwife, in fuch Proportions and Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall deem juft and rea-fonable.

XXVin. And

Far fen ir.g Giebe Allot-

*792	48° GEORGII III. Cap.95.

c'MihTg0"r	XXVTIT. And be it farther enabled. That it fhall be lawful for ihe {'aid

fufueiving	Commiflioners and they are hereby authorized at any Time or Times

ot^omnv '.1'^ ^ore Execution of the faid Award, by Notice in Writing under their an: imcreits Hands to be affixed upon the Church or Chapel Doors of the refpe&ire Award**12 P;!r,flies> Chapetr.es, orTownfhips aforefaid, to order and direft all or any v’ar	Part	of	the Gates, Rights of Common, and other Interefts in, over, or

upon the Commonable Lands and Waftes to be divided, allotted, and inch .fed as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended for and during fuch Time as fhall be exprefled in fuch Wi king; and that all fuch Gates, Rights, and Interefts as the faid Commiflioners {hall by fuch Writing order and dired to be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforelaid, fhall from the Time fpecifted in fuch Notice ceafe, determine, and be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof be fufpended accordingly j any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted. That the Plot and Plots of Lands and Grounds which fhall be let out and allotted in Right of the Glebe Lands within the faid i'everal Parifhes, Chapelries, or Tovvnlhips by virtue of this Ad, fhall be inclofed and fenced round with Ditches, Pofts, and Rails, or other proper Mounds and Fences, and Quickfets or Hawthorns fhall be planted in fuch Fences j and that the lame fhall be fo made and done by or under the Diredion of the laid Commiflioners, and the Expences thereof fhall be borne and paid as the Expences of this Ad are hereby direded to be paid } and the faid Commiflioners fhall dired and appoint what Part of the faid Ditches and Fences fhall afterwards relpedively belong to the Rector to whom the fame fhall be allotted for the Time being, and what Part to any other and which of the faid Proprietors; and the faid Ditches and Fences when properly made fhall for ever thereafter be kept up, maintained and fupported by and at the Expence of the Person or Perfons whom the faid Commiflioners fhall direct to do the fame.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to fet out, allot, and award any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Parifhes, Chapelries, or Townfhips of Mar den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, Witbingfon,HcImer,Pencomb,U/iings’iuick, Pipe andLyde,Felton, and Oc/e Pit-chard, Amberley, Prejlon Wynn, and the extra-parochial P ace called Livers Ode, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid feveral Paiiflies, Chapelries, or Townlhips and Places, or within any adjoining Parifh, Hamlet, or Town-fhip; provided that all fuch Exchanges be ascertained, fpecified, and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and be made with the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which fhall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors fhall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Col egiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee .Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtel y of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Truflees, Feoffees lor charitable or other Ufes, Hufbarids, Committees, or Attomies of or acting for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the Time of making luch Exchange or Exchanges

7	foal!

Allowing to be made.

4$° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 95.	179}

(hall be refpedively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability', or who Ihall be beyond the Seas, or othervvife difabled to a<St for themfelves, himfelf, or herfelf, fuch Confent to be teftified in in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpedively ; and all and every fuch Exchange and Exchanges fo to be made fliall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to al! Intents and Purpofes whatsoever : Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange Ihall be made of any Lands*

Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent teftified as aforefaid of the Patron thereof and of the Lord Bilhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged ihall lie and be fituate: Provided always, that all Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, fliall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch Manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fliall by their Award order and direct: Provided alfo, that the faid Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, fliall pay their own Expences when they or any of them Ihall attend the faid Commiflioners at any of their Meetings to be holden ia purfuance of this Ad.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of p,°ra^ue?t this Act until the Execution of the faid Award, all the Arable Lands ihecou. k of hereby directed to be divided and allotted, fliall be fubjed and liable to Hutbindry fuch Directions and Regulations as the faid Commiflioners fliall from Time to Time by any Writing under their Hands appoint, with regard to the flocking, ploughing, tilling, fowing, and laying down the fame ; and it fliall ,be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to order and direct fuch Sum or Sums of Money in refped thereof to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Arable Lands or any Part thereof, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, to arty other Perfon or Perfons in like Manner interefted therein, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as the faid Commiffioners Ihall think r^aibnable, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who Ihall be direded to pay any Sum or Sums of Money upon any of the Accounts aforefaid, Ihall negled or refufe to pay the fame orr Demand, then and in fuch Cafe it fliall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe or Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, by fuch Ways and Means as the Surplus Cofts, Charges, and Expencea of obtaining, and executing this Act or any Part thereof can or may be railed and levied* in cafe the Land direded by this Ad to be fold for the raifing of Money to defray fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences, fhall not upon the Sale thereof have raifed Money fufficient for that Pur-p.Qi‘e.

, XXXII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners fliall SathftctTori to and they are hereby authorized and required, by any Writing or Writings ^'^efor »

, under tneir Hands, to afeertain, order, and appoint what Recompenc-e crop- and and Satisfadion in Money fliall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing upon the Land- and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, at the Time fuch Divifion, Allotment, or Inclofure fliall be made, for the faid Crops by theP erfon or Perfons to whom the [Loc. & Per.],	'	20	M	Lands

48e GEORGII lir. Cap. 95.

Lands and Grounds on which fuch Crops are growing fhall be allotted, tmlefs fuch Owner or Owners fliall within the Time to be appointed by the faid CommifTioners for that Purpofe, declare his, her, or their Intention to cut, reap, and carry away the fame; and in cafe of Non-payment of fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion for fuch Crops at the Time and in the Manner to be drrefted by the faid Commiffioners, or in cafe of fuch Eleftion to reap and take away the fame, then it {hall be lawful for fuch Owner or Owners, and his and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, with Horfes, Carts, and Carriages, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon fuch Crops fliall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the fame for his, her, or their own Ufe; and the faid Commiffioners fhall alfo and they are hereby authorized and required, by any "Writing or Writings under their Hands, to afcertain, older, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaftion in Money fhall be paid, and to whom, for the Standage of fuch Crops by the Owner or Owners elefting to carry away the fame asaforefaid, and alfo what Recompence and Satisfaftion in Money fhall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land within the faid refpeftive Parifhes, Chapelries, and Townfhips, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands and Grounds which fhall be divided, allotted, or inclofed by virtue of this Aft for the Benefit and Advantage accruing thereby to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands and Grounds fhall be allotted, as for any Lofs or Difadvantage which any fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers fhall or may fuftainby the Lofs of their following or way-going Crops upon the Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to be divided, allotted, and inclofed ; and if in any or either of the faid Cafes the Money to be paid for fuch Recompence and Satisfaftion fhall not be paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed as afore-laid by the' faid CommifTioners, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raife and levy the fame for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto by fuch Ways and Means as the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Aft and of executing the fame, and the faid recited Aft, are herein-after direfted to be raifed and levied.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued, adjudged, deemed, or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or impeach any Settlement, Deed, or Will vvhatfoever, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right, Title, Intereft, Claim, Charge, or Incumbrance what foe ver in, to, out of, upon or affefting any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Aft, but that the refpeftive Shares of the Lands or Grounds to be allotted or exchanged, fhall immediately after fuch Allotments or Exchanges be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the feveral Perlons to whom the fame fhall be allotted or ^iven in Exchange, fhall from thenceforth (land and be feifed and pofteffed thereof refpeftively bv fuch Tenure, for fuch Eftates, upon fuch and the fame life's and Trufts, and vith fuch and the fame Powers, and fubjeft-to fuch and the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Remainders, Reverfions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the feveral Mef-fhages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Allotments or Exchanges fhall be made, were held and Rood feverally limited or fubjeft or liable to at the Time of making fuch Allotments or ’ Exchanges.

XXXIV. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap.95.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Cofts, Charges, and Ex'-pences of procuring and parting this Ad, and of furveying, planning, meafuring, dividing, and allotting the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and inclofed, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the faid Commiifioners, and making and repairing fuch Fences* Roads, Gates, Stiles, Drains, Bridges, and other Conveniencies as the faid Commiflioners (hall think reafonable to be made, and all other neceflary Charges and Expences incident to and attending the carrying this and the faid recited Ad into Execution, lhall be defrayed and difcharged by and out of the Money arifing by the Sale of fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commons or Waftes as lhall be allotted for that Purpofe, and the Monies to be raifed as herein-before mentioned refpedively.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That once at leaf! in each and every Year during the Execution of this Ad, to be computed from the Day of parting thereof, the faid Commiflioners lhall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ad j and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, lhall be by

, them laid before any Two Juftices of the Peace for the County of Hereford, to be by them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance lhall be by fuch Juftices Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in theOflice of theCUerk to the faid .Commiflioners, and no Charge or Item in fuch Account lhall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law unlefs the fame lhall have been duly allowed by fuch Juftice9.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon lhall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of obtaining and parting this Ad, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every fuch Perfon lhall be repaid the fame with Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Firft Monies that lhall be received for defraying fuch Expences.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded. That all Perfons wh© fliall think themfelves aggrieved by any 1 hing which fliall be done in purfuance of this Ad or of the faid recited Ad (except in fuch Cafes where the Orders and Determinations of the faid Commiflioners are herein or therein declared to be final, binding, and conclufive or where an Iflue at Law fliall be tried as herein-before mentioned, every fuch Perfon may apped to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Hereford, at the General Quarter Seffions to be held within Four Calendar Months next after the Caufe of fuch Complaint lhall have arifen, .the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing firft giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing to the Party or Parties appealed againft, and entering into a Recognizance with Two fufficier.t Sureties before a juftice of the Peace -for tijc fame County conditioned to profecuteduch Appeal with Fifed, .-■nd to pay. the Cofts which fhali be awarded by fuch Julfesio, be paief by fuch Appellant? refpectiy'^y; and the Juftices in their faid General garter; Seflion$jare 1 c/eby authorized and required to hear and determine fuch. Appeal, .ant} to give fuch Cofts to either Party' as they fliall think reafonable, and to make fuch Order therein as to them fhali appear juft,, which Order lhall be final and. conclusive to all Parties, and fhali not be removed or removable by any Writ of

3	» Certiorari

*795

For paying the Exp.nccj of the Act*

Commiffiort-tr*to laythei# Acconn«8 befu e Two J ulticc*.

For payin'*

Money ^

Quarter Sdf-*

*79&

General

Saving,

Act to be

printed by the King’s Printer.

48'GEORGII III.	Cap.95.

Certiorari into any of His Majedy’s Courts of Record at Weftminfter of elfewhere.

XXXVIII.	Saving always to the King’s mod Excellent Maje/ly, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to ail and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Succeffors, Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators (other than and except the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to and amongft whom the faid Commons or Wade Lands Ihall be allotted and divided in purfuance of this Aft) all fuch Right, Title, and Intered (except fuch as are hereby intended to be barred and dedroyed) as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the faid feveral Commonable or Wade Lands, at the Time of palling this Aft, or could or might have had or enjoyed in cafe this Act had not been made.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft (hall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy ; and a Copy thereof fo printed fhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by Georoe Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majedy. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***************************************************

Cap. 96.

An A£t to enable the Commercial Infurance Company of Dublin to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary.	[3d	yune i8o8.j

WHEREAS feveral Perfons have formed themfelves into a Society, or Partnerfhip, in the City of Dublin, under the Name of the Commercial Injurance Company, and have fub-fcribed or railed confiderable Sums, in order to effedt Infurances in Ireland on Ships and Merchandize, againft: the Perils and Dangers of the Seas, and alfo againft Fire and on Lives, and to grant and pur-chafe Annuities: And whereas the Public hath been greatly benefited by tire Formation of luch Society, or Partnerfhip, with a competent Capital to carry on the fame, and a confiderable Revenue is derived to His Majefty therefrom : And whereas Difficulties have arifen, and may from Time to Time arile, as well in recovering Debts which are, or (hall,or may grow due tothefaid Society, or Partnerfhip, called the Commercial In-furence Company > as in profecucing Perfons who may fteal or embezzle the Property of, or who may commit or be guilty of any other Offence againft, or with the Intentto injure ordefraudrhefaid Society, orPartner-fhip, as bv Law, all the feveral Members, Partners, or Proprietors of and ih foch Society, or Partnerlhip for the Time being, muft in luch Cafes fue and profecute by their feveral and diftindt Names and Delcrip-fions: Wherefore, for avoiding, and removing fuch- Difficulties, and for [Loc. & Pen]	20	N	more



179^	4&°	GEORGII	III.	Cap. 96.

more eifily carrying into Execution the feveral Undertakings hereinbefore mentioned : May it pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enaCted, and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent otthe LordsSpiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. Actions msy That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or inftituted by or on behalf b. ihe'\hC	Society or Partnerfhip, or of the Members, Partners, or Proprie-

of the Secret tors >nccrefted therein, for the Time being, againft any Perfon or Perfons, tary.	(whether* fuch Perfon or Perfon is, are, or Ihall then be a Member or

Members, Partner or Partners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, of and in the faid Society or Partnerfhip, or not,) or againft any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, fnall or lawfully may be commenced or inftituted, and profecuted in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being, of the faid Society or Partnerfhip, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for and on behalf of the faid Society or Partnerfhip, or of the Members thereof, or Partners or Proprietors interefted therein, for the Time being: and all ACtions and Suits to be commenced or inftituted againft the faid Society or Partnerfhip, fhall be commenced, inftituted, and profecuted againft the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of the faid Society, or Partnerfhip, as the nominal Defendant for and on the Behalf of the faid Society or Parinerfhip; and that ail Prol'ecutions to be brought or inftituted by or on behalf of the faid Society or Partnerfhip, for Fraud upon or againft, or for Embezzlement, Robbery, or ftealing the Property of the faid Society or Partnerlhip, or for any other Offence committed againft, or with the Intent to injure or defraud the faid Society or Partnerfhip, or the Members thereof, or the Partners or Proprietors therein for the Time being, fhall or lawfully may be fo brought or inftituted, and carried on in the Name or Names of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being, of the faid Society or Partnerfhip j and in all Indictments and Informations it fhall be lawful co ftate the Property of the laid Society or Partnerfhip, to be the Property of the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being of the faid Society or Partnerfhip j and any Offence committed with Intent to injure or defraud the faid Society or Partnerlhip, or the Members thereof, or the Partners or Proprietors interefted therein, for the Time being, fhall, and lawfully may in iuch Proiecution, be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being, of the faid Society or Partnerfhip, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any fuch Offence, and the Death, Refignation, or Removal, or other ACt of fuch Secretary or Secretaries, ihall not abate any luch Action, Suit, or Profecution.

Aft not to in- II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or corporate, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to extend, to incorporate the laid So-relievc from ciety or partnerfhip, or to relieve or difeharge the laid Society or Part-li e ponn I- ncrfhip, or any of the Members thereof, or Partners or Proprietors therein for the Time being relpeCtively, from any Refponfibility, Contracts, Duties, or Obligations whatfoever, which by Law they may now or ac any Time hereafter, be fubjeCt or liable to, either as between

1799

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 96.

tween fuch Society or Partnerlhip, and others, or hetween the, or any of the, individual Members of fuch Society or Partnerfhip, and others, or among chemfclves, or in any other Manner whatloever.

Til. And be it further enafted, That this Aft Ihall be deemed and Public A A. taken to be a public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juitices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll Excellent Majefty. 1808.





.o ■	'	.	>;	>iiiw	.

'	i	1 > m	!ll:	■ I., i 1 ■	.

i	..............

... . ci ... i .	.	*

i.-.T!	/■	.■•;	!)	..	i" !i	A	!

■r. . i- m i. .-1 . • i. ; . . . . .4 , '	.	t	.	m	\i

:	■	;	•	.	.	i	j	,w;	!.ni. . r> <■' •

..-i: ...Iq

, M ’.Ji’iii ukA Leu	Ea::	)aS	\<J	.	jA;.	.	.	.	J	J

... .	a;

■ i .	■	,l	■	■	j	.	'	i	.	■	i

• <

>. '•





ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

************************************************* ***

Cap. 97.

An A£t for making more effectual Provifion for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Luke in the County of Middlefex.

June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlefexy was formerly Part (and was called the Lordlhip Put) of the Parifh of Saint Giles, Cripplegate, and was feparated therefrom, and became a diftinft Parifh, under and by virtue of an Aft paff'd in the Sixch Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, A&6Ger.2. An Aft for providing a Maintenance for the Red or of the New Churchy c. ai. near Old-Street, in the Parifh of Saint Giles, Cripplrg.te, and for making that Part of the faid Parijh, which is called the Lordfhip Part, a diftind Parijhy and for empowering the Commiffioners for building of the Fifty New Churches, to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the /'aid Church and Church yard^ and to ered a Houfe for the Habitation of the Redor of the faid Church, cut of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the faid Fifty New Churches: And whereas an Aft was paffed in the 0 Geo Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Second, 2. c.^2. [Loc, ft? Per.]	20	O	intituled.

i802

22 Geo. 3. c. 56.

A£ts of 6rh and 30th Geo. 2. an< 2zd Geo. 3. repealed.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

intituled, y^/z A Cl for the afcertaining and collecting the Poors' Rales, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor in the Pariffi of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlefex; And whereas another A£t was patted in the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A5i more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlefex, to -purchafe, hire, or ered a Workhoufe 'within or near the /aid Parifh, for the belter Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Jaid Parifh : And whereas the Provifions of the faid recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Second, as to making the laid Parilh of Saint Luke a riiftinct Pariffi, and making Provifion for the Re<5tor of the faid Parifh, in Manner therein mentioned, have long fince been carried into Execution : And whereas the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, have alfo been carried into Execution, fo far as the fame relate to the ere&ing of a Workhoufe for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the faid Parifh, and large Sums of Money have been expended therein : And whereas fince the palling of the faid Adis of Parliament, the Number of the Inhabitants of the faid Parilh, and the Amount of the Sums collected for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof have greatly increafed, and Debts to a confiderable Amount are now owing by the faid Parifh, for Sums of Money borrowed and expended under the Provifions of the faid laft recited Adi, and for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parilh : And whereas many of the Provifions of the faid recited Adis are inadequate to the carrying into Execution the Purpofes thereof in Relation to the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parilh, and the raifing the Rates for that Purpofe j and it is nectffarv that the fame fhould be altered, amended, and enlarged: And whereas it would greatly tend to facilitate the Execution of the Powers now become neceflary, if the fame were reduced into One Act: Be it therefore enadted, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, as enacts,« That the Rector of the faid Church, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers for the Poor of the faid new intended Parilh for the Time being, and all other Perfons who have ferved, or paid Fines for being excufcd from ferving all Offices in and for the faid Diilrict, or new intended Parifh, or who from Time to Time hereafter ffiall ferve, or by the Veftry be admitted to pay Fines for being excufed from ferving all Offices in or for the faid new intended Parilh, fo long as they rcfpectivcly lhall continue Houleholders within the faid new intended Parilh, and paying to the Poors’ Rates, lhall be the Veftrymen, for the Time being, of the laid new intended Pariffi, and lhall meet from Time to Time, upon public Notice to be openly read and publilhed in the laid Church, by Order of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor, or either of them, on the Lord’s Day next preceding, immediately after Divine Service,” lhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed j and that the laid feveral Acts, paffed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, and the Twenty-

fecond

48°GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 97.

fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enabled. That all Perfons qualified at the Time of the palling of this Act, to be Veftrymen, by reafon of having ferved all Offices, or of having paid Fines for being excufed from ferving all Offices in and for the hud Parifh, according to the Provifions of the faid recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, fhall remain and continue Veftrymen of the faid Parifh, and be entitled to act and vote as Veftrymen of the faid Parifh; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding: And fuch Perfons, together with the Rector of the faid Parifh, for the Time being, and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the laid Parifh, for the Time being, and all Perfons who may hereafter ferve either of the faid Offices of Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh, or who fliail hereafter pay the Fines impofed by this Act for refilling or neglecting to ferve the Offices of Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh, fo long as fuch Perfons lhall continue to be Houfeholders within the faid Parifh, and rated to the Relief of the Poor thereof; and all Perfons being Houfeholders inhabiting within the faid Parifh, rated to the Relief of the Poor in the faid Parifh, for the Houfcs and Premifes which they refpeftively inhabit and occupy, at not lefs than Thirty Pounds per Annum, fhall be the Veftrymen of the faid Parifh for the Time being; and fuch Veftrymen fhall have 2nd excrcife all fuch and the like Powers as have heretofore been exercifed and polTeffed by the Veftrymen of the faid Pariih, under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft, palled in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, and as may by Law be ufed and exercifed by the Veftrymen of any Parifh, except when and as by this Aft any particular Provifions are mide in relation to the Powers of the Veftrymen of the faid Pariih.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Not to afteft this Aft contained fhall extend to, or be deemed or conftrued to alter, 33 Geo. 3. any of the Provifions of an Aft pafled in the Thirty-third Year of the to certain Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An AH for the better lightings Perfons being cleanfing, watchings and regulating the Squares, Streetst Lanes, Alleyj, Veftrymen Pajages, and Places within the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the County un^™^63 of Middltfex, and for removing and preventing NuifanceSj Annoyances, Aft!*"* * and Encroachments within the fame: but that the Reftor, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor for the Time being, ana all

other Perfons who fhall have ferved or paid, or fhall hereafter ferve or pay Fines for being excufed from ferving all Offices in and for the faid Parifh, fhall remain and'be, and be deemed Veftrymen for the Purpofes cf the faid Aft, and Truftees for putting the fame into Execution as therein direfted, and fhall have the Power from Time to Time of eleft-ing and choofing their own Clerk or Clerks, as if this Aft had not pafled ; any Thing to the contrary in this Aft, or in the faid Aft contained, notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon quali- Prefent

fied at the Time of pafiing this Aft, to aft as a Veftrvman for the faid Veftrymen.

Parifh ind Ih0fc

1803

Veftrymen of the Parifh and their Qualifications.

1804.

who have fined for not fcrving Offices before this Aft, not compellable to ferve Pa-tifh Offices. Names of the Perfons lending Money and alfo of the Annuitants under 22 Geo. 3. to be entered in a Book.

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

Parifli, by Reafon of having ferved, or of having paid Fines to be excufed from fervingall Offices in or for the fsid Parilh, fhall be compellable to ferve any Office in or for the faid Pariffi, under this Aft.

V.	And whereas fundry Annuities, and alfo divers Sums of Money, are now payable and owing to divers Perfons for Monies lent and advanced under the Authorities of the faid recited Aft, pafled in the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeily, for the Pur-pofe of erefting the Workhoufe of the faid Parifh, and which are fecured upon the Hates by the faid laft mentioned Aft authorized to be raifed and levied within the faid Parifti, and it being expedient that fuch Annuities and Sums ftiould be payable out of, and chargeable upon the general Poor Rates or the faid Parifli, inltead of being paid out of, and chargeable upon diftinft Rates to be levied for that Purpofe: Be it therefore enafted. That the Guardians of the Poor, to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, fhall and they are hereby required to provide one or more Book or Books, in which fhall be fairly written in Words at length, the Names, proper Additions, and Places of Abode, as well of all fuch Perfons as are Creditors upon the Security of the Rates or AflefTments of the faid laft mentioned Aft, as alfo of all l'uch Perfons as are intitled to any Annuities as aforefaid, and alfo an Account of the Intcreft that fhall be paid to each Creditor or Annuitant from Time to Time, and by whom received, which Book or Books fhall be kept bv the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Guardians; and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid refpec-tive Creditors, their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns, Agent or Agents, from Time to Time, and at all feafbnable Times, to have re-courfe to and infpeftand to take Extraft or Extrafts from the faid Book or Books, without Fee or Reward.

All Convey-

cuted under the faid Aft of the 2zd Geo. 3. confirmed, and Annuities charged on the Poor’s Rates.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That at! Bonds, Mortgages, Affignments, Annuities, Grants, Conveyances, Leafes, and other Securities, made or granted to or by any Perfdo or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other Perfons whomfo-ever, acting by virtue of, or on the Credit, or under the Authority of the faid recited Act, made in the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fhall be as good, valid and effe&ual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the faid recited Aft, made in the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, htd not been repealed; and all Bonds, Mortgages, Affignments and Annuities, given or granted as a Security for any Monies lenc or advanced on the Credit of fuch Aft, fhall be charged, and they are hereby refpeftively charged upon rive Rates or Affefiments herein directed to be made for the Purpoles of this A£t; and the Perfon or Perfons, from Time to lime entitled to the fame refpeftively, (ball have, receive, and enjoy, and by virtue of this Aft be entitled to have, receive, and enjoy, all Intcreft due, and to orow due on fuch Bonds, Mortgages, and Affignments refpeftively (until the fame fhall be paid off and difeharged as herein after provided) and all Intereft due and to grow due on the faid refpeftive Annuities, out of the Rates and Affefiments herein direfted to be made, during the Term of the Natural Lives of the Perfons for whofe Lives fuch Annuities refpeftively were granted.

VII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful, as well for ever7 Perfon or Perfons now entitled to fuch Annuities, or to whom any Sums of Money are due on Account of any.Securities given to them by virtue of the laid laft mentioned A&, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to affign fuch Security, or fucli Annuity or Annuities, or any part thereof, or his, her, or their Intereft therein, to any Peifon or Perfons whomfoever, and fo toties quoties, and a Memorandum or Entry of all fuch Alignments and the Days the fame were brought to be fo entered, lhall be made in a Book hereby required to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Guardians; and the faid Entry fnall be made gratis, and lhall and may, at all feafonable Times, be infpeded by any Perfons interefted therein; but no fuch Alignment lhall be deemed good and effectual, until fuch Memorandum or Entry lhall be made as afore directed.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it fnall and may be lawful, to and for the faid Guardians of the Poor, whenever they lhall think meet, to pay off and difeharge all principal Sums of Money due and owing to any Perfons as aforefaid by virtue of the faid laft mentioned Act, out of the Rates to be raifed and levied by virtue of chis Act; and in the mean Time to pay the Intereft due and to become due on fuch principal Sums, and the Monies to become payable on the laid Annuities, out of the Rates to be raifed and levied under this Act, in the fame Manner as they are hereby authorifed to pay any Charges, Debts and Bxpences now incurred, or which they may incur under this Act, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parilh.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That the faid Parilh of Saint Luks% lhall, for the Purpoles of this Ad, be divided into Six Diftrids or Liberties, namely. Golden Lane Liberty, White Cro/s Street Liberty, Eafi Finjbury Liberty, Weft Finjbury Liberty, Old Street Liberty,, and the City Road Liberty, and that Golden Lane and White Cro/s Street Liberties fhall remain as at the Time of patting this Ad, and the Liberty of Finjbury fhall be divided into Eaft Finjbury Liberty and Weft Finjbury Liberty, as the fame is divided at the patting of this Ad, into Upper Finjbury Liberty, and Lower Finjbury Liberty, for the Purpofe of colleding the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parilh ; and ail that Part of the Liberty of Old Street, which is on the Weft Side of Ironmonger Row and Orchard Street, and from the Eaft End of Orchard Street, on the South Side of John's Row and Ratcliffe Layer, lhall be and remain,

, and be called Old Street Liberty, and the Remainder of die laid Liberty of Old Street lhall be and be called the City Road Liberty.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the Firft Meeting of the Veftry-rr.en of the faid Parilh, for the Purpofe of carrying into Execution the Providers of this Ad, fhall be held on the Second fue/day next alter the patting of this Ad, at the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon; and at I'uch Meeting (or at any Adjournment of fuch Meeting, in cafe the fame fhall be neceffary) the Majority of the Veilrymen fo affcmbled, (hall choofe a Vettry Clerk or Clerks, who fliall alfo be Clerk or Clerks to the Guardians of the Poor under this Ad, and lhall appoint and give to fuch Clerk or Clerks, and to all future Clerk or Clerks, and to all other Servants and Officers already appointed or whom they Ihatt from Time

[Lee. V Per.]	20	P	to

1805

Securities afiignable, and Annuities tray be tranf-ferred.

Principal Money borrowed may be paid off.

Parilh to be divided into Six Liberties, for the Pur-po^s of ttiis Aft.

Time of rhe FirllMeeting for the Election ofOffi.

Guardians of the Poor.

i8o6

4.80 GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

to Time appoint under and by virtue of this Aft, fuch Salary or Salaries, Fees, Rewards, Gratuities, and Allowances, as they from Time to Time fhall think proper; and which Salaries, Fees, Rewards, Gratuities, and Allowances, the Guardians of the Poor to be appointed under and by virtue nf this Aft, Ihall from Time to Time pay and difeharge without Deduftion or Delay ; and at fuch firft or adjourned Meeting, the Vcftry-men of the faid Parilh (hall alfo nominate and appoint Forty-eight fub-ftanrial and difereet Veftrymen, who Ihall be, and (hall be called “ The Guardians of the Poor” of the faid Parilh, for carrying into Execution the feveral Powers given and intruded to them by this Aft, until other Guardians (hall be appointed in their Room, as herein provided; and that all Afts, Matters, and Things to be done and executed by the faid Vcdrymen, in purfuance of this Aft, may be done and executed by the major Part of them who may be prefent at their feveral Meetings to be holden under and by virtue of this Aft.

The Church- XI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the Reftor and wardens and Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh, for the Overfeers to Time being, each and every of them Ihall be, and they are hereby de-ans UJ' tdared to be Guardians of the Poor, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft; and diall have full Power and Authority, together with the, feveral Guardians, to be from Time to Time nominated and appointed as herein mentioned, to aft as fuch to all Intents and Purpofes as if they had been eltfted and chofen by the Veftrymen of the faid Parilh, in Manner and Form preferibed by this Aft.

Annual	XII.	And	be	it	further	enacted,	That aVeftry (hall be held on t\\eTueJday

Vuilry on aftcr £ajier Day in each Year, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, for day "or “he* the Eleftion of Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, and fuch other Ekflion of Officers of the faid Parilh as annually go out of Office ; and alfo for the Officers and Eleftion of new Guardians of the Poor, in the Room of thofc who fhall Guardians of annU3||y gQ out of Office under the Proviftons of this Aft, and alfo for t e oor. t|je purpofe of filling up all Vacancies which have arifen in the Number of fuch Guardians of the Poor, by Reafon of Death, Infolvency, removing, and going to refide out of the Pariffi, Non-attendance, or want of Qualification by ceaftng to be Veftrymen under this Aft.

Guardians of XIII. And be it further enafted. That out of the faid Perfons fo firft the Poor firit e]tatd Guardians of the Poor as aforefaid, Sixteen fhall go out of Office out^ Office* on t^£ Tuesday after Ea/ler, in the Year One Thoufand Eight Hundred ; “ hucceffion. and Nine, and Sixteen others of the Perfons fo firft elefted as aforefaid, Ihall go out of Office on the Tue/day after Eajler, in the Year One Thou-fand Eight Hundred and Ten, and the Remainder of the Perfons fo firft elefted, Ihall remain and continue in Office until the Tuejday after Eajler, in the Year One Thoufand Eight Hundred and Eleven; and the Sixteen Guardians of the Poor who fhall have been abfent from the general Meetings of the Guardians of the Poor the greateft Number of Times, Ihall firft go out of Office in each of fuch Years, and if any Perfons fhall have been abfent an equal Number of Times, the going out of Office of fuch Perfons fhall be decided by Lot; and all Perfons chofen atluch annual Meetings as aforefaid, new Guardians of the Poor, in Lieu of thofe going out of Office, or to fupply Vacancies which fhall have arifen in the Courfe of the Year, fhall remain and continue in Office for Three

Years:

480'GEORGII III. Cap. 97.	1807

Tears: Provided always. That no Pcrfon going out of Office, as Guardian of the Poor, fhall be eligible to be elected for the Year next after his going out of Office.

XIV.	Provided always, Thu no Election of Officers ffial! rake Place Number neat any fuch annual Meeting, unlefs Twenty Veftrymen at leaft fhall at-

tend ; and if a fufficient Number of Perfons fhall not attend, or if the Meeting, and Election fhall not be made or finifhed, or completed, on the Day on onFaiiureof which fuch annual Meeting as aforefaid fhall be held, an adjourned Meet- annual Meet* ing fhall be held on each fucceeding Day, from Day to Day, at Ten of j^n’sE^'at the Clock in'the Forenoon, and every Election, Act, Muter, and Thing a(jjou’rne^ done at any fuch adjourned Meeting, fhall be as good, valid, and effec- Meetings, tual, as if done on the Day fo appointed for fucfi annual Meeting as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon, except the Rector, ^^auon Churchwardens, and Overleers of the Poor of the fa id Parilh, for the of chlTpoo"* Time being, fhall be qualified to act as a Guardian of the Poor in the Execution of this Act, unlefs he fhall, at the Time of fuch Election and

acting, be a Veftryman of the faid Parifh; and the Election of every Pcrfon who fhall not be a Veftryman, as aforefaid, fhall be null and void, and every Guardian of the Poor who fhall not have attended Three Meetings of the Guardians of the Poor at the leaft within the Year, ending on the Tuejday after Edjler in each Year, fhall forfeit his Office, and become difqualified to aft in the fucceeding Year, and another Perfon fhall be elefted at the Annual Vcftry, in his Place and Stead, befides the Perfons who fhall be elefted to ftipply the Places of thofe Perfons who fhall, every Year, in Rotation, ceafe to be the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parifh, as herein before provided.

XVI.	Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Perfon perfons

appointed a Guardian of the Poor under this Aft, fhall have any Share or pacicaced Intereft: in any Contraft, or be appointed to, or enjoy any beneficial from being Employment under or by virtue of this Aft, or lhall become a Bank-	°*

rupt, every fuch Perfon fhall, during his or their Continuance in fuch Employment, or the Term of fuch Contraft, or until he fhall obtain his Certificate under the faid Commiffion of Bankrupt, be difabled and difqualified from afting as a Guardian of the Poor under this Aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Church.

Act contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to remove or difmifs wardens, from Office any Governor of the Poor, or any Churchwarden, Over- Overfeers, feer of the Poor, or Treafurer, or Colleftor, or other Officer appointed ^moveVun* and afting in the faid Parilh, before the palling of this Aft, buc all and til others every fuch Governor of the Poor, Churchwarden, Overfeer, Treafurer, appointed. Collector, or other Officer, fhall continue in Office and difeharge the

Duties thereof, and fhall have ample Power and Authority to carry this Aft into Execution, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and (hall have and enjoy the fame Privileges and Immunities, and fhall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties until fome Guardians of the Poor, and fome other Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers, or other Officer refpeftively, fhall be nominated and appointed in his of their Stead or Place, by virtue of this Act, and as if he or they had

been

i8o8

Officers appointed by virtue of for. mer Aft to hold their Employments until removed by theGuardians under this Aft.

Meetings of Veftry, and Notices.

Veftrymen to appoint Churchwarden.'.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap.97..*

been nominated and appointed under this Act* any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Collector, Treafurer,

Mafter or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, and each and every Clerk, Agent, Beadle, and other Officer and Servant nominated and appointed before the paffing of this Acr, for the conducting or managing the Workhoufe of the faid Parifh, or any of the Affairs thereof, or relating thereto, fhall hold and enjoy their feveral and refpective Offices and Employments, together with the feveral and refpective Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances thereto annexed, until he or ff>e fhall be removed therefrom refpectively, by the Veftrymen of the faid Parifh, or by the Guardians of the Poor under this Act; and every fuch Collector, Treafurer, Maf-ter and Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, and every fuch Clerk, Agent, Beadle, and other Officer and Servant fhall be fubject to the like Pains and Penalties, and Power of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, asif he, The, or they had been nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all Veftry Meetings under this Act fhall be held in the Veftry of the Church, or in the Church of the faid Parifh, and no Meeting or Veftry fhall be held by the faid Veftrymen, or any of them, for the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers thereof (except the Firft Meeting herein-before directed, on the Second Tue/day next after the paffing of this Act, and the adjourned Meeting of fuch firft Meeting, and the adjourned Meetings of the Annual Meetings, herein-before directed,) unlefs public Notice, figned by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Five or more of the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parifh, or Nine or more Veftrymen of the'faid Parifh, fhall have been put up on the Doors of the Church, and on fome public Place in each Liberty of the faid Parifh, fpecifving the Purpofe of the Meeting, Two Days at the lead before fuch Meeting, and unlefs public Notice thereof, figned as aforefaid, fhall alfo be firft read in the Church of the faid Parifh, by the Parifh Clerk, or the Perfon acting from Time to Time as Parifh Clerk, or his Deputy, as well in the Forenoon as in the Afternoon, immediately after Morning and Evening Prayers on the Lord’s Day next before fuch Meeting, which Notice the laid Parifh Clerk is hereby enjoined to read', or caufe to be read, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Neglect, to be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed by this Act, Complaint being made thereof by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Three or more Guardians of the Poor or Veftrymen of the faid Parifh, to any Juftice or Juflices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Middlejex.

XX.	And be i: further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Veftrymen, and they are hereby required, at the Veftry herein-before directed to be held on the Second Tuesday next after the paffing of this Aft, or at any adjourned Meeting of fuch Veftry as aforefaid, to nominate and appoint Twofubftantial Parilhioners, (not being of the People commonly called Quakers,) to be Churchwardens of the faid Parifh and alfo Two fubftantial Parifhioners to be Sidefmen, to affift the faid Churchwardens in the Execution of their Office for the Year ending at

Eafter

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

Eajier One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and fo in like Manner annually on Tuefday next after Eafter-day in every fucceeding Year, for every enfuin? Year, and until others fhall be appointed in their Room; and in cafe of the D--ath of them, or cither of them, before the Expiration of their refpective Offices, another or others fhall be in like Manner nominated and appointed, within Fourteen Days next after the Death of fuch of them as may die, in the Room or Stead of him or them fo dying; and in cafe the Perfons fo nominated and appointed, fhall neglect or reftife to ferve in either of the laid Offices for Seven Days after Notice of fuch Nomination and Appointment fhall be given to, or left for him at his Dwelling Houfe, or laft ufual Place of Abode, under the Hand or Hands of the Veftry Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, then and in every fuch Cafe he fhall (upon Proof thereof by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, before any Two Juftices of the Peace afting for the faid County of Miadlefex (which Oath or Oaths they the faid Juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter,) forfeit and pay for fuch Refufal or Negleft, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be paid to the Treafurcr of the Guardians of the Poor, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Two Juftices before whom the Proof of fuch Refufal or Ncglcft fhall have been made as aforefaid, which Warrant the faid Juftices are hereby empowered and required to make and iflue, and all Conftables and other Peace Officers are hereby required to execute every fuch Warrant accordingly, and with ali convenient fpeed to pay over all the Monies which fhall from Time be fo levied, into the Hands of the Treafurcr or Treafurers for the Time being, to be appointed in purfuance of this Aft, who fhall respectively account for and pay the fame in like Manner as he or they ought to apply, account for, and pay any Monies to be aflefled and railed for the Maintenance of the Poor, which may come into his or their Hands by virtue of this Aft.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Veftrymen affcmbled on the faid fecond Tuejday next after the paffing of this Aft, to make a Lift in Writing of Two Perfons, being fubftantiai Houfeholders, from each of the Six Liberties of the Did Parifh, whom fuch Veftrymen fhall think fit and qualified to be nominated and appointed Overfeers of the Poor of the Did PariCh for the Year ending at Eajier One Thoufand Eight Hundred and Nine ; and fo in like Manner annually, on ‘Tuejday after Eajier Day, in every fucceeding Year, for every enfuing Year; which Lift lhall be fairly entered in the Minute Books of the Proceedings of the faid Veftrymen, and a true Copy cr Copies thereof, attefted under the Hand or Hands of the Veftry Clerk or Clerks of the faid Parifh, or one of them, fhall be delivered within Two Days to any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Middlejex, then afting in or near to the Did Parifh, who fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, thereupon forthwith, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint any One of the Two Perfons felefted from each Liberty, whom they fhall think proper, of the Perfons named in fuch Copy or Copies of the faid Lift, to be Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh for the Year then next enfuing, and until new Overfeers fhall in like Manner be nominated and appointed to fucceed them; which Perfons, when fo nominated, and appointed,

[Lot. ft? Per.]	20 Q	and

1809

Appointment of Overfeers,

i8io	48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

and having Notice thereof, under the Hand or Hands of the Yeftry Clerk or Clerks of the faid Pariffi, or One of them, (hall from thenceforth be and be deemed Overfcers of the Poor of the faid Parifhof Saint Luke-, and they and each of them the faid Overfeers fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid, (hall, and they are hereby feverally required to do, perform, and execute their rtfpe&ive Duty and Duties, Office and Offices, of Overfeer and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Pariffi accordingly; and the faid Overfeers (hall be, and they are hereby declared to be inverted with all and every the Powers and Authorities, and (hall have and enjoy the fame Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions, and (hall be fubjefl and liable to the fame Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (fave and except as may be herein excepted, and other wife provided) as Overfeers of the Poor, by the feveral Laws made, or to be made, touching or concerning the Relief, or Management or Employment of the Poor, or the Application of any Rates made for their Ufe and Maintenance, are or (hall be inverted with, and have and enjoy, and be fubjeft and liable to; and in cafe any fuch Overfeer (hall refufe or negled fo to do, by the Space of Seven Days next after his having Notice thereof in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Veftry Clerk or Clerks of the faid Pariffi, or One of them, given to or left for him at his Dwelling Houfe, or laft or ufual Place of Abode, then the other Perfon named in the faid Lift, for the fame Liberty, (hall in like Manner be nominated and appointed under the Hands and Seals of Two Juftices of the Peace, to be an Overfeer of the Poor of the faid Pariffi, inftead of him who (hill fo refufe or negled to aft: And in cafe both the faid Perfons nominated and appointed for all or any of the Liberties of the faid Pariffi, ffiall fo refufe or negle<5t to lerve, after Notice as aforefaid, that then the Veftry-men of the faid Pariffi ffiall make out a Lift of Two other Perfons from fuch Liberty, in the Room or Stead of the Perfons fo refurtng or neglecting, and deliver the fame within the Time before limited, to Two fuch Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, who (hail nominate and appoint One of them to be an Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor for the Year then enfuing, in Manner hereinbefore directed ; and that if any fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, fo nominated and appointed during the Year for v/hich hd or they ffiall be fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid, ffiall die or become Infolvent, or remove out of the faid Parifti, that then and in fuefi Cafes it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Veftrymen, at any intermediate ''Hme of the Year, and within Fourteen Days after fuch Death, Infolvency, or Removal, in like Manner to nominate and-appoinc other fit and proper Perfon or Perfons in his or their Stead, to be O/erfeer or Overfeers for the remaining Part of fuch Year, who (hall be nominated and appointed in like Manner as the Overfeers defied on Tuejday next after Eajler Day are hereby direfted to be nominated and appointed.

XXII.	And be it further enafled, That if any Perfon fo nominated and appointed an Overfeer of the Poor of the faid Pariffi in Manner aforefaid, (hall refufe or negledt to take upon hirnfelf that Office and Duty within the Space of Seven Days next after he ffiall have had fuch Notice of being 16 nominated and appointed as before direfled; then and in every fuch Cafe he ffiall, upon Proof thereof by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies, before any Two of luch Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, (which Oath or Oaths they the faid Juftices a re

hereby

And in cafe of fuch Neg-1 eft or Re-fufal to ferve to forfeit Twenty Pounds.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.	i8ir

hereby authorized to adminifter) forfeit and pay for fuoh Refufal or Neglect the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be paid to the Treafurer of the Guardians of the Poor, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Two Juftices before v hom the Proof of fuch Refufal or Negleft (hall have been made as aforefaid j which Warrant or Warrants the faid Juftices are hereby empowered and required to make and ififue j and all Conftables and other Peace Officers are hereby required to execute every fuch Warrant accordingly, and with all convenient Speed to pay over all the Monies ■which (hall from Time to Time be fo levied, into the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, to be appointed in pur-fuance of this Aft, who (hall refpeftively account for and pay the fame in like Manner as he or they ought to apply, account for, and pay any Monies to be affeffed and raifed for the Maintenance of the Poor which may come into his or their Hands by virtue of this Act.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no Perfon pcrfonsn<)t who (hall be nominated and appoinred, and (hall ferve the faid Offices to be ap-of Churchwarden, Sidefman, or Overfeer of the Poor of the faid Pariffi, pointed

or either of them, or (hall have paid the faid Fine and Forfeiture of Tenryears °f Twenty Pounds for refufing or ndgle&ing to ferve the fam^, (hall be nor app0in’t_ again appointed to ferve the fame Office in lefs than Ten Years after ed if Sixty, the End of fuch former Service, or after Payment of the faid Fine or ,hree Years Forfeiture j and that no Perfon within the faid Pariffi (hall be liable to °n£^e* °r ferve the faid Offices, or either of them, who is of the Age of Sixty-three Years or upwards, or prevented by any B©fhly or Corporal Infirmity; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwich-(landing.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled. That within Thirty Days after the ^cc0£nt to ■paffingoMhis Aft, a General M ting of the Veilrymen of the faid Pariffi thVstate of (hall be held, to confider the State of the faid Pariffi, which ffiall be then the Pariftu examined, and an Account taken of all Securities, Bonds, and Annuities, changeable upon the Rates of the faid Pariffi, uodej- and by virtue of the

fan! recced Aft, pafied in the Twenty-fecond Ycar.ofthe Reign of His pn fi nr Majefty or otherwife, and of all Sums of Money due by the faid P. riffi, aod of ail Claims and Demands upon the faid Pariffi, and of the Balance or Balances then in the Hands of the Churchwardtns and Overleers of the Poor, Treafurer, Collrftors, and other Perfons, on Ac-•count of the faid Pariffi, and of all Sums of Money due to the faid P«ri(l), and alfo of the Amount of Arrears of Rates impofed upon the laid Pariffi within Two Years laft pad, not collefted j and the Vefii »«>en at fuch Meeting, or dome adjourned Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, ffiall afcercain and fix the Sums neceffary to be raifed for the liquidation of the Debts of the faid Pariffi, and for the Payment of ail Annuities, and Imcreft of Bonds, and otner Securities, and alfo /or the Payment of any principal Monies due on fuch Securities or Bonds, by Inftalmencs, or otherwife, as may appear mod for the In-tereft and Ad vantage of the faid Pariffi, in order that the Sum to be raifed by the Rates,- under this Aft, may be proportioned to fuch Demands, and be adequate to the Payment of the current Expence of the (aid Pariffi’ in the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor for the enfuing Quarter’; and the Vtftrymen of the faid Pariffi, within Twenty-one Days after fo

ascertaining

Veftry to meet Four Times in each Year t fettle what will be required for Relief of Poor, dec.

and their Clerk or Clerks to furnilh Ac-

offift Veftry to afeertain Rate.

48* GEORG1I III. Cap. 97.

afeertaining the State of the Parifh, (hail make a juft and ^qua! Pound Rate upon all Houfes, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Property within the faid Parifh, liable to be rated to the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parifh, according to the Laws now in Force, or according to this Aft, in order to raife a Sum of Money in fuch Quarter fufficient for rhe Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and for the Payment 2nd Difcharge of all other Expfmces of the faid Parilh for the current Quarter, and for the Payment of any luch Debt or Debts due and owing by the faid Parifh, or fuch Proportions of any fuch Debts, or for any luch other Payment, as aforeiaid, as fhall be fettled and determined by the Vtftrymen afTembltd at fuch general or adjourned Meeting.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That the Veftrymen of the faid Parifh fhall. Four Times in every Year, on the Tue/day next after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year, meet together at the Veftry Room of the faid Parifh, of which Meetings Notice fhall be given on the preceding Lord’s Day, and put up on the Doors of the Church, and on fome Public Place in each Liberty, as herein before direfted, and they, or the major Part of them fo affembled, fhall upon fuch Examination of the Books and Accounts, and Receipts,j Expenditure, and Claims and Demands upon rhe faid Parifh, and Money due to the faid Parifh on any Rates not coi^fted, as to them fhall appear neceffary, then fettle and afeertain the refpeftive Sums of Money neceffary to be raifed, by a juft and equal Pound Rate, for the Relief, Maintenance, Lodging, and Employment of the Poor of the faid Parifh, and for1 the Payment of any intereli, or of any-Annuities chargeable on the Rates of the faid Parifh, or for the Repayment of any Principal Monies which fhall be due from the faid Parifh, and for the Difcharge of all other Expences of the faid Parifh, as to the Veftrymen, or the major Part of them fo a (fern bled, fhall feem reafohable, and fuffi-cient toanfvverthe Purpofcs aforefaid and of this Aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Guardians of the Poor, or their Treafurer, or the* Veftry Clerk of Clerks of the faid Parifh, being as before direfted Clerk or Clerks to the faid Guardians of the Poor for the Time being, fhall, and they are hereby required to deliver, under his and their Hand or Hands, at every fuch Meeting, to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the faid Parifh, for the Time being, for the Infpeftion of the Veftrymen of the'faid Parifh then affembled, a true and correft Account, in Writing, of all Monies which fhall have been received and paid by them refpeftively, or by any Overfeer or Over-feers, Officer or Officers, under their Order or Direftion, for the hft preceding Quarter, and for what Purpofes, and of the aftual Balance then remaining, if any, or Deficiency, if any, as the Cafe may be, and alfo of the Sum remaining to be collected upon any Rates thentofore made, in order that rhe true State of the faid Parifh may thereby appear, and that the faid Veftrymen, or the major Part of them fo affembled as aforefaid, may be enabled to afeertain what Sum or Sums of Money fhall be ne<-ceffiry to be raifed for the Purpofes aforefaid j and that they, or the Perfon or Perfons having the Care or Cuftody of the laft Rate Books, and fuch other Book or Books of General Orders and Proceedings, and of Ad-counts, as fhall hereafter be kept by the faid Guardians for the Time

being.

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.	*8i3

being?, for the Purpofcs of this Act, (hall produce the fame from Time to Time, at every fuch Meeting, and that in cafe any fuch Treafurer,

Clerk or Clerks, (hall rcfufe or w ilfully neglect to deliver fuch Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, and in cafe they or any of them, or any other Peifon or Perfons having the Care or Cuftody of any fuch Rate Books, or other Books, and Accounts, (hall refufe or wilfully omit to produce the fame refpe&ivtly, at fuch Meetings asaforefaid, or any of them, then and in fuch Cafe, every fuch Treafurer, Clerk, and other Perfon or Fcrfons (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record ac Wefminjler> by Adion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Protedion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Veftrymen fhall aflemble Rates to be and meet together at the Veftry Room, within the laid Parifti, within made. Twenty-eight Days next after the laid Sum or Sums of Money neceflary

xo be raifcd (hall have been fo afcertained as aforefaid, and the faid Veftrymen, or any Fifteen or more of them fo afTembled, fhall, and they are hereby required to make and fign a Rate or AfTcfiment, not exceeding the Amount of the Sums fo fettled and afcertained, after allowing for all reafonable and ufual Deficiencies in colleding the lame, which Race fhall be laid upon all and every Perfon and Perfons who do and fhall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe or other Building,

Tenement, or Hereditament, within the faid Parifh, for the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parifh, and which Rate (hall be laid according to the annual Rent or Value of all fuch Meftuages, Shops, Warehoufes; Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments refpe&ively.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if it (hall appear to the M?.y rectify Veftrymen affcmbled at any Veftry; or to the Guardians of the Poor of Omiflbns ia the faid Parilh at any Time, after making of any Rate or AftMTmenc to Rates-

be made under the Authority of this Act, that the Names of any Perfons liable to be included in fuch Rate or A(fe(fment,have been omitted .therein, it (hall be lawful for the faid Veftrymen, or any Seven of them, or for the faid Guardians of the Poor, or any Five or more of them, to add, or caul'e to be added to fuch R ue cr AflefTmenr, the Names of the Perfons fo omitted, together with the Sums for which they ought to be fo rated, and the Amount of fuch Rate or AficfTment in refpefl thereof, and every fuch Addition made to any of the faid Rates (hall be as valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been infcrted in the Rate at the Time the fame was firft made and figned.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled. That no Rate or Afiefiment fo to Rates tob. be made and figned in Manner aforefaid, for the Relief of the Poor of allc vcd by the faid Parifh, (hall be valid, unlefs allowed by Two of His Majefty’s Juices. Juftices of the Peace adling in and for the County of Middlefex\ and

Notice of the Time when, and the Perfons to whom, or the Public Police Office at which Application (hall be made for the Allowance of fuch Rates, and alfo Notice of fuch Allowance, (hall be given in the faid Pa> rifli Church on the Lord’s Day next before fuch Allowance (hall be Applied for, and on the Lord’s Day next after fuch Allowance (hall be ob-tLoc.	Per.]	20 R	tained,

1814

And being fo al’owed to be deemed Valid.

Veftrvmen negle&ing to make Affeff-

meet and7 make the

Old Rates to be deemed good, &c.

Clerk and Collectors to infpect Land Tax Afleff-Kier.ts.

4.8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 97.

taiftfcd, in. the fame Manner as is herein before direded for Notices of Meetings pf the Veftrymen of the faid Parifh.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Rate or AfTefTment fo made afid figned, and allowed by Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, after fuch Notice as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be good, valid, and effectual, and (hall and may be received, Colledcd, and levied in Manner hereinafter provided.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That if the faid Veftrymen of the faid Parifh fhall at any of the Times hereinbefore appointed refufe or negled to afiemble and meet together, or having fo met, (ball refufe or negled to afeertain fuch Sum or Sums of Money in Manner as aforefaid, or fhall refufe or negled, within Twenty-eight Days after fuch Meeting, to make fuch Rates or Afle Aments as aforefaid, or in cafe fuch Rates or Affcfiments fhall be deficient to anfwer the Pur-pofes of this Act, that then and in either of the faid Cafes, and as often as it fhall happen, it fhall be lawful for the faid Guardians of the Poor, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby required to meet together, in the Veftry Room of the faid Parifh (Notice of fuch Meeting being firft published in the fame Manner in which Notices of Veftries are hereinbefore directed to be given and publifhed) and then and there having afeerrained the Money neceflary to be raifed for the Purpofes before directed, the faid Guardians, or any Nine or more of them fhall make and fign a juft and equal Pound Rate or Affeffment, to be laid in Manner before direded, and which Rate or Rates, AfTefTment or AfleflVnents, fo ro be made, being figned by the faid Guardians of the Poor, or any Nine or more of them, and being allowed by Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, Notice of the Application for fuch Allows ance, and of fuch Allowance being given, in the Manner herein directed as to Rates made by the faid Veflrymen, fhall be deemed and taken to as good, valid, and effectual, and fhall and may be collected and levied in . like Manner as if the fame had been afeertained and made by the faid Veftrymen aflcmbled as aforefaid j any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXU. And be it further enacted. That each and every Rate and A fie ft me nt ordered and directed to be levied, afiefied, and collected by and under the Authority of the faid recited Acts, fhall and may be levied, afiefied, and collected by fuch Ways and Means, and under fuch Reftrictions and Regulations as any of the Rates and A fle Aments directed to be made in purl'uance of this Act are directed in and by this Act to be levied, afiefied, and collected, until new Rates are made, levied and afiefied by virtue of this Ad j any Thing herein contained co the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for any Clerk or Clerks to the Veftrymen of the faid Parifh, or any other Pcrfort or Pcrfons to be appointed by the faid Veftrymen or Guardians for that Purpofe, from Time to Time, at all convenient Times to infpect the Book or Books of Aficftments or Races of the Land Tax, or Afiefied Taxes, for the faid Parifh, for better afeertaining the Rates and AlTefT-ments to be raifed and levied by virtue of this Act and to take Copies thereof, if neceflary, at the Expence of the faid Veftrymen or Guardians

of

48°GEOR.GII III. Cap. 97-	i8i5

of, the Poor of the faid Parifli; and the Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, for the Time being, to the Commiflioners of the Land Tax, or of the Afiefled Taxes, a&ing from Time to Time for the Divifion wherein the faid Parifh is fituate, fhall, and are hereby directed and required to permit fuch Clerk or Clerks, Perfon or Perfons fo appointed, at all reafonable Times to infpeft the faid Books, and to take Extradts from them, or to make Copies of the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted. That until and unlefs Collectors Overfeers to (hall be appointed by virtue of this Adi, all Rates, Aflefiments, and

Sums of Money to be made or raifed under or by virtue of this Adi, lhall be collected and received by the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifli, for the Time being, for the Liberty in which they refpectively refide, in the fame Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor are now by Law directed to be collected and received; and in cafe any Overfeer or Overfeers (hall omit or neglect to collect and get in the faid Monies, or lhall not ufe his beft and utmoft Diligence in collecting and getting in the fame, or as much thereof as can be collected and gotten in within Thirty Days after the Delivery of the Book or Books containing fuch Rate or Affefiment to him or them, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the kid Guardians of the Poor to fummon fuch Over-feer or Overfeers before them, to (hew Caufe why he or they have not collected the laid Rate and Rates; and in cafe fuch Overfeer or Overfeers (hall not appear, or appearing (hall not (hew fufficient Caufe to the Satisfaction of the faid Guardians then aflembled at fuch Meeting, it lhall be lawful for the faid Guardians to fet and impofe a Fine on every fuch Overfeer, not exceeding Forty Shillings for the firft Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the fecond and every fubfequent Offence ; to be recovered, levied and applied in the fame Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied and applied.

XXXV.	And for the better and more effectually raifing and levying How Rates to the feveral Rates and Affeflments by this Act directed to be made, from be levied. Time to Time: Be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Landlord or Occupier, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Leflee or

Leffees, of any Land, Ground, Dwelling Houfe, Shop, Warehoufe,

Coach Houfe, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditaments within the faid Parifli, fhall refufe or negleCt to pay the Money rated and alfefled upon him, her, or them refpectively, by virtue of this Act, and a.11 Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it fhall be lawful for any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Middlejex, and he or they is and are hereby authorifed and directed, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, on Complaint made by the Churchwardens, Overfeers, or Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parifli, or any Three or more of them, to fummon all and every Perfon and Perlons who lhall have refufed or neglected as aforefaid, (upon Oath being made before fuch Juftice or Juftices, by the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor for the Time being, or by one of the Beadles of the faid Parilh, or by any Perfon appointed by the Guardians of the Poor to collect and receive fuch Rates and AfTcfTments, of his or their having attended upon, or at the Dwelling Houfe or kit or ufual Place of Abode, of all and every Perfon and Perfons thereby intended

to

1816

48" G E O R C11 ill. Cap. ^7.

to be fummoned,) or who are or fhall be liable to the Payment of the faid Rate or Rates, and having demanded the Rate or Rates, AfiTeflmenc or Aflfeflrnents, and of the Neglect or Refufal of fuch Perlon or Perfons fo pay the faid Rate or Rates, to appear before fuch Juftice or Juftices at a Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons; and it (ball be lawful for fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, or Beadles, or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, or for any of the Conftables, Htadboroughs, or Beadles of the faid Parifh, to ferve all and every fuch Summons and Summonfes tipon all and every Perfon and Perfons fo neglecting or refufing to pay as aforefaid, either by delivering the fame to the Perfon or Perfons thereby intended to be fummoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premifes for which the Rate or Rates, Afiefiment or AffefTments, mentioned in fuch Summons, fhall remain due and owing; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned, (ball refufe or negledt to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in fuch Summons; or if he, (he, or they fhall attend, and fhall not fhew good and fufficient Caufe to fuch Juftice or Juftices, that he, (lie, or they is or are not chargeable with fuch Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or Afteftments, then and in every filch Cafe, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall pay the Rate or Rates in refpccc of which fuch Summons was ifiued, and the reafonable Cofts and Charges of fuch Summons; and in all Cafes where fuch Rate or Rates, Afiefiment or Afteftments, or any of them (hall not be paid, upon the Return of fuch Summons it fhall be lawful for the Juftice or Juftices who fliall have directed fuch Summons and Summonfes to be ifiued as aforefaid, and he and they is or are hereby authorifed and required, upon Oath made before him or them, of the due Service of fuch Summons or Summonfes by the Perfon who fhall have ferved the fame, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, authorifing or directing the faid Overfeer or Overfeers, Beadle or Beadles, or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, or any Con* liable, Headborough, or Beadle of the faid Parifh, to collect or levy fuch Rate or Rates, Alfelfmcnc or AfieAments, and all Arrears thereof, and all the Cofts and Charges of the Summons, (if the fame fhall not have been paid before,) and the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of the faid Warrant, and of executing the fame, by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Pal ties fo neglecting or refufing, which fhall be found either within the faid Parifh or elfewhere; and if within Five Days next after any Diftrefs fhall be made, the faid Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or Affcffments, with all Arrears due thereon, fhall not be paid, together with afl the reafonable Charges of the faid Summons or Summonfes, Warrant or Warrants, and of making fuch Diftrefs, and keeping fuch Goods and Chattels, the faid Overfeer or Overfeers, or Perfon or Perfons appointed as aforefaid, Conftable or Conftables, Headborough or Headboroughs, Beadle or Beadles, fhall caufe the faid Goods to be appraifed by one or more Appraifcr or Appraifcrs, and to be fold, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as fhall be fufficient to pay the faid Rate or Rates, AfTeffment or Affeffments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the Cofts, Charges and Expences of the faid Summons, Warrant, Diftrefs, Removal, Of keeping Pofftffion of fuch Goods and Chattels fo diftrained; and the reafonable Cofts, Charges, and Expences of appraifing and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpedively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

And

4&°GE0RGII iir. Cap. 97‘	i8,7

XXXVI.	And be It further enacted, That every Warrant of Diftrefs ^™3°nftof for Non-payment of any Rate or AfTefTment, to be made by virtue of pil(rcfs this Aft, (hall be In the Words or to the Effcft following:

Middlefe.v, 1	‘	To	the Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, and Cot-

to wit. j ‘ leftors of the Poor Rate of the Parilh of Saint Luke,

*	in the County of Middlefex, and to all Conftables,

‘ Headboroughs, Beadles, and Peace Officers for the

•	fame Parilh :

* Whereas, the undermentioned Perfons, now or late Inhabitants,

*	Houfeholders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands,

« Houfes, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houfcs, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or

*	other Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part of fome Build-« ing or Tenement within the faid Parifh of Saint Luke, were and are « rated and afleffed, or liable to the Rate or Rates duly made for the

•	Relief of the Poor in the laid Parifh, under and by virtue of a certain

•	Act palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the « Third, intituled [Set forth the Title of the Aft;] And whereas the « faid Perfons have refufed or negleftcd to pay the feveral Sums of ‘ Money at and againft their Names hereinafter refpcftively fet down,

« for Money due from them, for or towards the Purpofes in the faid

*	Aft mentioned, and the faid feveral Sum and Sums are dill remaining

<	due, in Arrear, and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to

«	of	His	Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid

« County; and the faid feveral Perfons having been fummoned to ap-

*	pear before	to	anfwer the Prtmifes,

« as alfo appeareth to [me or us] the faidjuftice [or Juftices] upon « Oath, and they nor either of them having fhewn any fufficient Caufe « why filch Sum or Sums of Money fhould not be paid, thefe are, there-« fore, in His Majefiy’s Name to will and require you, or either of you,

« forthwith to levy the faid feveral Sums due from the faid Perfons, and « hereunder joined to or fet againft their Names refpeftively, by Diftrefs « and Sale of their refpective Goods and Chattels, (fuch Goods and

•	Chattels being kept for the Space of Five Days before the fame are

*	fold,) rendering to them refpectively the Overplus (if any), the rea-

<	fonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs, Sale, and Keeping, being firft de-

•	dufted; and if no fufficient Diftrefs can be had or taken, that then

•	you certify the fame to us, to the End fuch further Proceedings may

•	be had therein, as to the Law doth appertain; and I [or we] do here-« by ftrictly charge and command all and Angular the Conftables,

« Headboroughs, and other His Majefty's Peace Officers for the faid

*	County, to be aiding and affifting in all Things relating to the Prc-

‘ mifes: Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] this «	Day of	in	the	Year	of our Lord

• A. B.	-	-

• C. D.	-	-	-	-

•	E. F. the Landlord for divided Premifes

« G. H...............................

£• /• A

[Loc, (ft Per.]

20 S

XXXVII. Pro-

or monthly Lodgers.

iSiS	4S6 GEORGII III. Cap;$7.

may^emit XXXVII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That it fliall be Rates .on lawful for the faid Guardians, or any Five or more of them, and they ’ Account of	are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint or	Requeft of anv Perfon orJ

Poverty.	Perfons fubject to the Payment of any Rate	or Rates, Affcflmenr or

Aflcflments to be made by virtue of this A6t, who (hall think himfdfy herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the fame, to mitigate, reduce, or leffen the fame as they in their Dilcretion (hall think juft and reafonable ; and alfo to remit or excitfe the Payment thereof, on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, fo complaining or requefting the Remiflion or Re-' duction of fuch Rates or Affeflments.

vcryeiniates XXXVIII. And whereas divers Houles, Tenements, and Heredita-onfmall	ments, within the faid Parifli, are let at fmall	Rents, or to weekly or

Houfes let at monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or feparate A parr-fmali Rents, ments, or let ready furnilhed ; and the Collection of the Poor Rate from thlv^ ^ou^cs> Tenements or Hereditaments, is attended with much Difficulty, and has frequently been evaded, fo that much Lofs has on tha*t Account been fuftained by the faid Parifh; for Remedy whereof, Be it enacted. That where the yearly Rent or Value of any fuch Houfe, Tenement, or Hereditament, (hall not exceed Fifteen Pounds, or where the Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments (hall be let weekly, or tom nrhly Tenants, or at Rents which (hall become payable and to be collected at any (horter Periods than quarterly; it (hall be lawful for the faid Guardians of the Poor, or a try Five or more of them (if they (hall think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every or any fuch Houfe or Houfes, Tenement or Tenements, and Hereditaments in the faid Parifti, for Payment of the faid Rate or Rate£, Affeffment or Aflcflments to be made by virtue of this Act, at fuch reduced yearly Rental as the faid Guardians (hall think reafonable ; fo that fuch Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments be not rated at lefs than One Half, nor more than Four-Fifths, Parts of the Rack Rent at which the fame (hall then be let, or of the annual Value of the faid Premifes refpec-tively, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of fuch Houfes, Tenements or Hereditaments, as (hall not exceed the yearly Rent of Fifteen Pounds, and of fuch as (hall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or from whence the Rents fhall become due and be collected at any (horter Periods than quarterly, is and are hereby enabled to enter into fuch Com-pofition with the faid Guardians; and in cafe fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, (hall refufe or object to enter into fuch Compo-lition, fuch Landlord or Landlords, Owner and Owners (hall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Premifes, and (hall thereupon be rated and affcfled, and to and from Time to Time (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, the feveral Rates or Aflcflments charged upon the refpecdve Premifes by virtue of this Act, uncp the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor for the Time being, or to the Perfons appointed by the faid Guardians to collect the faid Rates, and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collect the fame; and upon Non-payment thereof to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the refpecdve Premifes aforefaid, wherefoever they (hall be found; or of the Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the fame rcfpe&ively, in like Manner as •arty Rate or A-flcffmenc may be raifed, levied, and collected by virtue

of

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 97.	.	*8i0

this A&: Provided always, That no fuch Landlord., or Owner fhall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent, referved or made payable to him, for or on account of fuch Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay the feveral Rates or AfTeffments heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier; and where any Houfe, Tenement or Hereditament fhall be let out in Lodgings, or l'cparate Apartments, or ready fur milled, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all fuch Prcmifes, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Occupiers thereof, and fhall be rated-to* and pay the Rates or AfTcfTments, in refpecc of all fuch Houfes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Parifli.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded. That the Goods and Chattels of each and every Perfon renting and occupying any feparate Part or Apartment of or in any Houfe or Building, and the Goods and Chattels be repaid by in every Houfe and Building let ready furnifhed, (though not affefTcd Landlords to under or by virtue of this Act, or under any Act made for the Relief of Tenants, the Poor of the faid Parifh) fhall after fuch Summons as is herein before diredled to be given, be liable to be detrained and fold, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Middiejex, (which Warrant every Juflice of the Peace is hereby dire&ed to ilTuc) for Payment of the faid Rates or AfTeffments which accrued or became due during the Term of his, her, or their Occupancy only, and all reafonable Colts and Charges and Expences attending thereupon; but no fuch Occupier or Occupiers fhall at any Time be required to pay, or be fubjedt or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Difcharge of the faid Rates or AfTeffments, or any of them, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by fuch Occupier or Occupiers, to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premifes fo occupied by him, her, or them j and that each and every Perfon who fhall pay any fuch Rates or AfTeffments as ought to have been paid by his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whofe Goods or Chattels the fame fhall be levied, in purfuance of this A<ff> fhall and may dedudt the fame from and out of the Rent due and payable, or to become due and payable to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, fo letting out the fame, unlefs there fhall be fome Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant, and the Receipt and Receipts for fuch Payments fhall be a fufficient Difcharge to every fuch Perfon for fo much Money as he, fhe, or they fhall have fo paid, or which lhall have been fo levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, in purfuance of this Act, and fhall be allowed by fuch Landlord or Landlords of fuch Houfes or Buildings, in Part or full Payment, as the Cafe may be, for the Rent due or to become due to him, her, or them, from fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforelaid: Provided always. That no luch Tenant or Occupier of any Part or feparate Apartments, of or in any Houfe or Buildings, fhall by the Payment of fuch Rate or Affcffment in Manner aforelaid, be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the faid Parifh by luch Payment, but that the Landlord or Owner fhall be deemed and conftrued to all Intents and Purpofes to have paid the fame i any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL. Pro.

*820

Agreements between Landlords and Tenants not to be impeached.

Premifes to

remain

charged.

Rates to be demanded before Quarter Day.

Recovery of Rates from Perfons re-moving.

48° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 97.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall be conftrued, deemed, or taken to impeach, alter, or make void any Agreement made between Landlord and Tenant in any Leafe now granted, or hereafter to be granted, purfuant to any Contract or Agreement now exiftingj any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That in Default or Failure of Payment of any Rate of Rates, AficlTVrient or Afiefiments which (hall be at any Time made under and by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Aft, or of the Arrears now due and owing to the faid Parifh, of any Rates or Afiefiments heretofore made, or which (hall hereafter remain due or unpaid, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, the fame (hall be and remain a Charge upon the Premifes, in refpeft whereof the fame (hall be fo rated or afiefled, and (hall and may, after Seven Days Notice under the Hands of Three or more Guardians of the Poor for the Time being left upon the Premifes, be fued for and recovered of and from fuch Owner or Owners, Leafeholder or Leafeholders, or Landlord or Landlords rtfpec-lively, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminfter, or in any Court of Requells within the Jurifdiction of which any fuch Landlord or Leafeholder, or Owner, (hall refide refpectively, to be commenced and profecuted in the Name of the Veftry Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, in which Action no Protection, ElToign, or .Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed i and if the Plaintiff (hall recover in any fuch Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, he (hall have full Colts, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That in order to avoid theLofs which frequently happens by Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, quitting and removing from the fame before the Quarter-Day on which the Rates or Afiefiments charged by virtue of this Act on the faid Houfes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (hall become due and payable, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Overfeer or Overfters of the Poor, or the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, to demand and receive Twenty-one Days before every fuch Quarter-Day, or at any other fubfequent Time, the refpecrive Rates and Afiefiments which would be due and payable on fuch Quarter-Day, and in cafe of Non-payment thereof, to enforce the Payment of fuch Rates and Afiefiments in the fame Manner, and with the fame Powers, as in the Cafe of the Non-payment of fuch Rates and Afiefiments upon or after the Quarter-Day on which the fame would have become due and payable.

XLIII. And whereas it may happen. That many Perfons liable to, and who may be rated and afiefled for the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parifh, may before the Payment of the Sum which may be rated on them refpectively, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling-Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, Coachhoufes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the faid Parifh : Be it therefore further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have been fo rated and afiefled, (hall quit his, her, or their Lands,

Grounds,

48® GEORGII III. GjM7.	1821

Grounds, Houfes, Shops, Warehoufes, Coachhoufes, Stables, Cellars,

Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before he, (he, or they jfhall have paid fuch Rate or Rates, AiTeflment or AflefluueDts, and (hall afterwards refufe to pay the fame when demanded by the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh, or other Perfons authorized and appointed to receive the fame, as herein mentioned j then, and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, or fuch Perfon or Perfons, or any One of them, (Oath being made by him or them, that he or thev hath or have Caufe to fufpect that fuch Perfon or Perfons hath or have removed his, her, or their Goods and Chattels,) by ■Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Mid'• dkJeXy (which Warrant fuch Juftice or Juftices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant) and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have removed into any other County, City or Place, fuch Warrant being firft backed and counterfigned by fome Magiftrate of the County, City, or Liberty, to which fuch Perfons fhall have removed (which Warrant every fuch Magiftrate is hereby required to back or counterfign) to diftrain the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon or Peifons fo refufing or neglecting to pay the faid Rates or Aflefiments, or any of them, in any County, City, or Place to which fuch Perfons (ball have removed, in the fame Manner as if the fame had continued in the faid Pari(h of Saint Luke, and to fell the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), after having deducted the reafonable Cofts, Charges, and Expences attending fuch Warrant, Proceedings, Did refs and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels refpectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Per- Forappor. fons, now or hereafter renting or occupying any Houfe, Building or tioning Tenement, Ground, or other Hereditament within the laid Parifh, fhall Rates* remove out of or from, or quit the Pofleffion of anv Houfe, Building,

Tenement, Ground or Hereditament within the faid Parifli, before any Rate or Afteffment charged thereon by virtue of this Aft, or made, or to be made for the Relief of the Poor, fhall be paid and difcharged j or if any Perfon (hall enter into the Occupation of any Houfe* Building,

Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, out of or from which any other Perfon (hall have fo removed, before fuch Rare or AlTeflVp.ent fhall have been paid and difcharged, or which at the Time of rating or aftcfling the fame fhall be empty or unoccupied, then and in every fuch Cafe the Perfon fo removing out of or from, or quitting the Poffcfiion of, and the Perfon entering into the Occupation of any fuch Houle, Buildintr,

Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, (hall be refpeftiVely liable to the Payment of every fuch Rate or AiTeffment, in Proportion to the Time that fuch Perfon or Perfons poffefied or occupied the fame refpeftively, in like Manner as if the Perfon fo removing or quitting as aforefatd, had remained in the Poffeflion and Occupation of fuch Houfe, Building,

Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, or the Perfon fo entering into the Occupation thereof, had been originally raced oraftefl'cd in fuch Rate or Aflelimcnr, uhich Proportion (in cafe of Difpuce) (hall be afeertained by any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of Middlejex.

[Loc,. £s? Per*]	20	T*

XLV. Pro.

tin

Houfe parity within and partly without the Limits of this Act, how to be rated.

jtates to be applied for Purpofes of this Act.

Goardians to

divide tbem-felves into Committees,

and eftablilh Rule for Attendance.

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 9?.

XL'P. Provided always, and be It further enafted, That if any Houfe or Premifcs, within the faid Parifh, or any Part of fuch Houfe or Premifes, fhall abut upon any Street or Place not within the Limits of the Lid Parifh, fuch Houles or Premifes fh ill be aflefTed to the Rates to be raifcd by virtue of this Ad, for a proportionable Part onlv of the Rent or Value thereof; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Veftrymen or Guardians of the Poor, or any Perfon orPerfons appointed by them, at form- Meeting to be hotden for that Purpofe, and they or he are or is hereby refpec-tively authorized and required to apportion and fettle at how much, and what Part of the Rent or Value of fuch Houfe and Premifes, Hie fame fhall be aflefTed ; and if any Perfon or Perfons occupying fuch Houfe or Premifes, fhall be difTatisfied therewith, he, fhe, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sdlions within the Time and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, and the Determination of the Quarter Scfiions therein fhall be final and conclufive.

XLVJ. And be it further enacted, That all thr Monies to be raifed by the Rates or Afli-fiments in Manner as aforefaid, fhall be ifiucd, r>aid, and applied in difeharging the Debts due and owing by the laid Parifh, in the maintaining and relieving the Poor of the faid Parifh, and m mcain-ingand fupporting the Workhoufe of the faid P-rifh, and in the Pavmrnt of any Annuities, or Intereft of Monies borrowed by the faid Pariih for the building or fitting up the Workhoufe of the Lid Parifh, or in repaying the principal M >nies fo borrowed by InfUlments or otherwife, or in building any Additions to the faid Workhoufe, or repairing, or upholding, or furnifhing the fame, and in rhe Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time ordered to be paid by rhe Veftry of the faid Parifh, and for any other Ufes and Purpofes neceffary for carrying this Aft into complete Execution, and in fuch Manner as the Guardians of the Poor fhall, from Time to Time, at any of thrir weekly or monthly Meetings herein dire&ed, order, direft, and appoinc; and in cafe the Money aflefTed or colle&ed in any one Quarter, or any one Year, by Virtue of this Aft, fhall not be fufficient to anlwcr the refpe&ive Purpofes for which the fame was fo rated or aflefTed, fuch Deficiency lhall be fupplied out of the Rates or AfTefTments of the next enlmng Quarter or enfuing Year; and in cafe there fhall remain at the End of any one Quarter, or Year, any Surplus of the refpe&ive Rates, after the Payments hereinbefore directed, fuch Surplus lhall, from Time to Time, as the fame fhall happen to arife, be applied in Aid of the lucceeding Quarter's and fucceeding Year’s Expence in putting in Execution the Purpoles of this Ad.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Guardians of the Poor, or any Nine or more of them, at their firft Meeting after their Appointment in every Year, which Meeting the faid Veftrymen are hereby directed and required to direct and appoint, fhall divide themfclves into Six diftinct Committees, each of the faid Committees to confift of Eight Guardians, cxclufive of the Churchwardens and Overfeers‘ofthe Poor"ror the Time being of the faid Parifh, who fiia.l be Members of each of fuch Committees ; and lhall then fix and eilabhih an annual Rule or Rotation for the Attendance of each of the faid Committees, and one of the faid Committees fhall meet on a certain Day, to be appointed by the faid Guardians, in every Week, and fhall attend weekly on that Day, for fo

long

48* GEORGII Hi. Cep. Q7r	lg23

long Time as fhall by the faid Rule or Rotation be fixed and eftablifhed ; and afterwards the next Committee on fuch Rule or Rotation fhall attend weekly on that Day, in like Manner, until fuch annual Rule or Rotation fhall be perfect and complete; and fuch Committee f> appointed, fhall at fuch their Meetings carry this Act into Execution ; and general Meetings of the faid Guardians fhall alfo be held once in every Calendar Month.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Clerk or Clerks to the clerk to faid Guardians (hall, Two Days previous to every fuch weekly Meeting, fummon give or leave written or printed Notice to or for every Guardian, being a Member of fuch Committee, whofe Turn it fhall or may be to attend wrnmi * according to the Rotation fo fixed and eftablifhed, fuch Notice exprefling that fuch Guardian is appointed to attend at fuch weekly Meeting, and in cafe any fuch Guardian fhall neglect to attend Two fucceflive Meetings, without giving fufficient Reafon for fuch Non-attendance to the Guardians aflembled at the next monthly Meeting, he fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered as other Penalties and Forfeitures directed and impofed by this Act.	*

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all or any ofthe faid Guar- All the dians may, if they think fir, attend any fuch weekly Meetings fo to be appointed as aforefaid, and may act, proceed, and voce at any fuch Meet- weekly Com-, ing, in fuch Manner as if he or they were on a Committee then attending mittees. in Rotation.

L. And be it further enacted. That no bufinefs tranfacted, or any No Bufinefs Orders made, by the Guardians of the Poor, at any weekly Meeting fhall valid unlefs be good, valid, or effectual, unlefs Three or more Guardians be prefent at Three be the Meeting at which fuch Bufinefs fhall be tranfacted or Order made;	at	a

and it fhall be lawful for any Three or more of the Guardians of the Poor Meeting, under this Act, aflembled at any weekly Meeting of the Guardians of the Poor, to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, or make ary Order, which by this Act may be done or made by the Guardians of the Poor, fave and except in fuch Cafes in which any greater Number, is required and foe-cified by this Act to be necefiary to do fuch Acr, Matter, or Thing, or make any fuch Order.

LI. Provided always. That no Bufinefs tranfacted at the faid monthly No Bufinefs Meetings, nor any Order made by them at fuch monthly or at any genera! unle,« Meeting of the faid Guardians of the Poor, fhall be good, valid, or dians ^e^re effectual, unlefs Nine at leaf! of the Guardians of the Poor fhall be pre- fent at a get" fent at fuch monthly or general Meeting, and unlefs the fame fhall be feral Meet-confirmed at the next monthly or general Meeting, except in fuch Cafes in8» as from the Exigency of the Occafion it may be neceflary to act upon fuch Order previous to fuch Confirmation.

LII. And be it further enacted. That in cafe Nine Guardians of the In cafe of Poor of the faid Parifh fhall not attend at any fuch monthly or general Non-attend-Meeting, or in cafe Three Guardians of the Poor fhall not attend at ance S!-erk any fuch weekly Committee, within Thirty Minutes after the Time the^Mesting appointed for fuch Meetings refpectively, it fhall and ,m3y be lawful to

and

1824

For appoint ing a Tie*, farcr.

'Treafurer to giveSecurity.

For appointing Officers,

48* GEORGII III. Cap, $7.

and for the Clerk or Clerks to fuch Guardians of the Poor, to adjourn fuch monthly or weekly Meeting or Committee, to any Day within Two Days after fuch Meeting was appointed to be, or ought to have been held, and forthwith to give Notice of fuch Adjournment "to every Member of fuch Committee, or to every Guardian, as the Cafe may happen to be.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the faid Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, prefent at a monthly or general Meeting, (hall and may, from Time to Time, appoint One or more Treafurer or Treafurers for receiving all the Monies to be raifed and collected in purfuance and for thefeveral Purpofes of this Act; and from Time to Time, as they (hall think necefiary, fhall and may remove fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, and appoint fuch other Perfon or Perfons in his or their Stead, as they the faid Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, prefent at a monthly or general Meeting, fhall think proper; and fuch Treafurer and Treafurers is and 2re hereby directed to keep diftinct Accounts of the Monies by him or them received and paid for the different Purpofes of this Act; and from Time to Time to pay and difcharge all fuch Sums of Money as the faid Guardians, or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting held by virtue of this Act, fhall draw upon him for, or order him to pay, and to account once in each Quarter of the Year, and at any other Time, if thereunto required by the faid Guardians, or any Three or more of them, for all the Monies by him or them received and paid, purluant to the Directions of this Act; and to pay all fuch Monies as upon the Balance of the faid Accounts refpectively fhall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the fdd Guardians, or any Nine or more of them fhall, by Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the fame, to be applied to and for the feveral Ufcs and Purpofes for which the fame was collected, raifed, received, or Itvied; and in Default of rendering and making fuch Account and Payment as aforefaid, fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fhall, upon Conviction, be liable to fuch Penalties and Punifhments, as are by this Act impofed, or directed to be impofed on Ovcrfeers of the Poor and other Officers neglecting or refufing to account at the Times and in the Manner directed by this Aft.

L1V. And be it further enacted, That the faid Guardians fhall and are hereby required to take fuch good and lufficient Security from fuch Treafurer or Treafurers, as they the faid Guardians, or any Nine or more of them prefent at a general or monthly Meeting, fhall approve.

LV, And be it further enacted, That the faid Guardians of the Poor, or any Nine or more of them, may, at their firft, or any fubfequcnt Meeting, appoint Six or more Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or A (Te Aments, Beadle or Beadles, and fuch other Officer or Offi* cers for the Execution of this Act (the Cl' rk or Clerks to the Veftrymen of the faid Patifh being always for the Time being Clerk or Clerks to the faid Guardians of the Poor of the laid Parifh) as the faid Guardians of the Poor fhall think proper; and from Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and appoint others, as they fhall find it neceffary or convenient ; and by and out, of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay fuch Salaries, Qra-

tuicies

i325

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

tuitits, and Allowances to fuch Collectors, Officers, and all 9; her Perfons by them the faid Guardians of the Poor employed in the Execution of this Act, as they lhall think reasonable; and the faid Guardians may take fuch Security for the due Execution of the refpective Offices, by fuch Perfon and Perfons as aforcfaid., as the faid Guardians (hall think proper; and fuch Perfon or Perfons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the feveral Rates or Sums of Money hereby authorized to be raifed, lhall pay the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall, from Time to Time, be fo appointed to collect and receive the fame, according to the true Meaning of this Act, if fuch Perfons (hall be fo appointed ; antj that all and every the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh, and all and every Collectors apd Receivers of the Rates or Aflcffments of the faid Parilh, by virtue of this Act, if fuch Perfons dial! be fo appointed, and each and every of them (hall weekly and every Week, and as often as ordered fo to do by the faid Guardians, or any Three or more of them, make up and render unto the faid Guardians, at their weekly, monthly, and general Meetings, full, true, perfect and diftinpt Accounts, in Writing, of all Monies from Week to Week, and from Time to Time fo collected and received by them, and each and every of them refpectively, by virtue of this Act; and that all other Officers and Perfons, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, lhall, under their Hands, and at fuch Time and Times, and in fuch Manner as the faid Guardians (hall direct, deliver to fttch'Guardiatis, or to fpeh Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, true and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things.copmitted to their Charge by yirtue of this Act; and alfo of all the Monies which (hall have been by fuch Officer or Officers, apd Perfon or PerCcms refpectively received by virtue and for the. Purpofes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburfed, and for what Purpofes, .together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for fucnPayments; and that the faid Overfeers of the Poor for the Time being, and every of them, and the faid Collectors aod Receivers of the laid Races and AdHTments, if fuch. Per-Cons be fo appointed, .(hall weekly and every Week pay to the TrealWr qf the faidjCipardians for the Time being, or to fuch .Perfon or Perfons. as the (aid Guardian lhall appoint, all bum and Surps.of Money by each of them refpectively collected tynd received during the preceding Week, pr oftener, if the.fud Guardians, or any Three .or more of .them, P.y’U fo cf-rect and/cquircj^and that al( other Officers and Ptjrfuns fo to be appointed as aforeUid; (hall from Time to Time .pay to the Treai'urer o£ the faid Guardians,..or to fuch Perfon or Pcrlops as the laid. Guardianp fhall appoint, ail Monie? which may be and,remain in their, or any qf their refpective Hands; aod rhtc they and every of them, and the faid Overfeers ofrheyPpor for the.Time being, nqd, the Collectors and Receivers, if apptjjflfpd.aspfpreiyicf for the Time being, and each arid every of them, if thereunto required by the faid 'Guardians, or any Three or more of them, (hah verity .the. Truth of ah Accounts and Statements fo .delivered, rendered, and made by .them from Time to Time refpectively, upon Oath, .and which Oath any juftice of dye Peace acting for the faid County, on the dRpquett of Three or more Guardians of the Poor of the laid Parilh for tfie Time being, or any Perfon empowered by them for that Purpofc, is Jiereby empowered to adminififr; and thatif any Over-feer of the, Poor, Collector, or Receiver, or other Officer or Perfon appointed as-a.farcfeid, IJiall not make and render, or (hail .refufe to verify iipon Oath, if thereto required as aforelaid, all and every fuch Statements Per.]	20	U	and

and compelling them to account.

48® GEORGII III. Cap. g7.

and Accounts, or to produce and deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to ihe fame, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or (hall not deliver to the (aid Guardians, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, within Three Days after being thereunto required by fuch Guardians, all Books, Papers,and Writings in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Ad, or (hall refufe or negled to pay fuch Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts, (hall appear to be in their fefpective Hands, to the faid Guardians, or as they (hall direct or appoint, then, and in either of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Guardians may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any Action or Actions againft the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, Collectors or Receivers, Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that (hall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpeccively j or if Complaint (had be made by the faid Guardians, or any Three or more of them, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe, of any fuch Refufal or Neglect as aforefaid, to any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein fuch Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, Collectors and Receivers, or other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fo neglecting or refufing, (hall be and refide, fuch Juftices may and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, Collector or Receiver, or other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fo refufing or neglecting, to be brought before them; and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way j and if, upon the Confeffion of the Party or Parties, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witnefies, upon Oath, it (hall appear to fuch Juftices, that any of the Monies that (hall have been collected or raifed by virtue of this Act, (hall be in the Hands of fuch Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, Collector or Receiver, or other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fuch Juftices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Money to bd levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, Collector or Receiver, or other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, refpectively j and if no Goods or Chattels of fuch Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor; Collector or Receiver, or other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons; can be found, fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of diftraining and felling the fame Goods and Chattels, then, and in either of the Cafes aforefaid, luch Juftices (hall commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, or Houfe of Correction, for the faid County of Middlefex, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he (hail give and make a true and perfect Accountand Payment as aforefaid, or until he (hall compound with the faid Guardians, and (hall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they (ball appoint, which Compo-fition the laid Guardians are hereby empowered to make, or until he fhall deliver up luch Books, Papers and Writings, as aforefaid, or give Satisfaction in Refpect thereof to the faid Guardians : Provided always. That no fuch Overfeer or O vet leers of the Poor, Collector or Receiver, or other Officer or Perfon fo committed lor want of fufficient Diftfeft, (hall be detained and kept in Prifon by virtue of fuch Warrant for any longer fpace of Time than Three Calendar Months,	vJ

LVI. And

48* GEORG 11 III.: Cafr.C) 7.	1-827

L.VI. And be it further enafted, Thatrif any Perfon who (hall be en> OHccrstak-ployed as a Clerk, Treafurer, Collector, or any other Officer or Servant „nr^e°^arj" who (hall be in any ways employed, by the (aid Veftrymen, or Guardians betides the of the Poor, in putting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof in Execu- Salary, tion, fhall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whadoever, other than fuch Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as fhall be appointed, ah* lowed and approved of by the faid Veftrymen or Guardians, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatfoever relative to putting rhis Act in Execution, or (had any ways be concerned or interefted in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the faid Guardians, for the Purpofes of putting this Act in Execution every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall be incapable of ever ferving or being employed under this Act, and fhall over and above forfeit the Sum ot Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perl'ons who (hall fue for the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of Plis Majefty’s Courts of Record ac JVeJlminJlery within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which faid Suit no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treafurer, Collec- officers act-tor, Clerk, and Agent, Mafter and Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, and all ing under the and every other Perfon and Perfons appointed by virtue of, or acting, reclted Acts or who have acted in Execution of the faid recited Acts, made in the Jq ^Guar-Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, King George the Second, dians under and in the Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or this Act. either of them, who fhall have in his, her, or their Cuftody or Power, any Monies collected by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the faid laft recited Acts, or either of them, fhall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, figned by any Five or more of the faid Guardians or Veftrymen of the faid Parifh, affemblcd at a general Meeting or Veftry, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their then or laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, within Seven Days after the Service of fuch Notice, deliver up to the faid Guardians or Veftrymen, or to any Perfon or Perions appointed by them for that Pur-pofe,atthe Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the faid laft recited Acts, or cither of them, and all the Books* Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the feveral Monies received or difburfed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto j and if any fuch Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Aoent> Mafter or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, or other Perfon, fhall refule°or wilfully neglect to make and render any fuch Accounr, or co produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforefaid, or fhall refute or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforelaid* all Books,

Papers, and W ritings, relating to the Execution of the faid laft recited Ads, or either of them, or to give Satisfadion to the faid Guardians or Veftrymen in refpeccof the fame, then and in everyTach Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of MiddleJtK, upon Complaint made co him by the faid Guardians or Veftry men, or by luch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint for that Purpofc 3nd he is hereby authorized and required to iffue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Agent, Mafter or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, or other Perfons fo refOfing or neglecting to

appear

*8a8

Guardians may make Bye Laws,

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 9 7.

appear before him, and upon his or her appearing, or having been fum-moned and not appearing, or not being to be found after due Endeavour ufed for that Purpofe, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way ; and if upon the Confeffion of the Party, or by the Teftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies that fnall have been collected or received by virtue of the faid lad recited Acts, or either of them, fhall be due from fuch Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Agent, M after or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe or other Perfons, fuch Juftice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be raifed by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Agent, Maftcr, Miftrefs, or other Perfons as aforefaid ; and if no Goods and Chattels of fuch Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Agent, Matter or Miftrefs of the Work* houfe, or other Perfon, C3n be found diffident to anfwer and facisfy the faid Money and the Charges of diftraining and idling fuch Goods and Chattels, or if it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that fuch Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Agent, Mafter or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, or other Perfon, Ihall have refufed or neglected to render and give fuchj Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papors, or Writings relating to the Execution of the: faid laft recited Acts, or.eicher of them had been in the Cuftody or Power of fuch Treafurer, Collector, Clerk, Agent, Mafter or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, or other Perfon, and he, (he, pr they ffiall have refufed or neglected to deliver up or give .Satisfaction refpe&ing the fame as aforefaid, then and in each and every fuch Cafe fuch Juftice fhall commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of the faid County, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or ffie Ihall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforefaid; or until he or fhe fhall have compounded with the laid Guardians or Veftrymen for the faid Money, and ihall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they fhall appoint, (which Compofitran the faid Guardians and Veftrymen are hereby refpectively empowered ro make and receive) and until he or fhe fhall deliver up all fpeh Bopks, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in refpect thereof to the faid Guardians of Veftrymen, or to the Perfons appointed by them refpec-tively to receive the fame: Provided always. That no Treafurer,:,Collector, Clerk, Agent, Mafter or Miftrefs of the Workhoufe, committed for want of fufficient Diftrefs, fhall be detained or kept in Prifon, by virtue of fuch Warrant, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

LVI1I. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Guardians, or the major Part of them prefent at any general Meeting to be holden in purfuance of this Act (the Number prefent not being lefs than Nine) from Time to Time to make fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any of their monthly or general Meetings, and the Manner of convening and holding fuch Meetings, and of enforcing the good Conduct and Behaviour of the feveral Officers and Servants employed by the faid Guardians in the Execution of t^isActj and for the better maintaining, governing, employing, managing and regulating the Poor of the -s'ris	faid

48° GEORGII III. Cap.97.

faid Pariffi, and for the Application of the feveral Monies that may be levied, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, to the Purpoles thereof; and likewife from Time to Time to vary, alter, amend, or repeal all or any of fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, and to fix and appoint fuch reafonable Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance of any fuch Bye Law, Rule, Order or Regulation, or of any Part thereof, as to them fhall feem right and proper, fo that no fuch Fine or Penalty ffiall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations when made, and all Alteram tions. Variations and Amendments thereof, (hall be printed, and (hall be affixed on the Doors of the Church of the faid Pariffi ; and all fuch Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, when fo made, printed and affixed, fhall be good and binding upon all Perfons concerned : Provided that the fame be not inconfiftcnt with, or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the Uuited Kingdom called England, nor inconftftent wich or repugnant to the ProviOons and Directions in this Act contained.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no fuch Bye Law, Rule, or Regulation, when fo made by the laid Guardians, (hall be varied, altered, amended, or repealed, fave and except at fome Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, of which Meeting, and of the Pur-pofe thereof, Seven Days Notice at the leaft, either written or printed, with the Name of the Clerk or Clerks to the Guardians annexed thereto, fhall be given to, or left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of each and every Guardian.

LX. And be it further enacted. That if any Three or more Guardians of the Poor, (hall on any Occafion think it necellary or expedient to call or convene a general Meeting of the faid Guardians of the Poor, or if the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the faid Parifb, or any Five or more Guardians of the Poor of the faid Pariffi, or any Nine or more of the faid Veftrymen, ffiall think it neceflary or expedient to call or convene a general Meeting of the Veftry, it ffiall and may be lawful for fuch Guardians of the Poor, or Churchwardens or Veftrymen refpeaively, to order the Veftry Clerk or Clerks to fummon fuch general Meeting of the Guardians or Veftrymen refpectively, to meet at the Time the faid Guardians, Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Veftrymen ffiall then require, by a Notice fpecifying the particular Occafion of fuch Requifition ; and of which Meeting of the Guardians, a written or printed Notice ffiall be given to each of the faid Guardians, or left for them at their laft or ufual Place of Abode Two Days at the Jeaft before the Time appointed for fuch Meeting, and of which general Meeting of the Veftry public Notice ffiall be given as hereinbefore directed.

LX1. And be it further enacted. That at each and every of the Meetings of the Veftrymen of the faid Pariffi, and of the faid Guardians ; and at each and every of the faid weekly Meetings of the Committee of the faid Guardians, any one Veftryman or Guardian prefent, who ffiall be then named by the Majority of the Guardians prefent at any fuch Meeting, ffiall prefide at every fuch Meeting, and take the Chair as Prefident or Chairman of fuch Meeting; and in cafe of an Equality of Voices on any Tranfaction, including the Voice of the Chairman or

[loc. & Per.]	20 X	Prefident,

1829

Bye Law not

ed without Notice.

Guardians ofr Veftrymen may call a general Meeting.

Chairman to be appointed.

1830

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

Prefident, fuch Chairman or Prefident fhall have another, or the calling Voice.

Directions to LXII. And for the better governing, maintaining, employing and re-attendthe10 8u^at’n8 P°or °f the faid Parilh, Be it further enacted, That the Workhoufe. Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh for the Time being, fhall and are hereby required to attend alternately at the Workhoufe of the faid Parilh, feparately, One on each Day in the Week, during the Time of their continuing in the faid Office of Overfeer, and to examine into the State of the Poor, and of their Complaints, and Provifions and Necef-faries, and which of them are or are not able to work; and alfo to examine all fuch Bills as {hall be delivered in for any Goods or Wares received at the faid Workhoufe, and check and compare the fame with the Mailer or Millrefs of the faid Workhoufe, before fuch Bills fhall be audited by the faid Guardians of the Poor j and each of the faid Over-feers fhall alfo examine and fee that the Poor, as well as the Mailer and Millrefs of the faid Workhoufe, do feverally conform to the Rules and Regulations which (hall be from Time to Time made by the faid Guardians of the Poor; and each of them (hall, at every Time of his Attendance as aforefaid, fign his Name in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe, and kept at the faid Workhoufe, and alfo the Day of the Month and Time of their attending at the faid Workhoufe, and in cafe any Complaint fhall be made, or Things fhall be found amifs, or fhall appear to any of the faid Overfeers to want Amendment, the Overfeer to whom the fame fhall be made or fhall fo appear, fhall enter the Particulars thereof in the faid Book fo to be figned as above mentioned, which faid Book the Mailer or Millrefs of the Workhoufe for the Time being, fhall from Time to Time lay, or caufe to be laid, before the faid Guardians of the Poor at each and every of their weekly Meetings for the Infpection and Direction of the faid Guardians of the Poor; and that in cafe any Overfeer or Overfeers fhall neglect or refufc to attend at the faid Workhoufe, or to fign the faid Book in Manner as aforefaid, or in cafe any Mailer or Millrefs of the faid Workhoufe fhall neglecc or refufe to lay, or caufe to be laid, the laid Book before the faid Trultees at their feveral weekly Meetings as aforefaid, every fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, and Mailer or Miftrels fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for his firll Neglect, or Twenty Shillings for his ftcond Neglect, and Two Pounds for every fubfequent Neglect during his Continuance in Office, to be paid co the Treafurer of the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parilh : Provided always, That no Overfeer directed by the faid Guardians of the Poor not to attend or prevented from attending by Sickneis, or any unavoidable Caufe, to be explained by him to the Satisfaction of the Guardians of the Poor, at their next monthly or general Meeting, or who ihall procure another Overfeer to attend for him, (ball not be liable to pay any Penalty for any fuch Non-attendance.

Guardian* to LXIII. And whereas it may happen, that by Cafualties, or fudden appoint an IUnefs, many poor Perfons within the laid Parilh may lland in need of «HeCve cafual immediate Relief, before Application can be made for the lame at the Poor.	weekly Meeting of the Committee of the Guardians of the Poor, to be

held in purl'uance of this A:t; for Remedy whereof Be it enacted. That it Ihall and may be lawful for the faid Guardians, or any Nine or

more

48fLGEORGTI III	*-83t

more of them, at any general Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, on fpecial Notice being given Seven Days at lead before luch Meeting, fpecifying the Caufe thereof, to nominate and appoint under their Hands,

One or more fit Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of relieving fuch cafual Poor, and he or they fhall thereupon be authorized, (in fuch Manner, for fo long Time, and by fuch Ways and Means as the faid Guardians, or any Nine or more of them, at any general Meeting fhall from Time to Time direct and appoint) to pay or caufe to be paid, upon Application made to him or them, (or upon his or their own Knowledge of the Fact and Ncceffity of the Cafe) unto every fuch Pcr-fon, any reafonable Sum or Sums of Money for his, her, or their Support, until the next weekly Committee of the Guardians fnaii oe held in purfuance of this Act; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, if fo appointed, and in cafe of their Non-appointment then all and every the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh who fhall have given fuch Relief, fhall at the next weekly Meeting as aforefaid, lay before lucH .Meeting, in Writing, the Name and Refidence, State and Circumftances, of each and every Perfon or Perfons fo relieved, and alfo a particular Account, Officer to ac-in Writing, of the Sum or Sums of Money that fhall have been fo ex- for pended in relieving each and every of fuch Perfons, and fhall verify * e°^eej the fame upon Oath, if thereunto required, before One or more Juftices Weekly Meet-of the Peace acting in and for the faid County, and which Oath every ings. fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, and the faid Guardians (hall and may then give fuch further Directions, for the Maintenance and Relief of every luch poor Perion, as to them fhall feem expedient ; any Law, Statute, or Ulage to the contrary notv.'ichftanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Notice to be Guardians, on any Appointment of fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid Siven. °fthe for the Purpofe of relieving fuch cafual Poor, to notify the fame in	fuch

Writing to the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh, and to direct officer to and order them, and each of them, to forbear giving any Relief to any Overfeers, poor Perfon, by or under any Authority derived from their and each of w‘th °rders their Office or Offices of Overfeers of the poor refpectively (except by r^v"01 any legal Order from anv of His Majefty’s Juftice or Juftices of the cafual Poor. Peace in and for the faid County) ; and if after fuch Notice given, they Money ex-or any cf them (hall, by any Account delivered into the Veftry of the per.dcd after faid Parilh, or to the faid Guardians, or otherwife make any Charge or fuch Orders Demand on the faid Pariffi for Money expended in the Relief of poor not .l? be Perfons, (except by any legal Order from any of His Majefty’s Juftice repai or Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid County) ic (hall and may be lawful for the faid Vcftrymen, and alfo for the laid Guardians to reject and refute to pay or allow every fuch Charge and Demand as illegal and of no Effect j any Law, Statute, or Ufagc to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the faid Guardians of the Guardians Poor may take the Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service of any may cake the fuch Poor, and apply the fame towards their Maintenance, by virtue of Benefit of this Act; or, the faid Guardians of the Poor, if they find it expe- ll‘e La^°ur diem, from Time to Time may, and they are hereby empowered, to ° th* °°r* contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing aft or any luch Poor, and providing

Materials

j8j2

Punifh

diforderly

Perfons.

Encouragement to the indullrious Poor.

For receiving

diftrefled

Children.

Security for Baftard Children.

Guardians may fue on Bonds given to former Officers, and may take Bonds in future in their

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97.

Materials to fet them to work, provided fuch Contract or Agreement be not made for a longer Time than until the firft general Meeting of the faid Guardians next after Eafter in every Year.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Poor Perfon, maintained in the Workhoufe of the faid Parifli, (hall embezzle or purloin any cf the Apparel provided for any of the Poor, or of the Goods or Provifions provided for or belonging to the faid Workhoufe, or any Materials for Work, or fliall refufe to work, or lhall be guilty of profane curfing or f.vearing, or otherwife mifbehave himfelf or herfelf, it fliall and may be lawful for the faid Guardians of the Poor to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, to be puniihed in fuch Workhoule, either by Confinement, or Diftinction in Drefs or Diet, as they may think will beft tend to remedy and prevent fuch Offences for the future.

LXVII. And to the end that all the Poor in the faid Workhoufe may be encouraged to apply themfelves with Diligence to the Labour or Talk in which they may be employed. Be it further enacted, That out of the Profits arifing from the Work which fliall be done by the Poor, fuch Rewards fhall be diftributed to the induflrious and fkilful, in Proportion to the Quality, Quantity, and Perfection of their Work, as to the faid Guardians fhall appear reafonable and expedient.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Guardians of the Poor, from Time to Time, to caufe fuch Child or Children as fliall be under the Age of fifteen Years, who (hall be found wandering or begging within the faid Parifli, to be taken up and fent to the faid Workhoufe, there to be kept, detained, and employed, until he or (he fliall have attained the Age of Fifteen Years j unlefs he or fhe fliall be bound Apprentice, or be removed to the Place of his or her legal Settlement j and alfo to caufe any Perfon who fliall be found wandering, begging, or milbehaving himfelf or herfelf within the faid Parifli, to be fent to the faid Workhoufe, there to be detained, kept, and employed for fo long a Time as the faid Guardians of the Poor fliall direct, or until he or fhe fliall be difeharged by due Courfe of Law j and in cafe of any Mifbehaviour of any fuch Perfon, the fame Methods of Puniftiment may be ufed with them, as the faid Guardians are hereby authorized to ufe with refpect to any other Perfon within the faid Workhoufe.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid Guardians of the Poor, prefent at any weekly or general Meeting, to take, accept, and receive any Bond or Security from any Perfon or Perfons for indemnifying the Parifli againft any Claim or Demand to be made by the faid Parifli for the Maintenance of any Baftard Child or Children refpectively.

LXX:	And be it further enacted, That all Bonds and Securities,

which have already been given to any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers, or other Officer or Officers of the faid Parifli, for indemnifying fuch Parifli from any Charge that may arife from Baftard Children, fliall, from and after the palling of this Act, be vefted in the faid Guardians, who fhall and may, and they are hereby

authorifed

own Names.

48° GEORGII HI. Cap.Qy.	1833

authorifed to Cue on fuch Bonds and Securities givi n heretofore or hereafter to be given, as aforefaid, for the Purpole of recovering the Penalties thereon in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being; any Law, Statute, or Cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

LXXI. And whereis diver's Perfons belonging to, and who ought Vagrants by the Laws now in force to be relieved by the faid Parilh of Saint a"<f Perfons Luke, are found wandering and begging in the faid Parilh, and com- "lea'sTe'tlSir mitring Acts of Vagrancy, and. mifbehaving themfelves by expofing Faiailies. in an indecent Manner their Perfons or Limbs: And whereas divers Perfons, by Reafon of their idle, and diforderly Living, do neglect or refufe to maintain, or do defert their Families, not being able to maintain themfelves; and if Power were given to apprehend fuch Perfons, and fend them to the Wotkhoufe of the faid Parilh, there to be dealt with in Manner herein mentioned, it might tend to enure them to a Habit of Induflry, and make them ufeful to the Public: Be it therefore enacted, That.the faid Guardians fhall, and they hereby have Power and Authority to receive and to order and compel all and every Perlon found wandering and begging in the faid Parilh, or committing Acts of Vagrancy, and alio all and every idle and diforderly Perfon or Perfons relufing to maintain, or deferring. their Families, not being able to maintain themfelves, and who lhall belong to, or ought by any Law now in Force to be relieved and provided for by the faid Parilh, to come into, work, dwell, and inhabit the faid Workhoufe, and to detain, keep, maintain, and employ all fuch refpective poor Perfons therein, fo long as it lhall not appear to the faid Guardians on the Part of any fuch poor Perfons, that any of them refpectively are of Ability, or can othetwile be fufficiently maintained and provided for. without the Aid and Provifion of the faid Guardians, and lhall have Power and Authority to employ, fet, and compel ail fuch Poor, who lhall be received or come into, dwell and be in the faid Workhoufe during fuch their Abode and Reftdence there, and whilft maintained by the faid Guardians, to do, execute, and perform fuch Work, Labour,

Bufmefs, and Employ as the faid Guardians at any of their weekly Meetings (hall think and judge fuch refpective Poor are and lhall be able and fit to do and, perform for the Ule of the faid Parilh; and to detain and keep all fuch Perfons found wandering and begging in the laid Parilh, and committing Afis of Vagrancy, and alio all luch idle and diforderly Perfons who (hall have fo deferred, threatened to leave, or neglefted, or refuled to maintain his or their- Families, and to fet each of them to work in fuch Workhoufe during fuch Time, and until every Perfon, by his or her Work or Labour there fhall have got and railed fo much Money, above their Maintenance, as fhall be fufficient to repay and reimburfe to the faid Guardians, the Charges and Expences they fhall have fuftained in the maintaining and providing for every fuch Perfon and his or her Family: and in cale fuch Perfon fhall nor, by his or her Work and Labour have gained fo much Money as fhall be fufficient to reimburfe the laid Guardians the Charges and Expences of having maintained him or her, or any cf his or her Family as aforefaid and fhall negledt or refufe to apply himfelf or herfelf to fuch reafon-[Loc, fc? Per,]	20 T	able

1834

Paupers to removed by Beadles in* Head of Overfeers.

Punilbment of Perfons for buying

Pawn any Cloaths, Si

48° GEORGII III. Cap.97;

able Work or Labour as (hall be given to him or her by tlie Mailer or Miftrefs of fuch Workhoufe, under the Directions aforefaid, then the faid Guardians at any of their weekly Meetings, fball have Power to detain and keep fuch Perfon within fuch Workhoufe to hard La-bour for the Space of Twenty-eight Days.

LXXII. And be it further enacted. That whenever any poor Perfon or Perfons, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, ihall be ordered or removed from the faid Parilh of Saint Luke to the Parilh or Place of his, her, or their legal Settlement, it Ihall be lawful for the faid Guardians if they Ihall think fit, to caufe fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be refpeftively removed, in the ufual Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by a Beadle, or fome Perfon or Perfons to be appointed by Three of the laid Guardians for that Purpofe, by Writing under their Hands; and every Over-feer and other proper Officer of the Parilh or Place to which fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, Ihall be ordered to be removed as aforefaid, is hereby required to receive every fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he or they would have been bound to do if fuch poor Perfon or Perfons, Vagrant or Vagrants, have been delivered to him, her, or them, by one of the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parilh of Saint Luke-, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXIII. And whereas many Perfons maintained and cloathed in the Workhoufe of the faid Parilh, pawn and difpofe of their Cloaths and Apparel, and the Goods and Chattels depofited in or belonging to the faid Workhoufe, and by the Laws now in being no Punilh-ment can be inflifted on them, or on the Perfon or Perfons buying or receiving the fame into pawn; Be it therefore further enadted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall knowingly buy, pawn, or receive into pawn, or feertte any of the Cloaths or Wearing Apparel of any of the Poor who are, or Ihall be received into and maintained in the Workhoufe of the faid Parilh, or any of the Goods or Materials carried into the faid Workhoufe to be wrought up, manufactured, or ufed by the Poor there, or any of the Goods and Furniture of the faid Workhoufe, or fhall receive or buy any of the Proviftons allotted to or provided for the Poor in the faid Workhoufe, or Ihall be aiding or affifling therein, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Conviftion, on Oath, before one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace afting in or for the faid County of Middlejtx-, which Penalty (hail be levied by Warrant under the Hand and seal, or Hands and Seals of the faid Jullice or Juftices, by Dif-tiels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders-, and one Moiety of fuch Penalty fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treafurer of the Guardians of the l oor of the faid Parilh, to be applied by him as the faid Guardians Ihall direS; in aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parilh ; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found whereon to make fuch Diftrefs, or if the faid Penalty fhall not be lortnwith paid, then, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or

Hands

48° GE ORGII III. Cap. §7.	1835

Hands and Seals, commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Corredtion for the (aid County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty, and all Expences, fliall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

LXXIV. And be it further enadled, That all and every the Meffuages Eftate and or Tenements, Poorhoufes, Workhoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, Monies and Securities for Monies, Rates, Affeffments, t‘he church-and Arrears of Rates and Afleffments, Goods, Chattels and Effects, wardens, &c. which by virtue of the faid recited Acts, or one of them, the Perfons ^ore^h'^ acting in	the Execution thereof, and their Succeffors, or any ocher	*

Perfon or	Perfons whomfoever, were entitled unto or poffeffed	of, in poor> ve!led

Trull for the Parilhioners or Veftrymen of the faid Parifh, or which intheGuar-were veiled in fuch Perfons and their Succeffors, or other Perfon or Per- °:ans*

Tons whomfoever, for and towards the Relief, Maintenance, Ufe and Benefit of the Poor of the faid Parifh, or for any other Purpofe whatfoever in which the faid Parifh is interefted, (hall, from and immediately after the palling thereof, be veiled in, poffeffed by, paid, delivered, and belong to	the Guardians of the Poor ailing in the Execution	of this

Adi, and	their Succeffors, as fully, effediually and beneficially,	and in

as large and ample a Manner and Form to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as they the faid Perfons, adling in Execution of the faid recited Adis, or any of them, and their Succeffors or ocher Perfon or Perfons, were entitled to or poffeffed of fuch Meffuages or Tenements,

Poorhoufes, Woikhoufes, Edifices, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments,

Monies and Securities for Monies, Rates, Affeffments, and Arrears of Rites and Affeffments, Goods, Chattels and Effedts, or as the fame refpcdlively were veiled in fuch Perfons, adling in Execution of the faid recited Ads, or any of them, and their Succeffors, or other Perfon or Pe,rfoos, but fubjecl neverthelefs to be ufed, poffeffed, applied and difpofed of, only upon the Trulls, and for the Ufes and Purpofes* and in the Manner by and in this Adi diredted, declared, and ap-* pointed.

LXXV. And be it further enadled, That the Property of all and Furniture, every the Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provifions, Cloaths, Linen and Apparel, &c; Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utenffls, Materials, and Things whatfoever, provided for had, and to be had, bought, procured, and provided for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Parifh, and for carrying into Execution the feverat Guardians. Purpoles of this Adi, fhall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parifh for the Time being, and their Succeffors, for the Purpofes of this Adi, who are hereby empowered to bring, or caufe to be brought any Adlion or Adtions, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bills of Indictment againft any Perfon or Perfons who lhali fteal, take, or carry away or detain any or any Parc of fuch Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provifions, Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Utenfils, Materials, and Things whatfoever, the Property of which faid Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provifion, Cloaths,

Linen and Wearing Apparel, Tools, Ucenfils, Materials and Things, lhali be laid in every fuch Adlion and Indictment to be the Property of “ The Guardians of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Luke, in the “ County of Middle/exand without mentioning or fpecifying the Name or Names of all or any of the faid Guardians,

LXXVI. And

1836

Donations and other Monies to be paid to the Treafurer.

Power to compel the Churchwardens to account.

GEORGII III. Cap. 97.’

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Gifts, Donations, Benefactions, and Sums of Money whatfoever, now payable, or which lhall hereafter become payable, for and to the Ufe of the Poor of the laid Parilh, not being directed, or liable to be applied for the Support of any private or particular Poor or Charity, or by the refpective Donors, or otherwife, particularly appropriated, and not being Sacramental Money, (hall from Time of Time, from and after the Appointment of the faid Guardians to the Poor, be paid into the Hands of their Treafurer or Treafurers for the Time being, for the Ufe of the Poor of the laid Parilh to be applied in Aid of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof, unlefs the faid Guardians lhall think proper, from Time to Time, to appropriate and apply the fame, or lome Part thereof, to and in relieving or affifting any indigent, aged, or induftrious Parilh-ioners who have not become chargeable to the laid Parilh.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the Veftrymen or Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parilh, to meet in the Vel’try Room, or Parilh Church of the faid Parilh once in every Year, between the Firft Day of May, and the Thirteenth Day of Jum, or oftener if thereunto required, by Notice in Writing figned hy Nine ot the Veftrymen, or Five of the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parilh, and delivered to the Veftry Clerk,or Clerks of the faid Parilh, Notice of which Meeting (hall be given in the Manner hereinbefore directed for Notices of general Meetings of the Guardians of the Poor and of the Veftrymen rel'pectively to be given and publilhed, and the Publication of which Notice, the Faid Veftry Clerk or Clerks are hereby au-thorifed and empowered to diredt; at which Meetings the Perfon or Perfons having been or being Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the faid Parilh, for the pall or the current Year, (hall, and they and each of them are hereby required to deliver in to fuih Meeting, a juft and true Account or Accounts, in Writing, of all Monies which they, or either of them lhall have received or paid on Account of their faid Offices refpecrively, and every Department thereof, and lhall produce and lhew all the Vouchers of and for the Payments by them charged to be made, and (ball, if thereunto required, verify fuch Account upon Oath, before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, aiding in and for the faid County, in Manner hereinbefore provided, and which Oath any and every fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter: And if the faid Perfon or Perfons, having been or being Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the faid Pariih, for the pad or the current Year, or either of them, lhall refule or neglect to render fuch Account or Accounts, and to verify the fame as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon, for every fuch Negledt or Refufal (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Trealurer to the Guardians of the Poor of the laid Parilh for the Time being, to be applied in Aid of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, and the other Moiety to any Perfon or Perfons who lhall fue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJhninJter, by Aflion of Debt, or on the Caie, wherein no Efioign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed j and if upon the Examination of fuch Account it lhall appear that fuch Perfon or Perfons, having been the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the faid Parilh for the paft Year, have expended more than they have received, then it (hall and may be lawful for the Guar-' '	-	-	’'-djans

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 97*	i83

dians of the Poor of the faid Parifh, and they are hereby required, by and out of the Rates hereby direfted to be ra’tfed, to repay and reim-burfe to fuch Perfon or Perfons, all fuch Balances as (hall appear upon the taking	of	fuch Account,	to	be due and owing to him or them;

and if any	of	the Inhabitants	of	the faid Parifh, rated and affefTed to

the Relief	of	the Poor, (hall,	in	Writing, demand from any or either

of the faid	Perfons having been	Churchwardens for the paft Year, a

Copy or Copies of, or Extracts from fuch Accounts, the fame fhall be by fuch Perfon or Perfons delivered to him or them fo demanding the lame, within Fouiteen Days after the fame fhall be demanded, he or they paying One Shilling and Sixpence for every Three fdundred Words contained in fuch Copies, or Extrafts of fuch Accounts fo required and delivered, on the Delivery thereof; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall refufe to give fuch Inhabitant a true Copy or Extraft of and from fuch Account, in Manner before direfted, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every fuch Otfence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as is hereinbefore direfted for the Recovery and Application of the Penalties hereby im-pofed on any and every Perl'on having been or being Churchwardens of the faid Parifh, refufing or neglecting to render any Account as hereinbefore direcled.

LXXVIIl. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Workbook to and (or the Guardians of the Poor, at any general Meeting, to give Directions to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they may think proper, to pull P down, alter, and rebuild, and repair, or to caufe to be pulled down-/ altered and rebuilt, and repaired, the whole or any Part or Parts of the Workhoufe of the faid Parifh, for the better reeieving, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the faid Pariih therein.

LXXX1X. And be it further enabled. That the faid Guardians of Contra&s ' the Poor, at any of their general Meetings to be held in purfuance of in£o this Aft, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered ,to contraft or agree with any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for pulling down, rebuilding, altering, repairing, ftnifhing, or completing the faid Workhoufe ; and alio to purchafe or provide, either by Contraft or otherwife, from Time to Time, fuch Furniture, Goods, Chattels, Pro-vifions, Cloathing, Utenfils and Materials whatfoever, as they (hall think proper for the effcftual fetting to work, receiving, employing, maintaining, cloathing and providing for, in every refpect, the Poor of the laid Parifh, of what Age, Sex, or Condition l'oever they be, and lhall pay, or order the Payment of the Monies due, or to become due upon any fuch Contracts, Agreements, or Purchafes, to the Per-i'on or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, by and out of all or any Monies which fhall or may be paid to or be received by them, by virtue of this Act.

LXXX. Provided always, That previous to the Day appointed for Notice the meeting of the faid Guardians of the Poor for the making of any t0 be given Contracts, Ten Days Notice of fuch Meeting to make fuch Contracts, fhall be given in fome of the Public Newfpapers, exprefling the Na- Contra^ ture, Objects, and Conditions of each of fuch Contracts, in order that any Perfon or Perfons willing to undertake • the. fame, may make {Lee. & Per.]	ZO 7.	Propolats

•1*3*

No Contraft valid till con* firmed by a fubfequent Meeting.

All Con-tradU to be entered in Books.

Guardians and Veftry.

bear their own Ex-pences.

48° GEORG 11 IH. Cap. 97.

Propofals for ttiat Puvpofe, to be offered and prefented to the faid Guardians of the Poor, at the Time and Place mentioned in luch Notice.

LXXXI. Provided alfo, That no Contract or Agreement whatfoever, • made by the faid Guardians of the Poor, lhall be good, valid, binding, and effective, until the fame (hall be approved by, and confirmed attheir next or fubfequent Meeting, to be held in purfuance of this Act, and figned by the Chairman prefiding at fuch Meeting.

LXXX1I. And be it further enacted. That the faid Guardians of the Poor lhall caufe all Contracts, or Agreements, which lhall in any wile relate to the carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Act, and all Receipts and Payments, Debts and Credits, and every Matter or Thing relative thereto, and alfo Minutes of their Proceedings, to be fairly entered by their Clerk or Clerks in a Book or Books to be provided for thofe Purpofes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted. That at all Meetings to be held in purfuance of this Act, the Guardians of the Poor and Veflrymen preient at fuch Meetings, (hall pay and defray their own Expences, uniefs the Veftry of the faid Parifh lhall from Time to Time allow any Sum or Sums of Money to be expended out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Act at any of fuch Meetings, and that a Lift of all Sums of Money, the Expenditure whereof at fuch Meetings the Veftry lhall from Time to Time allow, (hall be figned by the Veftry Clerk or Clerks, and printed and kept affixed in fome public Part of the Veftry Room of the faid Parilh.

Clerk to de- LXXXIV. And be it further enacted. That it lhall be lawful for liver Copies all and every the Annuitants and Creditors of the faid Parilh, and all of Accounts 0[(jer Perfons rated to the Rates or Affeffments made in the faid Pa; after Demand. ,ur ^ Rejjef 0f the Poor thereof, at all convenient Times to perufe and infpect, and to make and take Extracts from all Rates or Rate Boo;:s, and all other Book or Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers, and Writings whatfoever, which have been or lhall be kept under any of the faid recited Acts, or under this preient Act, in Relation to the Affairs of the faid parilh in the Cuftody or Power of the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parilh for the Time being, without Fee or Reward; and that the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Guardians, within Fourteen Days ar.er Demand made thereof in Writing, figned by any one of the Perfons oe-fore mentioned, and delivered to, or left for him, at his ufual or laft Place of Abode, (hall make and deliver, or caufe to be made and delivered a Copy or Copies of all and every luch Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatfoever, or of any Parc or Parts thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame, he or they paying for the fame, on the Delivery thereof, at and afeer the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Three Hundred Words contained in luch Copy or Copies fo demanded and delivered as aforefaid: And in cafe any fuch Clerk lhall at any Time refufe or wilfully negledt to make and deliver, or caufe to be made and delivered fuch Copy or Copies of all and every fuch Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers, and Papers, and of every Part thereof refpeffivcly, to the Perfon or Perfons

demanding

48° GEORGfl I III. Cap. 97.	^9

demanding the fame, -within-Fourteen Days after Demand thereof as aforefaid, chert every fuch Cterfcfthall, for every 'Rich Refufal or Nt^tedt,

.forfeit andpayo the-SiftS t>f ¥*w^htiy Pounds, One Moiety thereof to the ^teafurer	f&fcTVid#	of the laid P-arith tot the Tifne-

being, ro be applied in Aid oM*ke Rate for the Relief of the 'Poor;

And^ih'roth^aJMbvefy (or:klij P^Vfon Or Pei4fens who (hall ftiefdr the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at fVeJlminfcr, by lAdtiob of Debt, dr loft the Gale, wherein no1 Hdbfg’n, Frotedion, Wager of Law, nor no e than Oneiliopl fiance fhall be allowed.

J •• *1 iV0Oiii.il / yUltDS.Mft

-.■itXKXV: -AddcfBe^t 'father5 tf»aedt*‘TKlft 'the faid Guafdiar* of Guardians to •jrtteilPioor, and their Trealurer for the Time being, fliajr wtehiH'tewb of * Mdiiths after'.fitf/?^ In «adh hhd‘e've^y Year,’catrte tnerf Clerk OrvCier,l;s Account* to tranferibe from the Books of Account kept by thehr t)FJ$ftd®fnV‘Ch’fe annually.

Ufe of the faid Parifh, a full and true Abftradt of, the Accounts of all. the ■Mw its rtcetvefl Sand'paid by them during tfii preeedihV tW; dif-tigguifhing for what "-fetch Monies Were ■deceived and paid, aod^i^Vin'g 4n what Sum tihe fafcd fParift», at the ExpiRatfon1 of the Year, ’ was m/debt or entitled to credit,’ *rvd which Abftradt-of the Accounts ihail contain an Account of the numbers-of Paapefs alt, the End Of eabh Calendar .Month, during fuch .precedingdhfiabtem'g in the WbrkhOtife Of .*he faid Parifh; and of the Nurhbefs of1 all other Perfons relieved-during fuch preceding Year,'^rftinguifhing cafuAl* from ofctter Relief ; and alfo an Account of all Rates made, and of the Deficiencies in the Colle&ion thereof during.the -ptOceding Year, and drftirtgnifhirtg the Rates made; ahd the Deficiencies arifingd-n each Libert^ of the faid ParHh ; and which AbftraCl .of tire Atcotints (ball be printed, and every Inhabitant of the faid Parilhy rated to the Relief of the Poor thereof; on paying One Shilling ffiall receive one fuch Abftradt of the Accounts, from the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Guardians; and every fuch Guardian, TreaPurer and Clerk, who fhall negledt or refute to do as above diredted, (hall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Trfcafurer to the Guardians of the Poor of the laid PaVifh for the Time being, rtnd the other Moiety to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fue for the lame, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at fVeJlminfler, by Adtion of Debt or e)n the Cafe, wherein no Effoign, Protedlion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor Guardians of to be appointed under this Adt, and the Veftry of the faid Parilh refpec- he Poor to lively, fhall and may fue and be l’ued, and take all Bonds and Securities Jue a?d ^ in die Name or Names of their Cierk or Clerksforthe Tinffe being, to be NtmeVnhe appointed under this Adi, and chat rto Adtton or Suit which may be Clerk, brought by or againft the laid Guardians bf the'Poor, or any of them, or againfi-any of the Veftrymen of the faidParifh, in relation to the laid Adi, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Ihall abate of be diieoritinuCd by the Death or Removal of fuch-Clerk or Clerks-, or by rhfeAdtof him, or them, without the Confent of the faid Guardians of the Poor, Or of the Veftry, as the Cafe may be, but the Clerk or Clerks, fcrthe Time being, fhall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in every Action or Suit, as the Cale may be: Provided always, That all and e^cry fuch Clerk or Clerks,- (hail be reimburfed our of the Montes to be

raifed

4.8“ GEORGII III.' Cap. 97.

railed by virtue of this Aft, all fuch Cofts, Damages, and reafonable Er-pences as he or they (hall be put untq or become charged or chargeable with, by Reafon of his or their being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant, or Plaintiffs or Defendants as aforefaid, provided that the faid Aflion, or Defence, fhall be profecuted, carried on, and continued with the Content of the faid Guardians of the Poor, or of the Veftry, as the Cafe may be.

noi uecmcu LXXXVII. And be it further enafted, That no Inhabitant of the faid incompetent Parifh, fhall, in any Aftion, Profecution, Information, Caufe, Hearing, Witiwffei. Examination, or Proceeding whatfoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Aft, or concerning tile faid Parilh, be deemed an incompetent Wirnefs on Account of Ins or her being charged with or liable to pay any Rate or AflelTment, to be railed levied, and collected by virtue of this Act.

Orders to be LXXXVI1I. And be it further enacted. That all Afts, Orders, or Bookstand Proceedings of the laid Veftrymen, and of the Guardians of the Poor, at good *Evi- their Meetings, fhall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by the dence. Clerk or Clerks for that Purpofe, and figned by the Chairman for the Tim* being at their next Meeting, and all Afts, Orders and Proceedings, fhall then be deemed and taken to be o/iginal Afts, Orders, and Proceedings, and fuch Books fhall and may be produced and read as Evidence in all Courts whatfoever of all l'uch Acts, Orders, and Proceedings.

Laws relit- LXXXIX. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Laws ing to relating1 to the Office of Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, and dens'to beki ^or Relief and providing for the Poor, fhall dill continue in Force force where within the faid Parilh, except where the fame are altered, or other Proving altered Cons are made in relation thereto by this Act. by this Alt.

Howjuitices XC. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes, where One or are to pro- more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace is or are, or may be empowered ceedonCom- by Law to proceed on the Complaint of the Churchwardens and Over-Guard iaes	f'ers of the Poor of any Parilh or Parilhes, or of any of them, it fhall and

uar tans.	lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and he and they

are hereby required to proceed on the Complaint of any Three of the faid Guardians, or of any Perfon or Perfons whom any Three or more ot them (hall appoint for that Purpofe, in fuch and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if fuch Complaint had been made by fuch Churchwardens and Uverleers, or ar.y of them.

XCI. And be it further enafted. That any Juftice of the Peace in and for the faid County of Middltjtx, fhall and may do any Aft or Deed relative to the Office of a Juftice of the Peace, hereby direfted or other-wife, notwithftanding he lhall or may at the fame Time be a Guardian of the Poor of the faid Parilh, for carrying into Execution the leveral purpofes of this Aft, and lhall and may aft in the Execution of this Aft, notwithftanding he lhall be an Inhabitant of the faid Parilh, or pay the Rates for the Relief of the Poor thereof; any Law, Statute, or Uiage to the contrary notwithftanding.

renames XCII. And be it further enafted. That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and hm^Io'be Fines, by this Aft inflicted or impofed, or authorifed to be impofed, (the

Manner

Jultices may a& notwith-ftanding their being G Indians.

1840

Q.KORGII ill Cap, 97.	1841

Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otberwife dire cl n *'V5C.d ccTj*. 'upon Proof of the Offences refpectively before any One or 0 um * more Jndlc.es-of the Peace for the faid County of MiddUfex, eitner by the Conre3iaif dfihe Party or Parties offending, or by the Information of One or more Wifhefs or Wftneffcs, upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Jufticeor Juftices o£ the Peace is and are hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter without Fee or Reward), be levied by Diffrefs and Sale of the Goo is and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrantor Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice ot Juftices, which Warrant or Warrants, fuch Juftice or Juftices, is and are hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, it any there be, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whofe Goods and Chattels (hall be fo did rained and fold, (the Cofts, (Charges, and Expences of making fuch Diffrefs, and the keeping and felling thereof being firft deduced) (hall be paid to the Treafurer for the Time being, to the laid Guardians of the Poor, and applied towards the Purpofcs of this Aft; and in aid of the •

■R ice far the Relief of the Poor of the faid Parilh, but, neverthelefs, it fhall and may be lawful, to and for the faid Guardians, at any Meeting to be held in purfuance of this Aft, to order their 1 realurer for the Time bci hg, to pay fuch Parc of the faid Penalties, to the Informer, as they flia.ll judge realbnable, not exceeding one Moiety thereof; and in every fuch Cafe, where Diftrels .is direfted to be made, levied, or taken by this Aft, and fufficient Diffrefs fhall not be found, and fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawfiil'for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby author!fed and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hapd and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol, or Houle of Correction, of the County of Middlefex, there to remain without Bail or Ivjaipprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Months for the firft Offence, and for the lecond, and every other Offence of the lame kind, for any Time not exceeding Six Months, unlels iuch Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines, and all reafonable Charges and Expences attending the fame, lhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XCUr. And be it further enacted, That all and every Juftice or FormofCc J jdices of tile Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be V:&ios* convicted of any Offence againft this Aft, ihaii and may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up in the following Words, or any other Form of Words, to the lame Effect, (that is to fay)

« 13^ remembered. That on this

H wrm O	Day

in the Year of our,Lord

A. B. is duly convifted before ;• . of His Majeliy’s Juftices of the Peace, for the. County of, Middlefex, of having [Here (taie the Offence againft the Ably as the .Cafe may be ] contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made-and provided; And I [or we, as the Cafe may be] do declare and adjudge that the faid A.' B, hath forfeited for his [or her, as the Cafe may be] faid Offence the Sum of Given under my Hand [or Hand and Seal, or our Hands, cr, our Hands and Seals, as tha Cafe may be] .the Day and ’Year firft abo*e written.*

[Lee, fc? Per.]

ii A—C

XCIV. And

184 s

Diftrefs not to brf deemed or Jawful for want of form, nor Party be deemed a Trefpaffer, ci initio, for lubfequent Irregularity.

Plaintiff not to recover if Tender of Amends hath keen made.

Perfcns aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter or General Scffion*.

48'GEORG 11 III. Cap. 97.

XCIV. And be it further ensued, That where any Diflrefs fUaW be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this A L , the Didrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed1 unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame, be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffrrs, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto i nor fhall the Party or Parties be deemed a Treipaffcr or Tref-paflers, ab initio, on Account cf any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Pcrfon ot Per-fons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage incut red by an Action on the Cafe.

XCV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Action to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in puri'uanceof this Act, unlefs Notice in Writing of fuch intended Action fhall have been given to the Vertry Clerk or Clerks of the Paid Parifh, or left at his or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, Twenty-one Days before fuch Action fhall be commenced, figned by the Attorney for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe or Caufes of fuch Action j nor fhall any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in fuch Action for Satisfaction for fpecial Damage or otherwife, or for any fuch Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of fufficicnt Amends fhall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who (hall have committed, or caufed to be committed every or any fuch Irregularity, T'-elpafs, or wrongful Proceeding, before fuch Action fhali be brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hail have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any Juch Action, by leave of the Court where fuch Action fhall depend, ac any Time before Iffue be joined in fuch Action, to pay into fuch Court fuch Sum of Money as he, (he, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, or Order and Judgment, (hall be had, made, or given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Affeffmenc or Affeffments, or by any Bye-Law, Rule1, or Order made in purfuance of this Aft, or any ocher Matter or Thing done, or directed to be done in purfuance of this Acr, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall apply for Relief to the Guardians of the Poor of the faid Parifh, at any Meeting to be held within Fourteen Days next after Demand made of fuch Rate or Rates, AffefT-ment or Afieffmencs, or next afcer any fuch Matter or Thing done and committed by, or by an Order of the faid Guardians, by which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved i and the faid Guardians are hereby authorifed and empowered to give fuch Relief in the Premifes as to them fhall feem neceffaryj and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall not be fatisfied with the Determination of fuch Guardians, he, fhe, or they may appeal to the Quarter or General Scfiions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlejex, as the Cafe fhall be, within Seven Weeks next after fuch Determination of the faid Guardians fhall be made; fuch Appellant firft giving, or caufing to be given, Seven Days

Notice

4SU G E O R G11 I If. Cap. 97,	1.843

Notice at the leaft, in Writing, of his, her or thejr Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of ihe Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks of the faid Guardians, or leaving fuch Notice for him or them, qt his or their laft or ufual I'lace or Places of Abode, and within Two Days next after fuch Notice, entering into a Recognizance before one of His Majcfty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Jaid County, with two lufficienc Sureties, in the Sum of Forty Pounds, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay fuch.Cods aa fhall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter or General Seflions, and the faid Juftices at fuch Quarter or General Sefftons of the Peace for the faid County, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being’ given as afarefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance,, fhall hear and determine the Caufes and Matters ol fucH Appeal in a Summary Way, and award fuch O-’fts to the Parties appealing, or appealed agaieft, as they the laid Juftices (hall think proper: And the faid Juftices may then and there, it they fee Caufe, mitigate, any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to he returned which fhall have been levied in pursuance of any fuch Bye Law, Rule or Order, and award fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they (hall judge proper ; and the Determination of fuch Juftices, at their Quarter or General Sefilons, (hull be final, binding, and conciufive.

XCVIl. And be it further enadted, That noRate or Rates, Affeff- Proee^ngs ment or Afilffmencs, nor any Proceeding to be had touching the nut t0 f>e Conviction of any Offender or Offenders againft this Adt, or any't	*or

Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to he done or tranf-: form. acted irr or relating to the Execution of this Adf, or in purfuance or by virtue thereof, (hall be vacated or quafhed for want of Formj Nor remo, or be removed, or removable, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ yablebyCer-or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record tl0raA at Wejimmfikri any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary not-withllanding.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled. That no Action or Suit fhall Treble be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thino- done Coii** in purfuance of this Adi, or after Six Calendar Months next after the tadt committed, for which fuch Adlion or Aftions, Suit or Suits, fhall be fo brought, and all fuch Actions or Suits lhall be laid and tried in the County of Middlt/ex, or City of London, and not in any other County, City, or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adtion or Adtions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Iffue, and give this Adt, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which fhall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing tor or on which fuch Action or Adtions, Suit or Suits, fhall be brought, was done in purluance, and by the Authority of this Adt; and if the faid Matter or Thing fhall appear to have been fo done; or it it fhall appear that fuch Adtion or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given as before diredled, or that fufficient Satif-faction was made or tendered or paid into Court as aforefaid, or if any luch Adtion or Suit fhall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpofe limited, or fhall be laid in any other County,

2	City,

1844	48*	GEORGII III. Gap. 97.

City, or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein and if a Verdict fhall be found for fuch Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Action or A&ions, Suit or Suits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch Action or A&ions, Suit or Suits, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in fuch Adtion or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment fhall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the Cafes aforefaid, fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall have treble Cofts, and fhall have fuch Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for the Recovery of his, her, or their Cofts in other Cafes by Law.

Bow die Ex- XCIX. And be it further enabled, That all Cofts, Charges, and A^Jhalfbe*5 ^xpences P2fhng rhis Act, and all other Charges incident to or paid.	attending the obtaining thereof, fhall be borne, paid, and defray-

ed out of the firft Monies to be levied, collected, and received by virtue of this Act, or out of any Monies at the Time of pafling this Act in the Hands of any Treafurer, Collectors or other Pcr-fons, raifed, collected or received by virtue of the faid recited Acts, Or any of them.

Public Afl. C. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpeciafly pleaded.

DON DON:	Printed	by	Georoe	Eyre	and Andrew Straham,

Primers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

to*********######******#**##*#****#**##***#*****#'**

Cop. 98.

An Act for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parilli of Ajlilon-underlyne, in the County Palatine of Lancafter, and within the Townfhtps of St ay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chefler.

[3d June i8o8.j

WHEREAS within the Parilli of AJhton-undcrlyne, in the County Palatine of Lancafter, and in the feveral Townfliips of Stayley, Hatterjley, Matley, and New ten, in the Parilli of Mottram in Longdendalc, and of Dukinjeld, in the Pari Hi of Stockport, all in the County Palatine of Chejier, there are feveral very conliderable Manufactories, which employ great Numbers of People, who contract many Small Debts, which in the whole amount Yearly to a large Sum of Money; and although many of fuch Debtors are well able-to pay their refpeCtive Debts, they often refufe to pay the fame, by reafon of which their refpeCtive Creditors are either obliged to forego their refpeCtive Debts, or for the Recovery thereof, to incur an Expence fometimes far exceeding, and in ail Cafes greatly in disproportion to the Sums indifpute: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the neceflary Support and Protection ofufeful Gredit within the faid Parilh of AJhton-underlyne, and in the faid feveral Townlhips of Stayley, Hatterjley, Matley, Newton, and Dukinjeld, if a more eafy and fpeedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the lame were provided: [Loc. & Per.J	21	D	May



1854

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be if enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Commiflion. prefent Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That the €rs*	Lord	of the Manor of AJhton-underlyne aforefaid for the Time being, the

Reftor of the Pari Hi and Parifh Church of AJloton-underline aforefaid for the Time being, the Curate of the faid Parifli Church of AJhton-underlyne for the Time being, the refpeftive Clergymen for the Time being officiating in the feveral Chapels of Fafe in Stayley-bridge, Mofeley, and Lees, in the faid Parifii of AJhton-underlyne, and Francis Dukinfield AJllcy, Efquire, Samuel Andrew, John Bancroft, William Booth, John Bradley, Thomas Bradley, John Bramhal!, Bentley Brooke, James Browne Brooke, John Buckley of Mojley, John Buckley of Wood in Stay ley, Jofeph Buckley, Edward Chadwick, John Chadwick, Thomas Chadwick, John Chapman, Edward Dawfon, Richard Dronsfield, Sylvanus Ferns,	Fletcher, James Gee,

y?/6zz Greenwood, John Grimfhaw of Auderifharw, yc/;;z Grimjhaw of Gorton, George Hall, Samuel Hague, William Hampfon, Collier, James Harr op, John Harrop, Matthew Hawkins, Thomas Heap, James Hegin• bottom, John Heginbottom, Jonathan Heginbottom, Samuel Heginbottom, William Heginbottom, y<?£;z Higginbottom, William Hilton, Samuel HoUhigworth9 William ILorsfield, y?/;/z Howard, Clothier, William Howard, Daniel Ho-warth, Robert Hyde, Robert Ingham, James Kenworthy, John Kenworthy, Ralph Kinder, Robert Lawton, Edward Lees, Henry Lees, Mercer, James Lees of Mojley, John Lees, Gentleman, yp/azz Lf-nr, Timber Merchant, Neddy Less, Robert Lees, William Lees, Timber Merchant, William Lees, Yeoman, Thomas Lewis, John Lowe, Jofeph Mclior, Robert M‘Naught, Aaron Miller, Thomas Milne, James Newton, James Ogden, Surgeon, Thomas Oufey, Jofhua Platt, Thomas Reyner, John Rigby, John Shaw, John Skelmerdtne, John Slater, Jonathan Slater, Jofeph Slater, James Smith, Yeoman, Smith, Edward Stef ox, Adam Stopforcl, Thomas Stopford, Philip Swanwick, George Taylor, John Taylor, Jofhua Taylor, William Taylor of AJhton-underlyne, Jofeph Thornley, Thomas Travis, James Walker, John Walker, Richard Wilfon, Abel Wood, George Wood of Audenfhaw, John Wood, JcJlma Wood, George Worthington, James Wych, anti John Wych, (hall be and are hereby appointed Commiffioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the laid Parifli of AJhton-undcriyne, in the faid County Palatine of I^ancafier, and in the faid feveral Townffiips of Stay/ey, Hatterjley, Matley, Newton, and Dukinfield, in the faid County Msar.gs. pa]atine of Chejler; and the laid Commiffioners and their Succeffors are hereby conflituted a Court of Jullice, by the Name of ‘ The Court of

*	Rsqucjis for the Parifh of AJhton- underlyne, in the County Palatine ‘ of Lancajhr, and the feveral Townfhips of Stayley, Hatterjley, Matley,

*	Newton, and Dukinfield, in the County Palatine of Chejlerand the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the laid Court on a Thurfday, once in every Three Weeks or oftener, if in the Opinion of the faid Commiffioners there (hall be Occafion (Chriflmas Day, and Fall and Thankfgiving Days by Proclamation excepted, and then on the following Day) in lome convenient Place within the Town of AJhton-underlyne, to be from Time to Time appointed as Occafion may require, by the major Part of the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Aft; and the Fir ft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners fhall be holden on fome Thurfday

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.	1855

■within Two Calendar Months next after the pafling of this A6t; and the Commiflioners prefent fliall eled a Chairman for that Meeting, and fo at each fucceeding Meeting.

II.	And be it farther enacted, That the Commiflioners of the faid Commiflion-Court, or the major Part of them who fliall be prefent at their Meetings cauf-s^and to be holden in purfuance of this Act, not being lefs than Three, are to give Judg-hereby authorized and empowered to hear and to determine fuch Adions ment.

and Caufcs as are hereinafter mentioned, and to give fuch Judgments, and to make fuch Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereon, with Colls againft the Body or Bodies, or againft: the Goods and Chatrels of all and every the Perfon or Perfons againft whom they fliall give any fuch Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them fliall feem juft in Law and Equity; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes on any Adion, Caufe or Queflion before the faid Commiflioners, the faid Chairman fo to be eleded as aforefaid fliall have the deciiive or cafting Vote ; and if it fliall happen that no Chairman ihall have been pre-vioufly defied at that Meeting, then and in every fuch Cafe the Commif-fioner prefent who ftands before any other of the Commiflioners prefent in the Lift: of Names of the faid Commiflioners (which Lift the faid Commiflioners fliall and they are hereby required to hang or caufe to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commiflioners meet) fhall have the decifive or cafting Vote.

III.	And, for better regulating the Sittings of the faid Court, be it further Time of enabled. That the faid Commiflioners fliall not hold the faid Court, or faring hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Caufe or Caufes, to be heard or ^au c*’ determined by the faid Commiflioners by virtue of this Aft, but between

the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Ad contained fhall.extend, or be con-flrued to extend, fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Wimefs or Witnefies in the faid Court, in purfuance of any Action or Summons commenced in or iflfued out of the faid Court, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the faid Court, fave and except between the faid Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That when any of the faid Commif- Appointment' fioners of the faid Court, or any of their Succeffors to be elected in Manner

herein mentioned (fave and except the Lord of the Manor, and the Redor muloners‘ and Curate of the Parifli Church of Ajhton-underlyne aforefaid, for the Time being, and the refpedive Clergymen for the Time being officiating in the faid Chapels of Eafe) fhall die, or refufe to ad, or fhall ceafe to be qualified in Manner herein direded to ad as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall and may be lawful to and for the furviving or remaining Commiflioners ading in the Execution of this Ad, cr the major Part of fuch of them as fnail be prefent at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, to eled and appoint one other Com-lniffioner in the Room or Stead of each and every or any fuch Commiflioner or Commiflioners fo dying, refusing to ad, or ceafing to be qualified as aforefaid; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eledion, and of the Purpofe thereof, fliall be affixed by the Clerk for

the

Commifiion-ers to take a Oath.

1856	48" GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

the Time being to the Commiflioners of the faid Court on the outer Door of the Court Houfe or Place of holding the faid Court, and alfo upon the outer Door of the Parilh Church of AJhton-itndcrlyne aforefaid, Fourteen Days at Ieaft before fuch Meeting lhall be holden; and every Com-miffioner fo eletted lhall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution, and lhall be fubject and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Reftri&ions, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a. Comraiflioner.

V.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon lhall be capable of acting as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Act (fave and except in adminiftering the Oath or Affirmation herein mentioned to the other Commiflioners) until he (hall have taken and fubfcribed the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to fay:

Oath. <■ t A.B. do fwear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do folemnly 4 affirm,] That I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially, according 4 to the belt of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine fuch Matters 4 and Things as lhall be brought before me, by virtue of an Adi made in 4 the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled 4 [here fct forth the Title of this A a] without Favour or Affection, Preju-4 dice or Malice, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; and alfo, that I 4 am a Houfeholder within the Jurifdi&ion of the Court conflituted by 4 the faid Adi; and that I am poffeffed of a Freehold Eftate of the 4 Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate of the Value 4 of One Thoufand Pounds, above all Charges or Incumbrances what-4 foever.

4	So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation the Commiffioners of the faid Court, or any One or in care of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to adrni-nifter in open Court; and each and every fuch Commiffioner lhall and he is hereby required (immediately after taking the faid Oath or Affirmation) to fign and fubfcribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, or in a JBook to be provided for that Purpofe, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon or therein; and fuch Roll or Rolls, or Book, lhall be carefully kept amongft the Records of the faid Court.

Qualification VI. And be it further enacted, That no Perfon lhall be qualified to aft or Commit- rs a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adi, unlefs he lhall at the Time iinuert.	-£ting ke a Houfeholder within the Jurisdiction of the faid Court, and

ieifed of a Freehold Eftate of the Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or ooff felled of a Perfonal F.ffate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds, above all Charges and incumbrances- whatfoever; and if any Perfon, not being qualified as aforefaid, lhall prefume to aft as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this A ft, every fuch Perfon fnall for every fuch Offence (over and above any Funiftunent that he may be fubject or liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with lull Goffs of Suit, to any Perfon. or Perfons who lhall fue for I he fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefly’s Courts of Record at Wefimmjlery by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or .	Information,	wherein no Efl'oign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance lhall be allowed; and in every fuch Aflion, 2l	Bill,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.	1857

Bill, Plaint, or Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification fhall be on the Defendant, and it fhall be fufficient for the Plaintiff or Pr Tecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fued or profecuted had acted as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Aft: Provided neverthelefs, that all Judgments, A&s of the Orders, Decrees, Ads, and Proceedings, of all and every Perfon and ™™dlon* Perfons acting as a C nmifiioner or Commiffmners in the Execution of before Con-this Act, though not duly qualified in point of Property as aforefaid, pre- vi&ion. vious to his or their being convicted of fuch Offence, fhall, notwithftand-ing fuch Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if fuch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if' any Commiflioner named

or appointed by virtue of this Ad (fave and except the Lord of the *o quaijfy Manor, and the Redor and Curate of the Parifh Church of AJhton- within a cer-nnderhne aforefaid for the Time being, and the refpedive Clergymen tain Period, for the Time being officiating in the faid Chapels of Eafe) fhall neg-led or refufe to qualify himfelf for acting as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Ad, by taking and fubferibing the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, within Two Year's from the pafling of this Ad; or if any Perfon hereafter to be eleded and chofen a Commiflioner, fhall negted . or refufe to qualify himfelf for ading in the Execution of this Ad, within . Two Years next after he fhall have been fo eleded and chofen, fuch Commiflioner To negleding or refufing fhall from thenceforth be difqua-lified, and be incapable of ading as a Commiflioner in the Execution of this Ad; and it fhall be lawful for the remaining Commillioners, or fuch of them as fhall be prefent at a Meeting to be convened in fuch Manner as is hereinbefore direded, from Time to Time to eled one other Perfon to be a Commiflioner in the Room of each and every or any Perfon fo negleding or refufing to qualify or ad as laft aforefaid; and if any Perfon fo negleding or refufing to qualify or ad, (hall prefume to ad contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every Perfon fo offending in each of the Cafes aforefaid, fliall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the like Sum as is hereinbefore direded to be forfeited in cafe of any Perfon prefuming to ad not being qualified, to be recovered, paid and applied in like Manner as fuch Forfeiture or Penalty hereinbefore mentioned is direded to be recovered, paid and applied: Provided always, that if any Perfon fo becoming difqualified fhall at any Time thereafter become defirous of being re-eleded on any fubfequent Vacancy, it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioneis for the Time being again to eled and chufe him to be a Commiflioner; fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral Reftridions aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fliall and may be lawful to Appointment and for the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford, and War- of officcrs* rington, the Lord of the Manor of AJht on-underlyne aforefaid, an^ the Lord

of the laid Manor of AJhtGn-underlyne for the Time being, and he is hereby anthorized and required within Sixty Days from and after the pafling of this Ad, to nominate and appoint under his Hand, fit and proper Perions for Clerk, Serjeant, and other necdTary Officers, of and in the faid Court of Requefts, during his or their good Behaviour; and that when and as often as it fliall happen that the Office or Offices of Clerk, Serjeant or Cryer, or of any other Officer or Officers fhall become vacant, either through Mifbehaviour, Death, or Refignation, Sufpenfion, Difmiflion, Removal, or Incapacity, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid George Harry [Loc. & Per.j	ai £ Kai	l

i858	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap. 98.

Earl of Stamford and Warrington, the Lord of the faid Manor of AJhton-underline, or the Lord of the faid Manor of AJhton-underlyne for the Time being, is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, within Sixty Days arter fuch Vacancy {hall happen, to nominate and appoint, under his Hand, •mother fit and proper Perfon to be Clerk or Serjeant or Cryer or other Officer or Officers, of and in the faid Court of Requefts during his and their good Behaviour; and until fuch Nomination and Appointment fhall be made as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miffioners of the faid Court of Requefts, or any Three or more of them aflembled as aforefaid, to appoint fuch Officers refpeftively to do the Bufinefs of the faid Court, until fuch Nomination and Appointment fhall from Time to Time be made as aforefaid; and all Ferfons fo appointed by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, fhall be and be deemed to be (during fuch Time as they fhall refpeftively aft) Officers under this Aft, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and be entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments fpecified in this Aft, and fubjeft to removal from their refpeftive Offices in like Manner as the Officers to be from Time to Time appointed by the Lord of the faid Manor of AJhton-underlyne for the Time being, are entitled or liable.

No Viftual- IX. Provided always and be it further enafted. That no Perfon or ClerkCnor C Per^ons who fhall keep any Viftualling-houfe, Alehoufe, or any Public / any Commif- Houfe of Entertainment, or who fhall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Spi-fioner capable rituous or other .ftrong Liquors by retail, fhall be capable of holding the fuchdSnn* °ffice of Cierk» or any other Place of Profit belonging to the faid Court; fuch Timefas an^ tkat no Eer^on nominated a Commiffioner, fhall be capable of afting as he (hall be a Commiffioner during the Time he fhall remain Clerk of the faid Court. Clerk.

Power for X. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and the Clem to for the Qerk Gf the faid Court of Requefts for the Time being, to nomi-I)Tputf * Date One or more lufficient Deputy or Deputies to aft for him in the Office of Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts; which Deputy in the Abfence of the faid Clerk, fhall have the fame Authority as if the Clerk himfelf was perfonally prefent, and fhall from Time to Time be difplaceable and removeable, and fhall accordingly be difplaced and removed at the Will and Pleafure of the laid Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts for the Time Clerk to iflue being; and fuch Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and Summonfe*, requ red to ilfue all Sutnmqnfes, Warrants and Precepts, and to regifter Proctcduiys- Orders, Decrees and Judgments of the faid Court, and to do all fuch in Bjcks.° Afts, Matters and Things as are directed or required to be done by the fiiid Clerk by virtue of this Aft; and fhall enter and regifter, or caufe to be entered and regiftered, in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpofe, all the Afts and Proceedings of the' faid Court, of what Nature or Kind foever.

Duty of XL And be it further enafted, That the Clerk of the faid Court, or Clerks ?.nd Deputy or Deputies, fhall do and perform all fuch Afts, Matters, and Serjeants. things as they Avail be direfted or appointed by the faid Commiffioners to do and perform ; and the feveral Serjeants of the faid Court fhall ferve all Summonles and Subpoenas, and execute fuch Warrants, Orders, and Precepts, and do and perform all fuch Afts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done and performed by them refpeftively by virtue of this Aft.

XII. And

48° GEORGII HI. Cap. 98.	1859

XII.	And he it further enaSed, That if any fuel) Clerk or Deputy,

Serjeant, Crier, or other Officer, {hall be guilty of any Mhbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are viour. by this Aft allowed to be taken, or otherwife in the Difcharge of their refpeftive Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court then fitting,

{hall, and they are hereby direfted and required to enquire into the Nature

of the faid Complaint; and if it (hall appear to be well founded, then fuch Commiffioners, or the major Part of them fo fitting in Court as aforefaid, are hereby directed and required to caufe the whole Number of Commif-fionersofthe faid Court, refiding within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court, to be fummoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting lhall be holden not fooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Days after fuch Summons; and the laid Commiffioners at fuch Meeting, or the major Part of them prefent, fhall and may examine and confider the Merits of luch Complaint; and if it fhall appear to the Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, that fuch Clerk, or Deputy, Serjeant,

Crier, or other Officer hath or have been guilty of fuch Mifbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforefaid, in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners of the faid Court, or the major Part of them, to fufpend, difmifs, or remove fuch Clerk or Deputy, Serjeant, Grier, and other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe a fufficient Number of if fufficient the Commiffioners of the faid Court fhall not be prefent to aft in the Exe- Commiffion-cution of this Aft as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for n°t ^ holding of the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be ma^bead^ lawful to and for the Commiffioner or Commiffioners who fhall be prefent, journed. and if no Commiffioner or Commiffioners fhall be prefent, itnQjfe.ll and may

be lawful to and for the faid Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn fuch Court to the next Court Day, or to fome earlier Day.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Commiffioner or Commif- Commiffion-fioners of the faid Court for the Time being, fhall be Party to or concerned ers, &c. not or inrei efted in any Caufe, Aftion, or Matter depending in the faid Court, f° a& where or fhall be Father or Son or Brother of any Peri'on or Perfons, or bf the ltUere^eiI5 Wife or Wives of any Perfon or Perfons concerned or interefted in any fuch

Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners fhall not be capable of afting as a Commiffioner or Commiffioners on the hearing or determining of fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, or making any Order,

Decree, or Judgment therein; but fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners, after being heard in fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter, fhall withdraw until the fame be finally determined ; and if the Clerk or his Deputy, or the Serjeant or other Officer of the faid Court for the Time being, lhall be a Party to or interelled in any Caufe, Aftion, or Matter depending in the laid Couit, fuch Clerk, Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer, fhall not ex-ercife his or their Office in fuch Caufe, Aftion, or Master, or in any Thing relating thereto ; but the faid Commiffioners forming the faid Court, {hall and may appoint another Perion fpecially to exercile the Office of fuch Clerk or Deputy, Serjeant, or other Officer refpeftively, in all Things relating to iuch Caufe, Aftion, or Matter.

XV. And

48° GEORGTI III. Cap. 98.

i860

Commiffion- XV. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners fhall and they their°Pro-r are hereby required to make, or caufe to be made, fair and regular Entiies ceedinps, and in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Purpofe, of all the fuch Entries Judgments, Acts, Orders, Directions, Regulations and Proceedings of tknc -Evi" t*lem ^be faid Commiffioners relative to the Execution of the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this Act, and alfo of the Names of the Commiffioners who ffiall be prefent at their refpe&ive Meetings ; and fuch Entries (hall be figned by the Chairman of each refpe&ive Meeting ; and fuch Entries when fo figned, and fuch Book and Books, fhall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of fuch Court in all Courts whatfoever.	t,	,,

Debtors to be fummoned before the Co.-nmiflion-ers, who may make fuch Orders between the

they fhall think fit.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Per-fon or Perfons (whether fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refide within the Jurisdiction of the faid Court or not) having any Debt or Debts upon any Contraft or Agreement, or for or in refpeCt of Wages, Rent or Arrears of Rent, or otherwife howfoever, fave and except as herein mentioned, not exceeding the value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perfon or Perfons, or as Executor, Adminiftrator, Guardian, Affignee, or Truftee to any Perfon or Perfons, or due, owing, or payable to him as Collector of any Toils, or of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk, Treafurer, or other Officer to any Commiffioners or Truftees, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly affociated and conftituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfoever, which the faid Commiffioners are by this Aft enabled to judge and determine, and not exprefsly prohibited by this A Ct, by or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever inhabiting and refiding, within the faid Parifh of AJhion-underlyne, or the feveral Townfhips aforefaid, or any of them, or keeping and ufing any Houfe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there as a Dealer, or feeking a Livelihood, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who fhall thereupon in due Courfe make out and deliver or caufe to be made out and delivered to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court for the Time being, a Summons in \Vriting under the Hand of the faid Clerk or his Deputy, directed to fuch Debtor or Debtors, expreffing the Sum demanded of him her, or them, and dating the Particulars of fuch Demand or Caufe of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring fuch Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in fuch Summons, before the Commiffioners of the faid Court, to anfwer fuch Demand or Demands ; and fuch Serjeant fhall in due Courfe ferve or caufe fuch Summons to be ferved on fuch Debtor or Debtors, either perfonally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Perfon belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwell-inghoufe, Warehoufe, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the jurifdidion of the faid Court; and upon due Proof of fuch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, or upon the Appearance of the Debtor or Debtors, the Com-.	3	miffioners

r S 6 r

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

miflioners prefent in Court (fuch Number prefent not being lefs than Three) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Orders therein, and pafs fuch Judgment or Judgments thereupon, and award fuch reafonable Cofts of Suit, as to them (hall feem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Ad contained, and as well the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs as the Debtor or Debtors whom fuch Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments, and Proceedings fhall refpedively concern, {hall duly obferve, perform, and keep the fame refpedively ; and, for the better Difcovery of the Truth Commifuon-and more folemn Determination of the Matters and Caufes which {hall be ersmayadmi-depending in the faid Court, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the nifter Oaths. Commiflioners prefent in the faid Court to adminifter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the faid Court, and to all or any of the Parties whpm they^the faid Commiffioners fhall think proper to examine touching the Matters then in queffion, and alfo to fuch Witnefs or WitnefTes, as fhall be produced by each or either Party, and alfo to any - other Perfon or Perfons, whofe Evidence fhall feem neceflary towards the hearing or determining any of the faid Caufes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpofe requifite to the Execution of this Ad.

XVII.	And be it further enaded. That where any Debt or Damages Where Debt {hall be due and owing by or demanded from any Two or more Perfons's due from jointly, by reafon or on account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade p*° °r 7ore or otherwife jointly concerned. Service of fuch Summons as afor-efaid per- Monhg^ore'" fonally on any one of fuch Partners or Perfor.s, and Notice thereof left at of them fhaH the ufual or laft Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, befuffident. Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, of

the other or others of fuch Partners or Perfons,. {hall be as good and fuf-ficient as if each of fuch Partners or Perfons were feparately fummoned as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That it {hall and may be lawful from WitnefTes to Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to and for any Plaintiff or be fummon. Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Caufe to be depending ed'

in the faid Court, to caufe any Perfon or Perfons refiding within the Ju-rifdidion of the faid Court, to be warned or fummoned to fuch Court, either by ferving a Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes, to be iffued by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of fuch Court, and to be ferved by a Serjeant of the fame personally, or by leaving fuch Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes, at the laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, to appear as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence in the faid Court in or concerning the Suit or Caufe there depending; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons after having been fo fub- Penalty on pcenaed or fummoned to give Evidence as aforefaid, and paid or tendered Wltne,ffe* ■??£ his, her, or their reafonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or fummoned.1 their Evidence at the Time and Place in fuch Subpcena or Subpcenas, or Summons or Summonfes mentioned, on behalf of any fuch Plaintiff or Defendant, {hail negleCt or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpcena or Subpcenas, Summons or Summonfes, due Proof being made of the Service thereof, and no fufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appearance being {hewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, and on Oath being made before the Commiffioners there fitting by the Party or Parties [Lqc. & f*er.]	21 F	at

1862

Tf Debtors

pear, Com-miflioners may proceed.

If the Plaintiff docs not

prove his Demand, Defendant fhall have Coils, fee.

What Debts to be decided by the Com-miHloiiers.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

at whofe Inflance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes iffued, that the Perfon or Perfons ferved therewith was or were a Witnefs or Witnefles by fuch Party or Parties judged neceffary for the Proof of his, her, or their Caufe or Caufes, Adion or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences ; or if any fuch Witnefs or Witnefles (hall appear, but (hall refufe to be examined upon Oath, or in cafe of a Quaker or Quakers upon folemn Affirmation, and to give Evidence as aforefaid, before fuch Commiflioners, according to the true Intent of this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on every Perfon fo offending ; which Fine lhall be recoverable by fuch Means as Forfeitures are by this Ad generally direded to be recovered, and fhall be paid to the Party or Parties at whofe Inflance or Requeft fuch Subpcena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonfes fhall have been ifTued.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Debtor or Debtors who fhall have been duly fummoned as aforefaid, fhall not appear either in Perfon or by his, her or their Agent, or fome other Perlon on his, her or their Behalf, before the faid Court, at the Time and Place mentioned in the faid Summons, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners affembled in the faid Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the faid Summons in Manner aforefaid, to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintifls only, and to make fuch Order, Decree or Judgment therein, and to award fuch rea-fonable Cods of Suit, as to them fhall feem moll agreeable to Equity and good Confcience.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons ifTued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Court, or of rhe Caufe on account of which fuch Summons fhall have been iffued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall not appear either in Perfon or by his, her or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her or their Behalf, or appearing fhall not make Proof of his, her or their Demand or Demands to the Satisfadion of the faid Court, but fhall become nonfuited, or Judgment fhall be pronounced againft him, her, or them by the faid Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefem in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Gofts and Satisfadion for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as they the faid Commiflioners in their Dii'cretion fhall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the faid Court.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners and they are hereby empowered and enabled to decide and determine all Difputes and Differences between Party and Party, for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Adions or Caufes of Debt, and in all Caufes of Aflfumpfit, and Injimul computajfet, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trover and Converfion, and in all Caufes or Returns founded on a Quantum meruit or Quantum valebat, and in all Caufes or Adiops of Trefpafs or Detinue tor Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XXII. And-

48° GEORGII III.	Cap:	98.

XXII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who hath or ha-ve fubfcribed, or agreed or undertaken to pay, or who (hall or may fubfcribe or agree or undertake to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Expences of applying for, palling, or obtaining this ACt, fhall after Demand thereof made by any Clerk or Serjeant of the faid Court refufe or negleCt to pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money for the Space of Fourteen Days after fuch Demand fhall have been made, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the faid Commiffioners, and they and every of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered, in his or their own Name or Names, to fue for and recover in the faid Court of Requefts fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds in any one Cafe, of and from fuch Perfon or Perfons fo refufing or neglecting as aforefaid, in fuch and the fame Manner as any other Debt or Debts or Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever may be recovered by virtue of this Act; and in every Cafe where any fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo refufed ornegleCted to be paid as aforefaid, fiiali exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, it fhall and may be lawful to and for anyone or more of the faid Commiffioners, and they and every of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered, in his or their own Name or Names, to fue for and recover fuch lafl: mentioned Sum or Sums of Money in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at We/iminjisr, or in the Court of Common Pleas for the faid County Palatine of Lancajler, or the Court of Seffion for the faid County Palatine of Chejlcr, together with full Colls of Suit, by ACtion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill or Plaint, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed ; and all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money, when fo recovered by any one or more of the faid Commiffioners,. fhall be by him or them paid and applied for and towards the Expences of applying for, palling, and obtaining this ACt; and if any Commiffioner or Commiffioners who may recover any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, fhall negleCt or refufe to pay and apply the fame accordingly, fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners fhall for every fuch NegleCt or Refufal forfeit and pay double the Amount of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo refufed ornegleCt-ed to be paid and applied by him or them as aforefaid ; which Forfeiture fhall be recoverable by fuch Means as Forfeitures are by this Act generally directed to be recovered; and one Half Part thereof, when fo recovered, /hall be paid and applied for and towards the Expences of applying for and palling and obtaining this ACt, and the other Half Part thereof fhall be paid and applied in fuch Manner and for fuch Purpofes as other Forfeitures are by this ACt generally directed to be paid and applied.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in every Cafe where any Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, /ball be due *md owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiltant., Labourer, or any other Perfon whomfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiltant, Labourer, or other Perlon, may fue for fuch Debt, in the faid Court, in the fame Manner as if he or Ihe were of full Age ; and the faid Commif-fioners prefent in the faid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caules concerning fuch Debts, in the fame Manner, and fhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

x863

Subfcription* towards this ACl may be recovered.

Debts due to or from Perfons under Age, may be recovered.

XXIV. And

1864.	4-8"	GEORGII	III. Cap. 98.

crsmT'^°n" XXIV. And be it farther enacted. That in cafe it {hall at any T:me fufcend Pro- during the hearing of any Caufe in the faid Court, appear by the Oath1 cpedngs, in of any Perfon or Perfons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Cafes where Commifiioners prefent at the Court at which fuch C-aufe fliall be heard, illCotunablc ^1at Debtor or Debtors is or are unable, from Sicknefs or unavoidable to’pay the Accident, to pay and difeharge the Debt or Debts for which he, {he, or Debt. they {hall have been fo fummoned, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the faid Commifiioners alTembled at any fuch Court; or Courts as aforefaid, to fufpend or fuperfede the Proceedings in fuch Caufe until it fliall, upon like Proof as aforefaid, appear to the Court that fuch Debtor or Debtors {hall be able to pay fuch Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforefaid j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

RuWrefpta rriaior ^art them, at any General Meeting thereof, afiembled purfuant

ing Suitors Money.

to Notice in Writing for that Purpofe to be given by the Clerk or his Deputy to the faid Commifiioners for the Time being, the Number of Coin-miffioners then prefent not being lefs than Nine, {hall and may and they are hereby empowered and directed to make, ordain and confiitute fuch Rules and Regulations as to them {hall feem meet, for fecuring the Balances and other Sums of Money belonging to the Suitors of the laid Court, in the Hands of the Clerk of the faid Court or his Deputy, which at any Time from and after the palling of this Act may be by them or either or any of them received, and for the due accounting for and Application"of all fuch Balances and other Sums of Money, and alfo for auditing the Accounts at lealt once in every Year, andoftener if they {hall deem it neceflary.

This Aft not XXVI. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing in this ACt to extend to contained .{hall extend or be confirued to extend fo as to enable the Corn-Debts! miflioners of the faid Court to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eftates whatfoever ; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels real whatfoever, {hall be brought or come into quefiion, nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that fliall arife by reafon of the Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments fituate elfewhere than within the Limit and JurifdiCtion of the faid Court; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that fhall arife by reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftament or Matrimony ; or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes; or for any Matter properly fuable in the Eccle-fiaflical Court; nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by means of any Horfe Race, Cockmatch, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play ; nor to any Debt which there has not been a ContraO:, Acknowledgment, Undertaking or Promife to pay within Six Years before the taking out of the Summons, although the fame refpe&ively fhall not exceed Five Pounds.

Aftion3 not	XXVII. And be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained fliall

to be fplit for. extend or be confirued to extend, fo as to enable any Plaintiff to fplit or ofbringing6 divide any Caufe or A&ion for the Recovery of any Debt, where the tbtm before	4	whole

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.	1865

whole Sum that fhall appear to be due and owing (hall exceed the Sum thie'court of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of any may decrce Two or more Caufes or Actions, for the Purpofe of bringing fuch Caufes ;a fuch Ac-or Aflions within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court; and in cafe it {hall t!.or> fo[Plu* appear to the faid Commiflioners, that any Plaintiff fhall have fo fplit or divided his or h^r Caufe or Action as aforefaid, then and in every fuch ome Cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby required to difmifs, Money in full with Cofts, every fuch Caufe or A&ion fo fplit or divided ; but fuch Dif- ot ajj P:- ^ miffal fhall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Re-	uc

covery of his or her Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejimhi/ieror in fuch Manner as he or fhe may lawfully proceed : Provided always, That in cafe any Plaintiff who fhall have fo fplit or divided fuch his or her Caufe or A£tron fhall be willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand in fuch Caufe or Adtion fo fplit or divided, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Com-mifhoners fhall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce, on fuch Plaintiff proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiflioners, fuch Sum to the Plaintiff not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds as to the faid.Commiflioners fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and fuch Sum fhall, in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiflion-ers, be declared to be, and fhall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from ^ , the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Caufe or Cafefo fplit or divided.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That no Evidence fhall be permit- No Evidence

ted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Action as *° pja^J aforefaid, of any Demand or Caufe of AClion, except fuch as fhall be 0f any Mat-ftated in the faid Summons hereby directed to be given ; nor fhall any Evi- ter not dated dence be admitted or; the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the in the Sum* Trial of fuch firft mentioned Caufe or ACtion, of any Demand he,	nor

or they may have on the: Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set-off, to allowed leffen or difcharge himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves from the faid firft men- without tioned Demand on Caufe of A&ion, unlefs Notice thereof in Writing fhall Notice being have been given to fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by Perl’onal Service, or by Slven-leaving the fame at his, her, or their Dwellinghoufe, Warehoufe, Wharf,

Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day whereon fuch Matter or Caufe fit,. . be heard or tried.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in any Caufe, A&ion, or Commifiion-Cafe in which the Commiffioners of the faid Court fhall have made an er9 may Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it fhall and may be lawful to J£*rdaE*fn™“ and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in Court, to award Execution the Bohy or either againft the Body or Goods of the Party againft whom fuch Order Goc^

or Decree fhall be made, and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the faid Court or his Deputy, at the Prayer of the Party profecuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to iffue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias adfatisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias, to one of the Serjeants of the faid Court, who by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon Execution awarded againft the Body of fuch Party fhall and may and lie is hereby empowered to take and convey fuch Party (being within that Pan of the juriiuiaion of the faid Court which lies in the faid County Palatine of Lancajler) fo any Gaol or Prifon within the faid

\_Loc. & Per.J	21 G	County

*866	4.8°	GEORGII III. Cap. g8.

County Palatine of Lancaftei\ or (being within that Fart of the Jurj'fdio tion of the faid Court which lies in the faid County Palatine of Chejlcry the 1 Common Gaol of the faid County Palatine of Chefier, there to remain until he, {he, or they {hall perform and obey fuel; Order, Decree,. or Judgment, for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly dire&ed ; and in cafe any fuch Precept (hall be iffued upon Execution againft the Goods and Chattels of fuch Parry, fuch Serjeant (hall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy, by Diftrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, being within the jurifetiction of the faid Court, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts as {ball be ordered, de-In cafe Par- creed, or adjudged ; and if the Party aeainft whofe Body or Bodies any tie* fliall ab- fUch Execution {hall be awarded and Procefs thereupon iffue, fliall, by fec^ete their abfeonding, or by fecreting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chat-Goods, Com- tels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effeft of any mitlioners to fuch Fxecution, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to award further ?ncj for tbe Commiffioners prefent in the faid Court, upon due Proof xecution. thereof ma(je before them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, at their Difcretion, to award further Execution either againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, and Procefs fliall iffue thereupon, and be ferved by one of the Serjeants of the faid Court, rs™fd°n" until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs {hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and it fliall tree Debts' and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners from Time to Time, to be paid by in cafe they fliall think fit, for the Eafe and Convenience of the Defendant Iaitalments. 0r Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowerd) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by feveral Payments or Inftalments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions as may appear reafonable' and juft to them the faid Commif-fioners, for the Eafe of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court, in cafe any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Inftalments fo ordered, decreed, adjudged, and directed, fliall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant or Defendants, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons who may have given Security to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Directions of the faid Commiffioners, for the Payment of fuch Inftalments in Manner aforefaid, for the whole Debt, or fuch Part thereof as (hall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Cofts as to them fliall feem juft and reafonable, and fuch Debt or fuch Part thereof, together with fuch further Cofts fliall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of the Debt and Cofts full decreed.

Procefs not

to iffue againll the 33odv and Goods or Chattels of the fame Perfon.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall not be lawful to or for the Commiffioners of the faid Court, to iffue any Procefs againft the Body or Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants in any Cafe or Cafes where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, fliall at the fame Time or previoufly have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame Defendant or Defendants.

If Defendant XXXI. And whereas it may happen that Perfons ferved with Procefs rcmoye °ut jffoinrr out of the faid Court of Requefts, may, in order to avoid Execu-of the Junf-	*»	(fcn.

48* GEOPvGII III. Cap. 98.	1867

tion, remove their Perfons and F.ffeCts beyond the Limits of the JurifdiCtion ^.ou).t to of the faid Court; Be it therefore eiisCted, That in all Cafes where a final avolci Execu-Deeree or Judgment for anv Sum or Sums of Money fhali have been ob- tion, a Jut-tained in the faid Court, it fhali and may be lawful to and for any Serjeant ^ of the laid Court, to apply to anv Juftice of the Peace aCting for the Di- lhe vifion or Place to which fuch Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, oi preccpt, &c>» their Goods and Chattels (hall be removed, and upon Proof being made upon Oath (which Oath fuch Juflice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) of the Precept oi Execution having been iffued againft the Perfon or Perfons, or PffeCts (as the Cafe may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the JurifdiCtion of the faid Court, but E or are believed to be within the County or Dif-tria where fuch Juftice of the Pe:i-e lhail aa, fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to fign orindorfe his Name upon the Back of the faid Precept of Execution, and thereupon the Serjeant or other Officer of the faid Court fhali be, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to take and feize the Perfon and Perfons, or Effeas, of the Defendant or’Defendants wherefoever the fame {hall be found within the County or BHlvia for which fuch Juftice of the Peace who fhali have fo figned or indorfed the faid Precept of Execution as aforefaid fhali aa,and to deal therewith in like Manner as if the fame had been taken or feized within the JurifdiCtion of the faid Court ; and all Conftables and other Peace Officers fhali and they are hereby required to be aiding and afflfting within their relpeCtive Diftrifts in the Execution of the faid Precept fo indorfed as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enaCted, That in or upon each and every Pre- Clerk to incept to be iffued upon Execution, awarded againft the Body or Goods and ^ert or Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, the Clerk of the faid Court a^Cofts^n or his Deputy fhali infert or indorfe, or caufe to be inferted or indorfed, the precepts; the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Cofts fo ordered, decreed, and ad- and if paid to judged ; and if the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Execution fhali Clerk of

be awarded refpectiveiy, fhali, before an aCtual Sale of the Goods and ^a^Execu-Chatteis, or before he, fhe, or they is or are apprehended, or before thetion’tobe Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifonment, as herein fuperfeded. mentioned, pay cr caufe to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the faid Court or hi;; Deputy, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as aforefaid, or fuch Part thereof as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhali agree to accept, in full for his, her, or their Debt or Debts, together with the Cofts, and the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk as a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Colts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Execution fhali be fuperfeded, and the Body or Go»|ds and C hattels of the faid Party or Parties fnaii be difeharged and fet at Liberty.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Gaoler, &c. Time being of the refpeCtive Gaols or Prifons within the faid Counties Pa-to rece*ve latine of Lancajier and Chc/ler refpeCtively, fhali and he and they is and Pelfons• arc hereby required to receive and take into his and their C.uftody refpeCt- committed* ively, all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhali be committed or ordered

to ftand committed under or by yirtue of this Aft ; and in cafe the Keeper

or

i868

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

or Keepers of the faid Gaols or Prifons refpe&ively, (hall neg!e& or re-fufe to receive into his or their Cuftodyany Perfon or Perfons fo committed, or {hall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perfons (hall be committed to his or their Cuftody, difcharge fuch Perfon or Perfons out of his or their Cuftody, cr wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon or Perfons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpofe in Writing, figned in Court by Three at Ieaft of the faid Commiflioners, fuch Keeper and Keepers refpe&ively fo offending in any of the faid Cafes, and being thereof convicted before any One or more of Elis Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for either <}f the laid Counties Palatine of Lancafter or Chefccr, as the Cafe may be, upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more Witnefs or Witnefies (which Oath or Affirmation fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required toadminifter) or upon his, her, or their Confeffion, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds at the Difcretion of the faid Juftice or Juftices ; and in cafe fuch Sum fhall not be immediately paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be convi&ed, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum {hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to fuch Offender or Offenders, after deducing the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale j and fuch Forfeiture when fo paid, levied, or .recovered, {hall be applied in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this AC generally direCed to be applied ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to any fuch Gaol or Prifon as aforefaid, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch ConviCion be fooner paid and difcharged.

No Privilege XXXIV. And be it further enaCed, That no Privilege ftall be allowed to be allowed to exempt any Perfon liable to be fummoned by virtue of this AC from to Attornies. tjie jurifdi£tion of the faid Court of Requefts, on account of his being a Sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majefty’s Cou: ts of Record at Wejiminjler, or of any other Court whatfoever; but that all fuch Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers fhall be fubjeC to the feveral Proceffes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the laid Court of Requefts, in the fame Manner as any other Perfon or Perfons is and are fubjeC to the fame.

No Attorney, XXXV. And be it further enaCed, That no fuch Attorney, Solicitor, Solicitor, or Scrivener, or any Perfon praCifmg in the Law, fhall be permitted to ap-the Law	to	Pear l^e ^ourt	as	an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate,

be Advocate,	for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff	or_	Defendant, or any	other Perfoit, in

any Caufe, ACion, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs ; and in cafe any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, fhall appear	in	the faid Court or	Requefts as an

Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate,	for	or on Behalf of	any Plaintiff' or

Defendant, or any other Perfon, in any Caufe, Aftion, or Matter in which fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himfeif a Party or Witnefs, then and in every fuch Caff fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scri-3t	vener

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 98.	*873

vener, fo offending, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds on being convi&ed thereof before any One or nv •re of His Majeftv^s juffices of the Peace for either of the faid Counties Palatine of Lancajier or Cbcjter, upon the Oath or Affirmation of One O'- more credible Witnefs or Wimeffes (which Oath or Affirmation fuch Juftice or Juffices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or on his own Confeffion; and in cafe fuch Sum of Money fli .11 not be paid forthwith by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, into the Hands of the faid Juft ice or Juffices before whom fuch Offender fli ft; be convi&ed, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum of Money (hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juffices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducing fuch Fine or Forfeiture, and the Colls and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and fuch Fine or Forfeiture when fo paid, levied, or recovered', fliall be applied in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Act generally dire&ed to be applied; and in cafe a fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, it fliall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juffices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to any Common Gaol or Prifon in either of the laid Counties Palatine of Lancajier or Chejier, as the Cafe may be, for any Time not exceeding Six Ca-ledar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Colts and Charges attending fuch Conviction be fooner paid and difeharged.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons who- Impriton-foever lhall be committed to any Gaol or Prifon by Order of the faid	of

Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Cuftody on any Pretence whatfoever (except in the Cafes herein provided) for any longer Space or Spaces of 'lime,, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are herein limited; that is to fay: Where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Colls) does or do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, flie, or they lhall not be kept or continued in Cuftody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Colls) is or are above Twenty Shillings* and does or do not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Colls) is or are above Forty Shillings and does or do not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Colls) is or are above Three Pounds and does or do not exceed Four Pounds, then nor more/ than Eighty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclufive of Colls) is or are above Four Pounds and does or do not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the Keeper and Keepers of every fuch Gaol or Prifon, is and are hereby directed and required to discharge fuch Perlons accordingly.

XXXVII.	And, in order the more effectually to prevent Perfons fum- Ifaiiy Debtor-moned for Debts or Damages to the laid Court from fraudulently con- conceal cealing their Money, Goods, or EffeCls; Be it further enabled, That in	°[1C

cafe upon the Summons of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts, or Da- Time of his mages before the faid Court, Information of any fuch fraudulent Con- lmprifonment -cealment lhall be given, iuch Court (ball have Power to hear Evidence as j11**11 to the FaCl; and in cafe it lhall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the arge *

[Loc. b3 Per.']	21 li	Oath

xS'74-

fhall extent fepavately and fucccf-

fivelyfor ea

"Debtors tu liable to pi Gaol Fees.

48-G'EOR-GII III. Cap. 98'.

Oath or Affirmation of One or more Witnefs or Witnefles (which Oath or Affirmation the faid Court is hereby empowered to adminifter) then and in evei*y fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to enlarge rive aforefaid Time of Irnprifonment of fuch Debtor to any Period, in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

v- XXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That all and every Perfon and

, Perfons who {hall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Pro-cefs ifilling from or out of the faid Court of Requefts, and who at the Time of his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her,

ih or their Irnprifonment, fhall have more than One Execution again ft him, her, or them, in the faid Court, (hall be imprifoned during the Time by this At\ limited for and in refneft of each and every fuch Execution (that is to fay) after the limited Time fhall be expired on the firft Execution, the Irnprifonment on the Second Execution fnall commence; and after tile limited Time fhall be expired on the Second Execution, the Imprifcn-ment on the Third Execution fhall commence ; and fo on, until he, (lie, or they fhall have been imprifoned the Time by this Act limited for and in refpect of each and every feparate Execution to be iffued againft him, her, or them, in the faid Court, previous ro his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Irnprifonment; any Law, Statute, orLJfjge to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

it XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That each and every Perfon im-

lY prifoned by virtue of this A£t, fhall on the Expiration of his or her Time of Irnprifonment be difeharged and fet at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity what foe ver, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of any Gaol or Prifon, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Difcharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatfoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaol or Prifon, or any other Perfon whofoever, fhall demand, take, or receive any Fee or. Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his, her, or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid, or fhall keep or detain any fuch Perfon or Perfons, a Prifoner or Prifoners, after the Time by this Atl limited for his, her, or their Irnprifonment, every fuch Keeper, Turnkey, and other Perfon, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two Jnitices of the Peace for either of the faid Counties Palatine of Lancajier or Chejier, as the Cafe may be, to hear and determine every fuch Offence; and fuch Two Judices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed, in cafe fuch Information fhall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to fummon the Party accufed, and alfo the Witnefles on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles (which Oath or Affirmation fuch Juflices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) or by the voluntary Confeifion of the Party accufed, to give Judgment or Sentence for fuch Penalty or Forfeiture as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying fuch Penalties or Forfeitures by Diftrefs and Sale of the-

Goods

48° GEORG.II III. Cap. 98.

Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducing fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof j and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, it lhali and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to any Common Gaol or Prifon in or for either of the faid Counties Palatine of Lancafier or Chefter, as the Cafe may be or require, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, imlefs fuch Penalty or Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Conviction, be foone** paid and difcharged; and one Moiety of fuch Penalty or Forfeiture when paid or received, fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the faid, Commifiioners, and the fame lhali be applied in like Manner as the feve-ral other Fines and Penalties are by this Aft generally directed to be applied and diftributed.

XL. Provided always. That nothing herein contained lhali extend or Nothing be conftrued to extend fo as to prevent or reftrain any Perfon or Perfons ^n" from making Diftrefs or bringing any Aftion or Aftions whatfoever, for prevent a„y Rent or Arrears thereof, and thereby recovering fuch Rent with Cofts, Perfon front although the fame fhall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.	detraining

0	for Rent.

XLI. And for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations S-atute of may be pleaded in the faid Court of Requefts ; It is hereby further en- Limitations, aifted and declared. That Defendants in the faid Court-lhali be allowed to ™,aydh<\ plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in force or hereafter to be made; and every Defendant fo pleading or claiming, lhali have and receive fuch or the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as fuch Defendant or Defendants would have been entitled to in cafe this Adt had not been made, and he, Ihe, or they had been fued for the fame Debt, or other Caufe of Adlion in any of his Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhnm/ler, or any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XLII. And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhali For fupport-conteinptuoufly and wilfully infult or abufe all or any of the Comm if- SJV* tll|! fioners of the faid Court, or any of the Officers of the faid Court for the j-JJJqq^ Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in Court, or lhali and prevent-interrupt or obftrudt the Proceedings of the faid Court, then and in every iri£ infuits. fuch Cafe it lhali and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the faid Court, with or without the Affiftance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by the Order of the Commifiioners of the faid Court, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody; and the faid Commifiioners lhali then examine into fuch Infult or Abufe, either from their own View or Knowledge of what paffed, or by the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; and upon fuch Infult or Abufe being duly proved as aforefaid, it lhali and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impofe a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every fuch Offence on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders which Fine lhali be recoverable, and when recovered lhali be paid, applied, and diftributed by fuch Means and in like Manner as Fines it.	or

l»75

4-S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

or Penalties are by this Act generally directed to be recovered,'* paid,, applied, and diftributed.

cjs'n'ifl) l°U"	And	be	it farther enacted, That in cafe any of the Commif-

baving, may f,ortei's of the faid Court fhall, during his or their Sitting or Attendance be ft ruck out in the faid Court, behave or demean htmfelf or thernfelves improperly, oi the Lift, or in an unbecoming Manner, or fhall render himfelf or thernfelves obnoxious to all or any of the reft of the Commiftioners prefent in Court, then and in any fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Majority of the Commiftioners then prefent in Court, or any Three or more of them, to direct the Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts to convene a General Meeting of the faid Commiftioners (which Meeting fhall be called in fuch Manner as is hereinbefore directed for calling General Meetings for electing new Commiftioners;) and the Commiftioners to be affembled at fuch General Meeting fhall enquire into the Caufe of Complaint againft iuch Commiflioner or Commiftioners as aforefaid; and the Majority of the Commiftioners to be fo affembled fhall and may, in cafe they fhall find lufficient Caufe, order aud diredt the Clerk of the faid Court of Requefts to ftrike out and erafe the Name or Names of the Gonwnif-fioner or Commiftioners fo offending from the Lift of the Commiftioners of the faid Court; and fuch Order fhall be entered amongft the Records of the faid Court; and the Commiflioner or Commiftioners whofe Name or Names fhall be fo directed to be ftruck out and erafea from the faid Lift, fhall from thenceforth be no longer a Commiflioner of the faid Court of Requefts; provided always, that no Commiflioner fhall be ftruck off from the Lift of the faid Commiftioners in Manner aforefaid, unlefs Fourteen Days Notice of the General Meeting of the faid Com-miflioners for taking his Behaviour into Confideration fhall have been delivered to fuch Commiflioner, or left at his ufual or laft Place of Abode; and fuch Difmiffal or ftriking off from the Lift of the faid Commiftioners fhall not difqualify fuch Commiflioner from being afterwards re-elected m fuch Manner as is hereinbefore appointed for the Election of new Com-miflioners.

Fees to be XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the feveral Fees hereinafter taken.	limited	and	expreffed,	and	no	other,	fhall	be taken by the Clerk, Ser-

jeant, and Crier of the faid Court of Requefts, for the feveral and refpedt- -ive Services in the execution of this A£t, for the Recovery of all Sums no:. exceeding Five Pounds (that is to fay)

CLERKS

43° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 98.

1877

CLERKS FEES.

For entering every Caufe - -...............

Iffuing every Summons or Subpoena -	-	-	-

Every Hearing or Trial...................

Swearing every Witnefs, Plaintiff, or Defendant -Entering and drawing up every Judgment, De-7

cree, or Order...........................5

Every Nonfuit ----------

Paying Money into Court in full, and entering 7

Satisfaction in Books...........-3

If by Inflallmems - 6d. in the Pound more. Every Search (including payment of Money out 7 of Court and entering fame)	- -	-	-	-3

Iffuing every Attachment,	Precept, Order	or 7

Execution................................3

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infult or Mifbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commif-fioners’ Clerk, or other Officer of the Court - is.

On Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings.	On Debts exceeding Forty Shillings.
s. d.	s. d.
0 6	I O
O 6	I O
0 6	I O
° 3	0 6
0 6	I O
0 6	I 0
0 6	I O
0 3	0 6
1 0	1 6

CRIERS and SERJEANTS FEES.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant -	-	-	-

For fervitig every Summons, Order, or Subpoena 7 within One Mile of the Court Houfe -	-3

If above One Mile, then extra for every Mile from the Court Houfe ...	3d.

For the Execution of any Warrant, Precept, or 7 Attachment againfl the Goods or Body -	-	-3

If above One Mile, then extra for every Mile from the Court Houfe -----	3d.

If an Affidant Serjeant fhould be neceffary in the 7 Judgment of the Commiffioners, then for the >

Affiffant....................................J

If above One Mile, then extra for every Mile from the Court Houfe -	-	-	-	id.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prifon (including all Expences and Af-fiftants) for every Mile...................is.

o 2 ov 4

o

o

3

6

6

And the faid Commiffioners {hall and they are hereby required to hang up or affix, or caufe to be hung up or affixed, a Table,of all fuch Fees, in fome confpicuous Part of the faid Court or Place of Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, in order that all Perfons concerned may perufe the fame.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That if any Clerk or his Deputy, Serjeant Fine on cr Crier, or any other Officer or Serjeant employed by the faid Commif- Officers uk-fioners in putting this Aft or anv of the Powers thereof in execution, fhall exaft, take, cr accept any tee or Reward whatfoever other than Fees allowed.

CLoc. & Perd\	21J—K	and	by this Aft.

1878

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

and except fuch Fees as are appointed and allowed to them refpeftively by virtue of this Aft, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Aft, or on any account whatfoever, relative to putting this Aft into execution, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, upon Conviftion thereof before the faid Commiffioners at any of their. Meetings, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which Fine or Penalty fhall and may be recoverable, and when received or recovered fhall be paid, applied, and diflributed by fuch Means and in like Manner as Fines or Penalties are in and by this Aft generally direfted to be recovered, paid, applied, and diflributed.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, or hiaSDut"S	other Officer or Officers of the faid Court, employed to ferve any Exe-

to pay the	cution, fhall by wilful Negleft, Omiffion, or Connivance, caufe or fuffer

Debt. the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded to Efcape or Abfcond, or the Goods of fuch Party or Parties to be carried away or fecreted, fo that fuch Execution fhall not have its due effeft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of the faid Court, or any Three or more of them, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof, made upon Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to order fuch Serjeant or Serjeants, or other Officer or Officers, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded, to the Party or Parties complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Debt or Debts; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of the faid Court or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby enabled, to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for every fuch Offence on fuch Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers; and fuch Fine fhall and may be recoverable, and when received or recovered, fhall be paid, applied, and diflributed, by fuch Means and in like Manner as Fines or Penalties are in and by this Aft generally direfted to be recovered, paid, applied, and diflributed.

Punifhing

Perfons guilty of Perjury.

XLVU. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall in his, her, or their Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the Commiffioners of the laid Court of Reqtiefts, in any Action, Caufe, or Matter depending therein, or before any Juflice or Juftices of the Peace afting in the execution cf this A ft, wilfully and corruptly give faife Evidence, or wilfully and corruptly fwear or affirm any Matter or Thing which fhall be faife or untrue, evere fuch Perfon fo offending, and being duly convifted thereof, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force or effeft:, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft: and liable to.

Recovery XLVI1I. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-and Apulica- ffttures by virtue of this Aft impoled (the Manner of levying and reco-tion of Penal- ver}ng whereof is not hereby other wife particularly direfted) fhall be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the faid Court (which Warrant fuch Commiffioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Con-feffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Wnnfts upon

Oath

1879

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

Oath or Affirmation) ; and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale, {hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting fuch Fines and Penalties, and the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diftrefs; and fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwife applied) (hall be paid to the Clerk to the laid Commiftioners, and {hall be by the faid Commiftioners diftributed amongft the Poor of all and every or any of the faid Parifhes, Townfhips, or Places within the Jurifdidion of the faid Court, in fuch Manner as the faid Commiftioners when prefent in Court or any Three or more of them fhall think and determine to be right and proper; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiftioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Offender or Offenders (being within that Part of the Jurifdidion of the faid Court which lies in the faid County Palatine of Lancajier) to be committed to any Gaol or Prifon within the faid County Palatine of Lancajier, or (being within that Part of the Jurifdidion of the faid Court which lies in the faid County Palatine of Ckejler) to any Gaol or Prifon within the faid County Palatine of Chejler, there to remain, without Bair or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, fhall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

XL1X. And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where any Con- Form of vidion fhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Ad, Convi&ioiv the Form of Convidion fhall be in the Words or to the Effed following; that is to fay,

4 jgE it Remembered, That on this	Day

e of	in	the	Year	of the Reign of

4	A. B is convided before

s	of	his	Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for

4 the County Palatine of Lancajier (or Chjler, as the Cafe may be,) or

*	before Three of the Commiftioners for executing an Ad, paffed in

*	the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

44 An Ad '[here infert the Title of this Adj of having \_Jlate the OJfenceJ 4 and I [or wej the faid	do adjudge him [her, or,

4 them] the faid	to forfeit and pay for the fame, the

4 Sum of	fuch Offence being contrary to the

4 Provifioils' of the faid Ad. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our 4 Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid.*

L. And be it further enaded, That where any Diftrefs fhall be Diftrefs not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad the Dif- to be unlaw-trefs itfelf fliall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making iu}ior wailt the fame be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaffers, on account of any Defed ° °rm" or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpafler or Trefpaffers ab initio on "account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftrainmg; but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity

i88o

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 98.

fiiall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any AClion upon the Cafe.

*rt«s LI. And be it further enaCted, that no Order, Verdid, Afleffment, or qualhed for 3l,^gmentr or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the want of Matters aforefaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Of-Fonn, or re- fender or .Offenders againfl this Act, fiiall be quaihed or vacated for want movable by 0f Form only;

Certiorari.	'	.

LII. And be it further enafted ; That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recover in any Aftion to be commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in Purfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice in Writing fhall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before fuch Aftion be commenced, of fuch intended Aftion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Gaufe of fuch Aftion; nor mail the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Aftion, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch Aftion fiiall have been commenced; and in cafe no fuch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant of Defendants in fuch Aftion, by leave of the Court after fuch Aftion fhall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, fhe, or they fhall think fit; whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order, and judgment fiiall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Aftions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation LUI. Provided always and be it enacted, That no fuch Aftion or Suit of A&ions. fhall be commenced againfl any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, after Three Calendar Months ntyct-afteribe Faft committed; and every fuch Aftion or Suit fhall be brought and tried in either of the Paid Counties Palatine of Lancafler or Cb'efter, as the Cafe may be, and not elfewhere; and if any fuch Aftion or Suit fiiall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice fhall have been given, or after fufft-cient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fiiall be nonfuited or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fiiall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment fhall be given againfl fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs^ then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fiiall have Treble Colls, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath for Colls of Sun in other Cafes by Law ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion and Suit, and every of them, may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which fhall be had thereupon.

He Act LIV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and fiiall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all judges; Juft ices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Georgs -Eyre and Andrew StrahW,. Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefly. 1808.

Plaintiffs not

without Nonce, or after Tender of Amends.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

****3|f********'***»**********)|H|e*******^*******# ***** *#*

Cap. 99.

An A<ft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to fupply with Water the feveral Towns, Diftridts, and Places therein mentioned; and to amend the feveral Acts relating to the faid Canal.

[3d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act palled in the Forty-firlt Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi for making 44.g.3. c. jt. and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinfon’s Gun Wharf, in the Parijh of Saint Ma y at Rocherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham in the Parijh of Mitcham in the faid County, and alfo divers collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the fame to certain Parifhes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, certain Perfons were incorporated by the Narr.e of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal :**

Ana whereas one other Ad: was paired in the Fort)-feventh Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adi for better enabling the 47 q. 3 c- to.

Company of Priprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the fume: And

whereas it would be a great Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants

of certain Diftrids within the feveral Parilhes, Townfhips or Hamlets of

Saint Mary Rotherbithe, New Crofs, Saint John and Saint Mary Magdalen,

[Loc. Isf Per.J	1 Ji I	Bermondfey,

1882

Pipe! may be laid from the Canalrocertait: D'ltricts for a Supply of Water.

48“ GEORGII III. Cap.99.

Bermondfey, Saint Giles Camberwell, Walworth, and Beckham, and Places adjacent, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, refiding >vithin One thouland five hundred Yards on each Side of the Margin of the faid Canal, if the faid Company of Proprietors were enabled to fupply them with Water by Means thereof: And whereas it is requifite that fome of the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Adis Ihould be altered and amended, and that further and other Powers (hould be given to the laid Company of Proprietors : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the faid Company of Proprierors of the Grand Surrey Canal, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the pafiing of this A£t, either by themfelves, their Deputies, Officers, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to lay any Mains and Pipes underground, fom the faid Canal, called The Grand Surrey Canal, to and into the feveral Diftri&s and Places in the feveral Parifhe', Townfhips, or Hamlets of Saint Mary Rot her hit he, New Crofs, Saint John and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, Saint Giles Camh berwell, Walworth, and Peckbam, and Places adjacent, in the Counties of Surrey and Ktnt, fituate, lying or being within the Diftance of One thou-fandhve hundred Yards of either of the Margins ot the faid Canal, or of the collateral Cuts or Branches thereof, or of any of them, and to fupply all fuch Mains and Pipes with Water from the faid Canal, or from the collateral Cuts or Branches thereof, or from any of them, and to make and maintain Waterworks, Aqueducts, Steam Engines, and other Engines and Conveniences upon the Ground belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, or with the Confent of the Owners of the Land on which the fame are intended to be made, but not otherwife, and with fuch Confent; to make fuch other Works, Buildings, Eregions, and other Conveniences for the Purpcfes of this Ad, as (hall by the faid Company of Propr ietors, their Succtfiors or Afligns, be deemed neceffary; and for the Purpofcs aforelaid the faid Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Officer?, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, are hereby authorized and empowered to go, enter, and pafs in, upon, over, under, or through the Lands and Grounds, Brooks, Streams, Waters, Highways, Roads, Paffiges, Commons, and other Lands and Places of anyPerfon or Peifons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiare xyhitfoever, fituate, lying and,being within the Diftance of One thoufand five hundred Yards of cither of the Margins, of the faid Canal or of the collateral Cuts or Branches thereof, or of any of them, for the Purpofe of laying the Mains and Pipes afoiefaid, and alfo from Time to Time to open, (coir, cleanfe, repair, and maintain fuch Mains and Pipes; and for the Purpofcs aforefaid, or any of them, to bore, dig, cut, trench, fough, get, remove, take, carry away, and layEarth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbiffi, Trees, Roots of Tree?, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in laying fuch Mains and Pipes, or which may hind.- , obftruft, or prevent the laying of the fame, or the ufing, completing, and maintaining thereof, and to ufe, exercife, and employ all neceftary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a fufficient Stream of Frcffi Water from the faid Canal, collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, or any of them, to and into fuch feveral Diftrifts and Places, fituate, lying or being within a	the

+8*GE0RG'1I III. Cap. 99.	1883

the D,fiance cf One thoufand five hundred Yards of eirher of the Margins of the faid Canal, or of the collateral Cuts or Branches thereof, or of any of them, for the Purpofe of fupptying the Ihhabi ants of the fan e for the Time being wiihfo much of the faid War r as may be wanted, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, fupporr, and continue the fame according to theTenor and Effect, and the true Intent atid Meaning of this A£f; and alfo to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences, Fafbges, Bridges, or Arches which may be necefbry for the Purpofs aforefaid, or any of them*, and from l ime t> Time to make, cor.ft-uft, and ereft, and to ic-jpair and maintain any Citterns, Ponds, B fons, Main Pipe.*, Rider Pipes,

Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, Metal Cocks,

Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common, Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, Bures, Mains, Feeders, Fani, erf. Drains,' Pumps,

Sluices, and other Works and Devices as they (hall think proper, and all fueh other Matters and Thing', in fuch fcver;d.Dittri£ls and Places, and in fuch Manner as they (hall judge necefiary for diftributihg and convening fuch Water to the refpe&ive Houles, Offices, and other Tenements of the Inhabitants of fuch feveral Diftrifts and Places fiiuate, lying, and being within the Diftance of One thoufand five hundred Yards of either of the Margins of the faid Canal, or of the colbteral Cuts or Branches thereof, or of any of them; and from Time to Time, as Occafion may frquir -, to alter the Pofiucn of, and to repair, relay, and maintain fuch Mains, Pine-,

Stock Cocks, and A r Plugs, Fire Piftg', and other Machinery, and to do ail fuch other Acts, Matters, and Things as fiiall from Time to Time be ncceffkry or proper for completing and amending, repairing, and improving, and for ufing the Works authonz d by this A£t to be done ami provided for the Purpofes and‘according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; they the faid Company of Pop decors, their Depute^, Officers,

Agent , Servants, and Workmen doing as litr e Da a.age as may be in the Execution cf the feveral Powers to them hereby granted, and the faid Company of Propr tors making Satisf.«&ion to the Owners and Pr prie-turs f, and all Perfons interefted in the Lands, Tenement*:, and Hereditaments iefpe&iveiy whi h fhall be ufed for the Purpofes of this Acl, or injured in Value by means cf the Powers hereby granted, or which (hall be by them luft lined by reafon cf all or any of the P,\v-rs of this Adi; ard this Acl fhall be fuffitieflt to inderrn fy ihe fa J Company of Proprietors, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Woikmui, and all other Per* funs whomfoever, tor what they or any of them fhall do by viitue hereof; fuojedl neverthelefs to fuch Provifoes and Reftiictior.s as are hereinafter contained.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enatfed, That nothing herein Refraining contained fhall extend, or be confirm'd to extend, to enable rhe laid Com- ,he Company panv of Proprietors or their Succcffjrs, to by or drive any Mains, Pipes, certain** Trunks, or other Work', or to fupply with Water by means of the laid slices with Canal or otherwife, or by any other Ways or Means, any of tue In!jab;- WatcF* tants refi ing on the North-Weft and Weft Side cf rhe Line or Boundaiy hcreinaf er tlefcribed, or into any of the Streets or Places included within fuch Boundary; that is to fay, a Line beginning from ihe Thames at Saint Saviour’s Dock in the Parrfh of Saint John’s Southwark, bv a Line to be d awn through the Middle of fuch Dock td Dock Head, by the Centre of Five Foot Lane to Btrmcndfey Street, then South through the Centre of Ber~ mondfey Street by the New Road to the Kent Road at the Bricklayer’s Arms,

along

1884

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 99.

along the Centre of the Kent Road to the Green Man Turnpike Gate on luch Road, then bya Line to b. drawn from the Green Man Turnpike Gate on the Kent Road from the North-Eaft to the South-Welf, at the Diliancc of Forty Yards from the South Eaft Side of Surrey Square and Albion Lane to the Road leading from London to Camberwell\ at or near Walworth Turnpike G*te, then continuing by a Line to be drawn along the Centre of inch lad-mentioned Road, Southerly through Camberwell, to the Top of Denmark Hill, which faid Line is to be confidered as the Boundary Line; and in cale the ft d Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal fhall fupply any Company, Houfe, Building, or Place, on the North-Wed or Wed Side of fuch Line, or included in the faid Boundary, or be the Means of their being fupplied with Water by Means of, or from the faid Canal, then and in every fuch Cale the faid Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, (hall forfeit and pay to the Company of Proprietors of the South London Waterworks, for every Company fo fupplied, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds annually, and for every Houfe, Place, or Building fo fupplied, the Sum of Ten Pounds per Annum, to be recovered by the laid Company of Proprietors of the South London Waterworks, in any of	His Majtdy’s Courts of	Record at Wefimnjler, by A&ion of

Debt or	on the Cale, Bill, Suit,	or Information, wherein no Effoign,

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

1,01 Water*	IM. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing herein

from the* contained, (hall authoiize or empower the laid Company of Proprietors to River Ra-	take any	Water for the Ule of the faid Canal or other Works, hereby au-

venfboume.	th0iized	to be made, out of, or	from the River Ravenjbourne, or any

Stream, Watercourfe or Rivulet, running into the faid Rtver.

Not to injure IV. Provided alfo, and be ir enafled. That nothing in this A& con* tained fhall extend to enable the laid Company <f Proprietors to convey tentfoAon- Water by P;pesor otherwife, from chc laid Canal, for the Purpofeof fup-veying Water plying all or any of the Inhabitants refiding within the Royal Manors of Greenwich	Greenwich and Sayes Court, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, or one

*c.	of them, wiih Water, or in any other Manner to prejudice or injure ihe

Proprietors of a certain Patent granted by his Majtfty King William the Third, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, to William Tarr.old and Robert Watfon, enabling them, their Executors, Adminiitrators, and Afligns, for the Term of Five hundred Years thence next eniuing, to convey Water by Pipes from the River Ravenjbourne to the Houfcs and Premifes of the Inhabitants of the laid Manors of Eaji Greenwich and Sayes Court.

Plansdepd- V. And wher.as a Map <r P.sn, deferibing the fcveral Difir.fts and fired with the places intended to be fupplied w.th Wattr by Means cf the faid Canal, pJac-libatt1** hath been depofited with the Clerks of the Peace tor the Counties of Sur-h- ojien ft r	rey and Kent f be it tin refoie enaCled, That luch Map or Plan (hall remain

In pi it on.	jn fj.]c, Qa(t0tjy 0f (he faid Clerks of the Peace, and that all Perfons inte-

refted therein (hall at all reafonable Times have Liberty to infpect and pe-rufe the l';me, and take a Copy thereof, or any Pm thereof, paying a reafonable Compenlation to the faid Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies fur every fuch lufp.&ion.

VI. And

48*'GEORG'n HI.	1885.

"VI. And Ke it further'errand',' Hut tire Furnace qf every Steam En-gipe to be ere&ed by thefakV^ortiptmy of Proprietors for any of the Pur- ftruae<i, fo as pofes of this Aft, fhall be'jdHftru&cd upon, fuch Principle a* to confume .{jjeonrume its'own Smoke.	.	.	.Smoke.

VIT. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall authorize Nor to ufe cr or empower the frid Compjnv of Proprietors, or any Perfon or Perfnns pr".Lancia acting by or under their Authority, to make any Aqueduft, Tunnel, u Grounds Feeder, or other Works, for the lupply of Water acrols or over, or to en- J^out Con“ ter into or upon the private Lands and Grounds of any Body Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Or of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers'thereof or into or upon any Common or Coni- -monable Lands or Fields, or Waite Lands, without the Content of the Lord of the Manor, or the Owner or Owners thereof.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it ensfted, That no Sewer or Drain Pablic Sewers which -now is or fhall hereafter be under the Jurildicbon of the Commif-

fioners of Sew rs for the Limits extending fiom Eafr Mouldfey in the _except for i»y-County uf Surre y to Ravenfbcurne in the County of Kent, lhau be altered, changed* 6r inn-rfere'd with, or be in any wife affected by any of the Pro- „r u*<fcr-ths • vifionsof this Aft, five and except fo far as may be neceff.ry to enable the fa iie-laid Company, or Proprietors to lay Iron Mains or Pipes over or under* but not within or through the fame. ,

IX.	Provided alfo, ar d be ;it enafted, That, the faid Company of Pro. No iceofiay-p-ietors fhMf caufe Notice in Writing to be left at the Office of the Clerk

to the faid Gommiflioners or'Sewers, fpecifying the Place in winch any and pivcIuotSe "

every Iron Main or Pipe fhall be defigned to be laid over or under any fuch

Sewer ot Drain as before-mentioned, and the Manner of laving the lamecf semew.

and uponev ry fuch Notice, the faid C!erk (hail aod he is hereby required

to convene a Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, or any Twelve cr more of

them, to be held within.Fourteen Days after fuch Notice (hail be fo left as

aforefaid, which faid Commiffioners, fliall and they are hereby required,

within Twenty Days after fuch Meeting, to order and direft the Manner

in which fuch Lon Main or Pipe (hall be paffied under or over the faid

Sewer or Dfain, unlefs the palling and conveying the faid Main or Pipe

fhall prevent or interfere with the cleaning or alctring any Juch Sewer or

Drain, or the completing of any Work by the faid, Co mmiffii oners, of Sewers

in or about the lame; and in all Cafes where the laid Commiffioners fh.ill

be prevented from making an Order within Twenty Days after they fhull

have been fo convened by any of the Caufes aforefaid, the faid Commif-

iioners lTjall and they ayo hereby required to,.make: fuch Order, within Ten

Days after the faid Sewer or Drain (hall have been To cleanfed or altered, or

the faid Works completed.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That all Damages to be K»»r;age-dene cceafioned by or in conference of the laying, placing, dr piling any and b%"a''e good every Iron Main or Pipe, over or under any Saver or Drain, lhall from W'iuCam* Time to Time be made good, by the faid Compmy'of Proprietors to the ^'y' Saiisfa'ftion ‘and good Liking of the faid Co mYn: Hi oners of Sewtr^, withth Twenty-one Days after any and every fuch Main or Pip'e ffiall Be To *1 del '

down, pi cjd, cr paffied; and in cafe the faid Company fhall negleft fo to 1 '{LocJj Per.]	21	M	make

£886

48° GEORGII IK. Cap.99.

make good fuch Damage within the Time aforefaid, then it (hall and may bs lawlul to and for the (aid Commiflioners of Sewers to make good, and to order and direct all proper and neceflary Works for effecting the fame; and theExpences occasioned by reafon thereof {hall be paid by the .Treasurer, .Clerk, or Agent to the faid Company of Proprietors to the Trea-furer or Expenditor General to the faid Commiflioners of Sewers, within Twenty-one Days next after an Account of the fame, and Demand of Payment thereof, figned by the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners of Sewers, (hall be delivered to the Treafurer, Clerk, or Agent of the faid Company, or any of them, or left at his or their or any of their Dwelling Houle or Houfesj and if the fame (hall not be fo paid within the Time aforefaid, then that it (hall and may be lawful for the Trealurer or Expenditor General for the Time being to the faid Commiflioner of. Sewers, in his own Name, to fue for and recover the faid Expencts by Aftion of Debt to be brought againft the faid Treafurer, Clerk, or Agent for the Time being of the faid Company of Proprietors, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjter> together with full Coils of fuing for the fame, in which Aftion, no Efibign or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance fhall be allowed.

ttecornmif1*	Prov^ec* a^°» an^ be ** further enabled, That nothing in this

fionerj from" Aft contained (hall be conftrued or taken to hinder or prevent the faid wJdein^an Commiflioners of Sewers, their Surveyors, or Servants, from deepening, Sew«*.aR a0y widening, or altering the Courfe of any Sewer or Sewers over or under which any Main or Pipe (hall have been laid, placed, or palled ; and that in all fuch Cafes the Expences of taking up, relaying, lengthening, fecu-ring, or fixing the faid Pipes, and all Damages fuftained or to be fuRained by reaion thereof, (hal! be made good by the faid Company of Proprietors, or otherwise repaid to the laid Treafurer or Expenditor General to the Commiflioners of Sewers, and in default thereof, recovered in the Manner hereinbefore provided for in the Calc of the original laying, placing, or palling fuch Iron Main or Pipe.

Empowering XII, And be it further enacted. That fuch of the Inhabitants of the inhabitant* t > faid feveral Diflrifts and Places fituate, lying and being within the Dif-coimnunicate tance °f One thoufand five hundred Yards of either of the Margins of the with he com- faid Canal, or of the collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, or any of them, yanj's Pipes. 2S ^ defirous of having the Water laid into their Houles and Offices, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Ex-pence (having firft obtained the Confent in Writing under the Hand of fuch Pcrfon as (hall be authorized by the faid Company of Proprietors, under their Common Seal, to give fuch Conlent) to open the Ground between the Company's Pipes and the refpeftive Houfes, Brewhoufes, or Offices of fuch Inhabitants, and to lay Leaden Pipes (the Bore thereof to be afeertained by the faid Company) from fuch refpeftive Houfes, Brew™ houfes, or Offices, to communicate with the faid Company’s Pipes in ar.y Road, Street, Lane, Palfage, or Place within fuch feveral Diftrifts and Placer, luch tefpedtive Inhabitants paying to the faid Company of Proprietors, Yearly, Quarterly, or Monthly, fuch Sum or Sums or Money, for fuch Water, as (hall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in cafe of Default in Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money fo agreed to be paid as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the laid Company to caufe the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Perfon or Perfuns making fuch Default, and communicating

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 99.	1887

municating with any Main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the faid Company, to be feparated from the Pipe or Pipes with which the fame ffiall fo communicate, and to caufe the Water to be Hopped from iffuingor running into the Houfe or Office of every Perffin making fuch Default; and that the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall be due and in arrear from fuch Perfonor Perfons to the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succtffors,

(hall and may be recovered by the faid Company, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfons liable to pay the fame, in the fame Manner a< Rents referved in common Demifes mav by Law be recovered; and if any Perfon fhall lay or caufe to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any Main or other Pipe belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, without fuch Conlent having been obtained as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay to the faid Company of Proprietors, and their Succefibrs, the Sum of Twenty Shillings tor every Day fuch Pipe ffiall fo remain; fuch Sum to be recovered by DiHrds and Sale, as laft aforefaid.

XIII. Provided always. That all fuch Inhabitants to whom any fuch Power for in-Leaden Pipe or Pipes as aforefaid ffiall belong, ffiall be at Liberty to re-move and take away the fame, together with the Cock or Cocks thereunto belonging.

XIV.Provided always, and be it further enacted,That anyGround or High- ^ll*}a)bsebr®,,,' way which ffiall or may be opened or broken up by the laid Company of fec"c’et^ e Proprietors and Occupiers refpe&ively, for laying, taking up, or repairing any Main or Common Pipe within fuch feveral Diftricts and Places, by virtue of this Aft, ffiall be filled in, and the Rubbiffi thereby occafion^d carried away as foon as conveniently may be, and in the meantime ffiall be fenced or guarded, fo as that the fame may not be dangerous to Pafiengers or Cattle; and the Pavement and Ground, and all Things that ffiall have been removed, ffiall alfo be made good as foon as conveniently may be by the faid Company of Proprietors, in cafe of the faid Ground being opened for laying, taking up, or repairing any Main Pipe, and at the Expence of the refpetfive Occupiers opening the faid Ground, for laying, taking up, or repairing any Communication Pipe: Provided always, that if there ffiall he any wilful or negligent Delay in the faid Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the faid Company, or in any of the faid Occupiers, in taking up or repairing any of the faid Main Pipes, or any of the faid Communication Pipes, or in filling in or removing the Rubbiffi thereby occafioned, or in fencing or guarding the Place or Places which ffiall be fo opened, or in making good the Pavement, Ground, and ocher Things which ihall have been removed, that then, and in every fuch Cafe the faid Company and their Agents, and the Occupiers lefpedtively, ffiall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That whenever R?gulations it Ihall be found neceffary by fuch Company cf Proprietors, their Agents, or Workmen, to lay down Pipes for the Porpofc of convey i*ng Water un- Turnpike* * der any Part of any Turnpike Roads, fuch Pipes ffiall be laid down on the Sides of the faid Roads only, and as near the Footpath as can be, unlefs in Gales where the Intervention of a Common Sewer, or other unavoidable Hindrance or Obftrudtion, ffiall make a Deviation ablolutely neceffary, or

where

20

m no-aoHO^^

48°'GEORG 11 III.'' • Caf. 99J"

where it fhail b. nectflary for me Purpose of c^rryinf Pip s' Jicrdfs the fill Roads for Hie Puipofes ol Cummim.cation v:	.Mam	Pip.	<i:kV	:ht

ServictPipesfo laiddown on the Sides of the tala Roads, orL:lidch'P,^cTfo communifcde from-tire Main of.Service Pipes xq. jh^fjfoufcs m bc*fupplied thercirom, oi where the Confent of theTruftoes of fuch R baps’reTp-fu vdy fhail beobtamed to laydown Pipes other wife than hembdirecVd to be gi#n at the next General or Special Meeting of luch Truttees.refpidively whieii fhail be held next-after -any Application made by fuel) Company: f Proprietors 'ior that Purpuie-, and in cafe any,Inch Pipe or Pip-s ihali be laid‘down ether wife: than as aforefaid, then the Surveyor, or Surveyors^ to the laid Truflees refpe£Vively (hall give Notice thereof to the (aid Company of Proprietors, or.their Agent or Agents, to take up and remove , the fame; and in cafe they fhali neglebt or refute, for the Space of Twenty-four Hours alter fuch Notice, to take up and remove fuch pipe or Pipes, then it fhail be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Paid Truftees refpeclively, and fuch other Pcxfon and Perfons as he and .they fhail appoint, by an Order in Writing under the Hands of any Tvvp or mpre Juftices of the Peace acting in and ior the County in which the. fa|J Roads lay, to take up and. remove all and every luch Pipe and Pipes ^ art A whenever it lhall be'found neceflary by fuch Company of Proprietors, the r Agents or Workmen, to open the Ground in or under any Part of the laid Roads for the Puipbfe of laying and amending their Water,Pipes pr Plugs, the fame Hull be done, and the Ground filled up and rammed in, and’che Rpacjs niade^aod as expeditioufiy as the Circuruflances will admit of, at the Expertce'of fuch Company of Proprietors j and ill the meamime'fuch Agents or Workmen fo opening the Ground, lhall fecure the relpecliVe Parts thereof iH fuch Manner as to prevent any Damage or Inconvenience happenjng to > Puffer-gers, Cattle, or Carriages, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Hour that the Ground lhall remain open or not lc-cured in Manner aforefaid-, and that whenever it fhail happen by the burfting,' breaking, or leaking of any fuch Pipe cr Pipes, the Water fhail overflow any Part of the laid Kpad fo as to occafion any Danger oi lnco.n-veniei ce to Pafienger.-, Cattle,-or Carriages, and the fa id Company oi\Pro-r	prietors	of	Jtich Waierwo k$, or their Agent or Agents, fhail, after

Twenty-four Hours Notice thereof, neglect to do what lhall be necc fljiry to remedy the Danger and Inconvenience, arifiog therefrom, it fhail be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Roads respectively to do what he or they fltall judge icquifite to drain oft’the Water, ana,to prevent any Danger or Inconvenience therefrom in future, the Exp-rice whereof, and of taking up and removing fuch Pipe or Ppes, and of making, good the Damage done to the Roads, to be afee/cained by Two fuch Jiiflice<;,-.or any other Two Juliices of the Peace for the County in whijeh the faid Roads lay,' fhalR be reimtfurfbd to luch Surveyor or Surveyors by fuch Company of Proprietors; all.which refpeclive Forfeitures and Sums lhall and may from Time toTime.be recovered of and fom the Treafurer, Glcrk, or Agent, to the Lid Company of .proprietors, in fuch Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Ait of1 the laid recited Ads to be recovered; and the lame, when fo recovered, (hall from Time to Time be paid tb -the laid Tiuftets. rcfpcdively, or the Tteafurer or freafurers for the Rime-being,and Paaji be-applied fty* ai>d towards amending the faid Roads rcfpedtivtly.	Vi	t	■	,	.	ta	/

XVI. And.

48*GEORGII III. Cap.99.	1889

XVI.	And be it further enaftf-d, Tint no Pipe or Pipes fhill be laid

down under the faid Koads whirh (b ill prevent the Draining of the Water pp s which off the fa id Roads and m no Cafe of lefs Depth than Twelve Inches be-low the S'jrfa e of the Ground f»intended to be opened, meafured from vv.ueroff the the upper Side of fuch Pipe or Pipes.	JUad*.

XVII.	An I be it further enabled, That nothing in this Ad contained Affac”^° fh ill txrerd or br conitrurd to exrend to g>ve to or invert the faid Corn- p0* rsof p.nv of P op iecors, or any other Perfon orPerfons whomfoeves with any

Right, Powe>, or Authority, which may at all inteifere with the Rights, ^.Road*. Pown s, Autn r i s, or Provirtons heretofore grante i by an Aft, p-ffed in the Twr- tv-fixih Ye r of the Reign of His prefent Majerty, intituled. An Atf fo makings widen >g. and keying in Repair, certain Ro <ds in the federal Pur.Jh:.- of L n b tn, Newington, Saint George S mrhwark, Berm -ndfry, and Ch rtt Church, in the County of Surrey, and for Hatching and lighting the faid Roads; a d by an Aft, parted in the Fortv-feventh Year of the R ign of His prefent Majelty, intituled, An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of the Twenty fxtb Tear of His prefent Majejly, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parifo s of Lambrth, Newingon, Saint George Southwark, B rmondfey, and Chritf Church in tbe County cf Si.my, and for watching and lighting the faid Roads; and alio of a . Aft, p^fFd in the Fo:ty-fccond Year of the Reign ot H;s | relent Majefty, intituled. An Aft for r pealing an Aft pajfd in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majtfly King George the Third, for mere effeftually repairing the Rea s leading from the Stone’s End in B'ackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgaie in the County cf Si;Hex, and feveral other Roads therein mov-tioned, and for granting other Powers for thoje Purpofes.

XVIII.	Provided always, and he it further enafted, That if any PerDn Penalty on or Pei Ions whofoever, fuppbed with Water by virtue of this Aft, rtvallfup-

ply any other Inhabitant or any other Pirfcn whomfoever, with any Part of iv ter. f„p-fuih Wa'tr, or if any Pcnoi or Perfons whofoever Ihall wilfully let off or ^mi'on Perfot* caule to r« n to Warte any Water Irom any of the Pipes or other Convt- w,if,l!y letting niencics <f the laid Proprietors then in every fuen Csfe every Perfon fo off the Water, offending fhali f >r every fuch Off nee forfeit and pay to the faid Company any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in like M nn r as any Pcn dty or Foif iture can or may bv virtue of this Aft be recovered ; and it (ball alio be lawful tor the faid Company cf Proprietors, if they Ihall fo think fir, alio to t.ike off the Wafer from the Houle or Office of every Perlon lo offending, for every luch Offence.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That it fhali and maybe law- in cafe of Fire, ful to and for any Perfon or Pcrlons to make u!e of and employ the Water a"v?eiionmay Contained m any cf the Refervoirs, Balons, Ponds, or Pipts belonging to wfh'm'com-

. the faid C-mpany of Proprietors, for the Pur pole of extinguifhing and pvnutioa. quenching any Fire or Fires which may happen or break out many Houfe,

Building, or other Premifes, without making any Compenfation or Sans-fiftion for the fame to the laid Company of Pioprictors, or an-y oilier Per-fen or Pe ions whomfoever.

XX.	Provided neverthelefs. That no-hing herein contained (hall extend Perton* t-ilchw or be eonftmied to extend lo as to fuhi ft any Jfaibifc or Pcilons whom- **»rWat .may

LLm. fcf Per.]	21 N	ioever	othcr*

i8qo	48° GEORGII III. Cap.99.

when hep?*" ^*ocvcr Applied with Water by virtue of this Ad, to any Penalty or For-»rso;tof>VC* fciture fur fupplying any other Perfon or Perfons, alfo fupplied with Wa-Rep... ter by virtue of this Ad, with any Quantity of fuch Water during fuch Time as the Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks belonging to any other Perfon or Perfons fupplied with Water by the faid Company of Proprietors, ffiall or may happen to be out of Repair*, fuch Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, nevertheltfs being repaired as foon as polfible after any Damage (hall happen theieio.

the ^-^* -And, in order to prevent as much as poffible the wilful and negll-Rec ptiJn cfG gent Waftc of Water, be it further enaded, That each and every Perfon Water. fupplied with Water by the faid Company, fhail, and he, ffie, and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Ciftern or Cifterns of Lead, Brick, Wood, or other Materials, to receive an i h Id fuch Quantity of Water as ffiall be by him, her, or them deemed Sufficient for h:s, her, or their Confumption; and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or caufe to be affixed the fame to the Pipeconduding the Water from the Main Pipe belonging to the faid Company, to fuch Ciftern or Cifterns, for the Purpofeof preventing the Water, running into fuch Ciftern or Cifterns, from running to wafte when the fame fhail be full; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons lupplicd with Water by the (aid Company, (hall negled to provide fuch C item or Cifterns, and alfo a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or caufe to be affixed the fame ;n Manner aforefaid, for the Purpofe of preventing the Water from running to wafte when fuch Ciftern or Cifterns ffiall be filled as aforefaid, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company, or any P.r on or Perfons ading by virtue or under their Authority, to cut and turn off the Water, by; fuch Ways and Means as to him or them ffiall feesi right or proper, from the Houfe, Building, or other Premifes of every fuch Perfon, until fuch Ciftern or Cifterns and Bail or Stop Cock ffiall be provided, and ' fuch Ball or Stop added in Manner aforesaid.

C&nipeTiy to

enter Fie-m;fes, to fee

no Watte ot Water.

XXII. And be it furth.r enaded, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Engineer or any other Perfon or Perfons ading by or under the Authority of the laid Company cf Proprietors, or of their Committee, at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, upon giving Twenty-four Hour> previous Notice of his cr their Intention, to enter into any Houfe, Building, or other Premiles fupplied with Water by the faid Company of Proprietors, in order to infped and examine if there be any Wafte, undue Diver-fion, or improper Appropriation of the Water fo fupplied by the faid Company of Proprietors; and if fuch Engineer, or other Perfon ading by or under the Authority of the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee, ffiall at any fuch Time cr Times, after having given fuch Notice as aforefaid, be refufed Admittance or Entrance into any fuch Dwelhng-houfe. Building, or other Premifes, for the Purpofe of making fuch Infpec-tion and Examination as aforefaid, cr, on being admitted, ffiall be obftrud-cd in, cr prevented from making fuch Inipedion and Examination as aforefaid, then and in every fuc 1 Cafe it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to cut and turn off, or caufe to b cut and turned off the Water fupplied by the faid Company of Proprietors, from fuch Houle, Building, or other Premifes.

XXIII. And

48°GEORGII m.	Cap:99.	1891

XXII?. And, in order to prefervethe Warer to be conveyed into the fe-vrrai Buil tings and Piernifcs clefcn and wholcfbme, be it furrher enadted, e'e-m a^d That it any Per l"m thill bathe in any Refervoir, Baton, or Pond made or wholcfoms. maintained by virtue of this Adt; or walh any Dog or other Animal therein, or brail cait, throw, or put any Dog, or otheT Animal, or any Filch, Dirt, or o.he noifome or often live Thing, or wath or cleanfe any Cloth, or any Wool, Leather, or the Skin of any Sheep, Lamb, or other Animal, or any noif me or offenfive Thing, in any fuch Refervoir, Baton* or Pond; or cauie, permf, or fuffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Dram, to run or be conveveJ into any fuch Refervoir, Baton, or Pond, or caufe ary orher Annoyance to be done to the laid Water contained in any fuch Refervoir, Baton, or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the faid Water or any Part thereof lhall or may be foiled, rendered foul or corrupted i then and in each and every fuch Cafe, every fuchPerfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Property of, and in rhe Jlh«uSdS

Undertakings and Works by rl is Aft authorized to be made and executed, taking vetted. [Inject as ereinafter mentioned, lhall be, and the fame is hereby veiled in inthe Com* the laid Company uf Proprietor.'.	pany*

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful for Enabling the the faid Company of Proprietors for the Time being to raife the Sum of Jhe&m* Fourteen thoufand Pounds, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as they fromTime of 14,000 1. br to Time lhall think ht, by creating fuch Number of new or additional ^^sharM* Shares of One hundred Pounds each in the laid Canal and Waterworks of »oo*L each, authorized to be made by the laid recited Acts and this Adt, as they [hall

think requifite for the Purpofes aforera*d, cither arrionglt themfelves, or by difpofing of the fame to any Perfon or Perfons whomtoever, fof any Sum not iefs than One hundred Pounds fur each Share.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled. That the faid Share? lhall be and Such Share* are hereby veiled in the fevers) Perfons fo fubferibing, and their feveral and ’tiVp^u# reipectivc Executors, Adminiltracors, Succdtors, and Aligns, to their and fabftribing. every cf their own Ufe and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they lhall leverally raile and contribute.

XXVIl; And be it further enabled, That the faid new Shares, and the D’rectin* ho» Sum and Sums of Money to be fubfcribed in refpedt thereof, lhall be paid tlons'ihau m by Inftalments of Ten Pounds per Centum upon luch new Shares, at the paid, end cf every Two Months, until the whole cf the Money fo fubfcribed lhall be paid unto fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at luch Place, as the Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors (lull appoint and direct, the F rlt Payment thereof tobe made or. the Full Day o‘ July next after the palling of this Adi* and that if any Perfon or Perfons lhall negledl or retufe to pay the faid Inftalments at the Times afortfaid, and at the Place appointed by the faid Committee, or within Twenty-one Days nexr afterwaids, he, fhe, or they, fo neglecting or rtfufing, lhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Share, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjier, by the laid Company of Proprietors; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Pcrions (hall continue to neglect or refufe to pay any of fuch Inftalments for the Space of Six

Calender

1894

48° GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 99.

upon the feveral principal Sums of Money which (hall be borrowed and received in purfuance of this Aft; and then in reducing, paying off, and dil'charging the feveral principal Sums of Money which fhall be borrowed and ftcured in purfuance of this Aft, equally, and without any Preference or Priority as to the Dates of the Securities or otherwife; and that the Refidue of fuch Profits and Produce fhall from Time to Time be applied and difpofed of as the Gains and Probes of the laid Canal and collateral Cuts and other Works are by the laid recited Afts, or either of them, directed to be applied and difpofed.

47 Geo.ns XXXI. And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors were by the faid 60F00recited Aft paffed in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, authorized to jaile the Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by creating new or additional Sharts of One hundred Pounds each, or at fuch other Rate as they might thi nk proper; and ic was alfo by the fame Aft enacted, that it Ihouid and might be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they were thereby authorized and empowered, at any General or Special Alfembly to be holden or convened in the Manner, and agreeably to the Directions contained in the faid laft mentioned Aft, or for their Committee for the Time being, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, in order to raife the faid Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds, or fo mu.h thereof as ihouid be deemed requifite, in the Manner and fubjeft to the Regulations thereinafter mentioned, fothat no Call Ihouid exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Share in the faid Undertaking, and fo that no Call Ihouid be made at a lefs Diftance than One Month from the preceding Cal), and that the Money fo caihd for fbould be paid to fuch Perfon or Pcrlons, and in fuch Manner as the laid Gene ral or Special Aficmbly or Committee lhall from Time to Time appoint and direft; and that all and every the Owners or Owner of one or more Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking Ihouid pay his, her, and their Share or Shares or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as afore la id, at fuch Time and Place and in fuch Manner as Ihouid be ; ppoinxed as aforefaid, and of which Time and Place Twenty Days Noth e Ihculd be given, by publilhing thclame in ore or more Newfpapers pub-Jilhed or ufually circulated in the faid County of Surrey, or in any Ovher Manner, as the faid Company of Proprietors fnculd at any General or Special Aflembly direft or appoint; and fuch Sum or Sums of Money as Ihouid be paid in refpeft ofeverySharc in the faid Undertaking Ihouid be, and the fame was and were thereby declared to be conioiidated with every iuch Share, and Ihoul'd entide the refpeftive Owners thereof to a proportion-able increafed Share of the Profits and Advantages of the faid Undertaking; and all Executors and Adm niftraiors were thereby empowered to pay their refpeftive Proportions of the laid Money to be called for as aforefaid, in refpeft: of the Share or Shares of their Teftators and Intelbtes refpeftively, and to charge the fame to the Accounts of the Eftate and Effects of fuch Teftators and Intellates refpeftively: And whereas Calls have been made upon the faid Proprietors purfuant to the faid Aft: And whereas it is expedient ihat 1b much of the laid recited Aft as direfts the Confolida-tion of the Sums advanced by the faid Proprietors on fuch Calls on their refpeftive original Sharts, with fuch Shares, Ihouid be repealed, be it therefore enaftrd, That fo much of the retired Aft: as direfts that the Sum and Sums of Money as lhall be paid in refpeft of every Share in the

faid

48'GEORGII III. Cap.99.	1895

faid Undertaking, fhould be confolidated with every fuch Share, fhall be ami the lame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpoles whatfoever.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted. That all and every the Body and Bodies ofoTiglln* Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all and every Perfon and Perform Shaie^nuver-whomloevcr, their feveral and refpcctive Succeflors, Executors, Adminif-

trators, and Afligns, who being entitled to any Share or Shares in the faid 60,0^0 l.Sio be Undertaking, by virtue of the laid recited Aft made in the Fvrty-fourth entitiodto new Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, and who Ihall have fubfcribed rid>e towards raifing the faid Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds to be railed in pur-fuance of the laid recited Ait made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, fhall have paid or caufcd. to have been paid the feveral Calls in order to raife the faid Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds in purfuanceof fuch Aft, fhall be, and he, the, and they, is and are hereby declared to be entitled to one Share in the faid Undertaking to be executed by the faid recited Afts and this Act, for, or in refpeft of every fuch original Share fo holden by him, her, or them; and that each and every Proprietor of each and every fuch additional Share, fhall be entitled to fuch and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and fhall be fub-jeft to fuch and the fame Rules, Regulations, Refbiftions, Penalties, 2nd Forfeitures, as if the Share or Shares fo holden by him, her, or them, were Part of the Shares already created by virtue of the laid hereinbefore mentioned or recited Afts, or either of them, and now veiled in the feveral and relpedive Proprietors of the faid Canal; and the Admiflion of all and every Perfon and Per font to any fuch new Share or Shares, by any Order or Rc-folution of the faid Company of Proprietors, fhall be and be deemed to be a good and effcftuai Title to fuch Perfon or Perfon?, and his, her, or their refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators, and Affigns ; and fuch new or additional Shares Ihall be faleable and transferable in the fame or the like Manner as the 01 iginal Share and Shares is and are by the faid hereinbefore mentioned or recited Afts, or cither of them, made faleable and transferable.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every fuch new or ad- The new ditional Shares in the faid Canal and collateral Cuts, and all and every the Shares in the faid Waterworks, (hall be and be deemed to be Pcrfonal Psrfunal Eft ate, and Ihall be tranfmiffible as fuch, and fhall not be of the Nature of Eltace-Real Property.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That it Ihall and may be lawful to The co-rpany

and for the faid C »mpany of Propiietois to advance and pay to the Pro- may p«v Inte-prietoror Propdetors of any Share or Shares of the faid Canal already or proprietor of to be created by virtue of this Aft, by and out of the Profits of the faid each share, nt Canal, and the Money already received and hereafter to be railed under the	sl*

Powers contained in the faid recited Afts, or either of them, Intereft after

the Rare of Five Pounds for a Year, for every One hundred Pounds already advanced, or which may hereafter be advanced for or in refpeft of fuch Shares, and fo in Proportion for a lefs Sum than One hundred Pounds; fuch Intereft to commence from the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feven, on the Sums then advanced, and on the Sums which fhall be advanced af.tr the palling cf this ■Aft, from the advancing of the fame, and 10 be paid on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Tweniy-ninth Day of September in every Year.

1	XXXV. And,

1896

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 99.

XXXV.	And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviftion of Offenders againft. this Aft, he it further enafted, That every Juftice of the Peice, before whom any Pcrfon fliall b- convifted. of any Offence againft this Aft, fhall and may caufe the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

Form of Con- * psE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

u',1°n'	‘ in the Year of our Lord	A. B. is convifted

* before me C.D. One of His Majftly’s Juft ires of the Peace for the ‘ County of	[fpecifying	the	Offence, and the Time and Place

‘ when and where committed, as the Cafe may be~\ contrary to an Aft, pafied

*	in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, ‘ [here fet forth the Title of the A£f\. Given under my Hand and Seal

*	the Day and Yearfirft above mentioned.’

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons who, in any Exa-«f Fcljury.'t} mination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Aft, fhall wilfully give

falfe Evidence, or otheruife forfwear ihemfelves before any Jury or Committee aft;ng in the Execution of this Aft, lhall and may be piolecuted for the fame, and upon Conviftion thereof fhall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being fubjeft and liable to.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Afts, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Modes ot fettling Damagts and Compensations, Articles, Matters, and Things whatfoever therein refpeftively contained (fave and except fuch Parts of the fame as are hereby altered, varied, or rrpealed) fhall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared ro be in full Force and Efftft, and (hall be as good, valid, and effeftual for carrying this Aft into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to ail Intents andPurpcfes whatfoever, as if the fame had been repeated and rt-enafted in this Aft.

Forp^y'ngthe	XXXV11I. And be it further enafted, That 'he Cofts and Charges of

Ei.X?Act’S °* obtaining and paffing this Ac;, and all other Colts, Cnarges, and Expencrs Ul- c • concerning the fame, ftul! be borne, paid, ard defrayed by the Lid Company of Proprietors, cut ot any Money already railed or received, or out of the firft Money to be raifed or leceived by virtue of the laid recited Afts.

Public A£t. XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and lhall be judicially takra Notice of ..s fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecialJy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an. Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 1808.

Powers r-f former Acts

Uiis Ait.

i

fr

of

rd

bf

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 100.

An Adi for enlarging theTerms and Powers of feveral Adis for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kil-bourne Bridge, and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Ijlington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, ip. the County of Middle-Jex.	[3d	June	1808.J

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of King George the Firft:, intituled, 41 An Act for repairing 7 G. r. c.a6* the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in *4 the County of Middlefex’’ feveral Tolls, Duties, and Powers were thereby given and granted for repairing the faid Road; which faid Act was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years:

And whereas the faid Act was, by one other Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Sea ;j, intituled,

4< An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an A£t paffed in 8 G. a. c. 8, 44 the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft,

44 for repairing the Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in •f the County of Middlefex, and for paving that Part of the Road caiied 4> Oxford-Street f continued from the Expiration of the faid Term for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and divers other Provifions and Powers were by the faid laft-mentioned Act made and given for the better Repair and Improvement of the faid Read, and for paving chat Part of the Road called Oxford-Street, and for other Pur-pofes in the laid Act exprefled: And whereas by another Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty King George the Second, intituled, 44 An Ad to enable the 29 G. a. refpedive Truftees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Higb~c‘%8*

«4 gate Gate-Houfe, and Hampjlead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to KiU [Loc.tf Per.]	11	P	“ bourne



1898

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

“ bourne Bridge, in rhe County of Middlefex, to make a new Road from the “ great Northern Road at IJlington, to the Edge-ware Road near Pad-“ dingtcn ; and alfo from the North End of Porlland-Street, crofs the “ Farthing Pye-Houje Fields, into the faid new Road j and for enlarging <f the Terms and Powers, granted by two feveral Afts, for repairing the “ faid Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridgefeveral Tolls or Duties and Powers were given to the refpective Truftees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Higbgate, Gate‘Houfe, and Hanrpjlead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of Middlefexy ro make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Iflington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington ; and alfo from the North End of Portland Street, * crofs the Farthing Pye Houfe Fields, into the faid new Road -t and the Powers granted by the faid firft recited Acts enlarged, and the Terms thereof continued for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years: And whereas by another Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His 23 G. 3. prefent Majrfty King George the Third, intituled, “An Aft for en-*f larging the Terms and Powers of two Afts made in the Seventh Year “ of the Reign of King George the Firft, and the-Eighth Year of the 4C Rrign of King George the Second,, for repairing the Road from Saint <c Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridget and for paving Oxford Road j and <c alfo of an Aft made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the “ Second, to enable the refpeftive Truftees of the Turnpike Roads .t( leading to Higbgate Gate-Houfe} and Hamfjlead, and from Saint tl Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the great Northern “ Road at IJlingtony to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, fo far as the “ fame is by the faid Aft directed, to be under the Management of the 6t Trufteesof the faidTwo firft mentioned Acts;” the Powers granted by the faid firft recited Acts were enlarged and continued from the Expiration of the faid recited Acts, for and during the further Term of Five Years, and from and after the Expiration of the faid additional Term of Five Years, then for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from That the thence to the End of the then next Scftion of Parliament: And Truftees have whereas the Truftees appointed in and by virtue of the faid firft a fled and Two recited Acts, and of the faid laft recited Act, have, from Time to borrowed Time, proceeded in the Execution thereof, and alfo in the Execution of the thatTfiV Mo- kid recited Act of the T wenty-ninth Year of George the Second, fo far as the nies io bor- fame is by the faid Act directed to be under their Care and Management, rowed cannot and have borrowed a confiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the be repaid, t0]]s and £)utjcs thereby granted, which Money cannot be repaid, nor I'enewed^and the faid Roads kept in repair, unlefs the Terms and Powers granted by further *	the faid Acts be further continued and enlarged : May it pleafe your Ma-

Poweri.	jefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s molt Ex-

cellent Mijefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affem-bled and by the Authority of the lame. That the faid recited Acts, and Continuation a)j a*n(j cvcry the Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Exemptions, for'a* Yea™ p nalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained rclpec-from'theEx- lively, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as relate to any Exemptions pirat.on from Stamp Duties, and fave and except fuch as are hereby varied, altered, thcrof.andthe or rCpeaicd,) (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be in full Force fbenecth°Year and Effect, and (hall have Continuance for and during the Term hercin-under *6 after mentioned, and (hall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying G.3. given this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if to tbis Aft.	10	the

480 GEORGII III. Cap. 100.	1899

the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Bod/ of this prefcnt Act, this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, fhall be fubject and liable, as well to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the faid recited Acts, or any of them, or on rhe Tolls thereby refpectively granted, as alfo to the Payment of all Sums which may be hereafter borrowed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Acts and this Act, and of the Intereft due and to grow due for the fame refpectively.

II.	And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid recited Act Trultees may made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His prefcnt Majeftv,

as directs that as often as any of the Truftees (hould die, or remove out Cafe of of the County of Middlefex, or City of London, or {hould not attend and Death or ad in the Execution of this Ad for the Space of Two Years, or fhall 5.emovaI* refufe to ad, fuch Refufal bring fignified in Writing to a Board of Truf- adlin^tocoa^ tees, at their public Meeting, by the Truftees fo refilling to ad, it fhall unue? be lawful for the furviving or remaining Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to appoint any Perfon living in the hid County of MtddlefeXy or City of London, a Truftee, in the Room of fuch Truftee fo dying, removing, not attending, or refufing to ad ; and every Perfon fo appointed fhall and may ad in the Execution of this Ad, as fully as any Truftee hereby appointed, is empowered to ad •, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for Truft-es at the faid Truftees, at their third Meeting, to be holden after the pa fling of their firft this Ad, todiredand appoint fuch a Number of Perfons qualified in Man- Meeting to ner direded by the faid recited Ad made in the Twenty-third Year of the eie^neJ0 Reign of His prefcnt Majefty, as they the faid Truftees fhall chink right and Truftee^ proper as Truftees for carrying the faid recited Ads and this Ad, into Exe- to make up cution, fo as th» whole Number ofTruftees for carrying the laid recitedAds theJr

and this Ad, into Execution, fhall not exceed One Hundred,and fuch Perfons ^hkhNum fo eleded and appointed, fhall be added to and joined with the prefent Truf- ber fhall Unoc tees, and fhall have fuch and rhe like Powers and Authoiities,for carrying the at any Time faid recited Ads and this Ad into Execution, and fhall enjoy fuch and the hereafter be like Privileges and Exemptions, and fhall be fubjed and liable to the like exceeded* Rules, Regulations and Rcftridions, as if they refpedively had been eleded or appointed by virtue of the faid recited Ads, or any of them.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That upon the Death or Refufal or Dif- ya -ability of any of the	faid Truftees, eleded or appointed by virtue of	the	Death of*	^

faid recited Ads and	this Ad, or any of them or of their Succeffors, to be	Truitees, or

eleded in Manner herein mentioned ; or in cafe he or they fhall not be negleftingto refident in the County of Middlefex, or City of London, or fhall.not attend TwoVcaw and ad in the Execution of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, for the to be filled up Space of Two Years j then and in every fuch Cafe, it fhall and may hy the re-be lawful to and for the furviving or remaining Truftees, from Time to ™a,ninS Time, to eled and appoint One other Perfon to be a Truftee in the Room rullees* of each Truftee, fo dying, refufing, or being incapable of ading, or not being refident in the County of Middlefex, or City of London, or not attending and ading in the	Execution of the laid recited Ads and this Ad,	for

the Space of Two	Years, and'Notice of the Time and Place of	the

Meeting for every fuch Elcdion, fhall be figned by the Clerk to the faid

Truftees

1900

No A a (ex-

fpecially provided for) to be valid, un-lefs done at a Meeting.

Chairman to have the calling Vote.

The old Tolls on the Road from St. Giles’s Pound to Kil-boorne repealed, and new Tolls fubftituted.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10o.

Truftees for the Time being, and (ball be affixed on all and every rhe Turnpikes that (hall be (landing on the faid Roads, Fourteen Days at leaft, before fuch Meeting; and every Perfor. fo ele6ted a new Trqftee as afore-faid, fhall be, and he is hereby empowered to a6l in the Execution of the faid recited Adis and this Aft, to ail Intents and Purpofes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Truftee in whofe Room or Stead he fhall have been fo elefted.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no A 61 of the faid Truftees (hall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, except the fame be done at fome Meeting to be holden in purfuance of the faid recited A6ls and this A61, or any of them (except as may be therein or herein excepted), and all the Powers and Authorities by the faid recited A6ls and this Aft, granted to the faid T ruftees, (hall and may be exercifed from Time to Time by the major Part of them, who (hall be prefent at fuch Meetings refpeftively, the Number of Truftees prefent at every fuch Meeting not being lefs than Five ; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Truftees prefent at fuch their feveral Meetings, (hall have the fame Force and Effc6t as if the fame were made or done, by all fuch Truftees for the Time being, (fave and except as may be therein and herein except* cd) ; and at every Meeting of the faid Truftees a Chairman fhall and maybe appointed ; and when and as often as it (hall fo happen that there (hall be an Equality of Votes at any fuch Meeting, upon any Queftion (including the Vote of the Chairman), then 'and in every fuch Calc, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Chairman to give the decifive or calling Vote; any Thing in the faid recited A6ts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas it would be beneficial if the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken on the faid Road, from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, (which now, in fome Inftances, differ from thofe authorized to be demanded and taken on the Road made and formed under and by virtue of the laid recited A6t of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, from the great Northern Road at IJlington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington ; and alfo from the north End of Portland Street, crofs the Farthing Eye Boufe Fields, into the faid new Road), were the fame as thofe lo authorized to be taken by virtue of the faid lad mentioned A6t, fo far as the fame are by the faid laft mentioned A6t dire6ted to be under the Care and Management of the Truftees of the faid firft recited A6ts.

VII.	Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all and every the Toils or Duties which now are payable at any Gate or Gates erected, or to be erected by virtue of the laid recited Act, or of this Act, upon any Part of the laid Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, by the faid firft recited Acts of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, and of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, or by virtue of the faid recited Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, or either of them, directed to be repaired, and kept in repair, ftiall ceafe and be no longer payable, and that in lieu and inftcad thereof the Tolls or Du ties following (hall and may thenceforth be demanded and taken before any Cattle or Carriage (hall be permitted to pals through any fuch Toll

Gate,

igor

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

Gate, (that is to fay,) for every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs drawing, or not drawing, the Sum of One Penny ; for every Drove of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Two-pence per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter Number ; for every Drove of Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Penny per Score, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter Number; which faid Tolls or Duties fnall be re-fpectively paid before any fuch Carriage or Cattle as aforefaid hereby made fubject or liable therero, (hall be permitted to pafs fuch Turnpike Gate or Gates as aforefaid; and the faid Trudees, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they, or any Seven or more of them, or in cafe of letting the faid Tolls their Leflee or Leflees diall authorize or appoint, (hall have the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for demanding, collecting, recovering, and levying the faid re-fpective Tolls and Duties hereby made payable ; and the faid Tolls (hall be fubject to the fame R (frictions, in refpect of the fame Tolls and Duties not being payable more than once in a Day, or within the Hours mentioned for the Payment thereof, as are mentioned and contained in the laid recited A£ts or anv of them, fave and except as may be herein excepted, altered, or varied.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act no Toll (hall be demanded or received for any Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or re-turni-.g laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the faid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parifhes or Places in which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, or anv Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Com-poft of any Kind, (Chalk and Lime excepted,) for the manuring of any Lands or Grounds in the feveral Pari(hes wherein the feveral Roads lie, upon which the faid Truttees are empowered to erect any Gate or Gates for receiving and taking Tolls by the faid recited Acts, and this Act, or any of them granted; or any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, not fold or difpofed of, coming from the faid Lands and Grounds, but to be laid up in the Houfes, Out*houfes, Yards, or on the Premifcs of the Owner or Owners thereof; or for any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Hu (band ry ufcd in cultivating fuch Lands and Grounds ; or for any Horfe, or other Bead or Cattle going to, or returning from Water or Pafture in the faid Parilhes, or any of them ; or for any Horfes, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatfoever Defcription, employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefles under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmaftcr-Gencral, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame ; or for the Horfes of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horfes, or other Beatts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of fuch Soldiers; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding furnifhed by or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercife, provided fuch Perfons are in the Uniform of their refpective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpectively at the Time of claiming fuch Exemptions ; or for any Carriage, Horfe, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Paffcs; nor lhail any Toll be demanded or taken for or in relpect [Loc. &Fer.J	21	3^	of

Exemptions from Toll.

1902

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 100:

of any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Paffenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Middlejex, on the Day or Davs of fuch Election, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Election fhall begin or be concluded ; arid if any Perfon fhall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforefaid, not being entitled to the fame, or fhall make ufe of any Fraud whatfoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the faid recited Acts, and this Act, or any Part thereof, fhall be evaded, every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which fhall be paid to the faid Truftees, and fhall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Acts, and of this Act.

Recital, that IX. And whereas, through the great Increafe of Inhabitants on the Perfcns make faid Road, and in the Parifhes and Places adjoining thereto, and of the paffin^and^ Trade an^ Traffic carried on by Cartage, upon and over the faid Roads, Repairing n hath become a Pra&ice for Pcrfons concerned in fuch Trade or ofien in one Traffic, to pafs and repafs in, over, and through the faid Roads, and Day with the the Toll Gates and Bars created thereon, feveral Times within one Day, lader teethe w*£h Carts and other Carriages, heavily laden, whereby the faid Road Detriment of is greatly worn and ufed, and fuch Pcrfons are not, by the faid recited the Road; Afts, or any of them, liable to pay any further or other Toll than once

notVovv^ 3re *n ^ ^0Ur^e eaC^ D^-liable to pay

more than	X. Be it therefore enabled. That it mail	and may be lawful for	the

once in a	Truftees of the faid Highways or Roads, for	the Time being, from	and

that it is rea a^er l^c Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred fonable they and nine, to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, fhculd be fuch Tolls or Duties as are, by the faid recited A<ffs and this A<£t, or any made liable 0f lficni> payable, in refped: of the fame, palling a firft Time through to pay twice. any ^ Toll Gates, for any Horfe or Horfes, Cattle or other fhaMhev"1’ Btaft or Bcato> drawing any loaded Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Dray, for ihali pay for the firft, fecond, and third Time, that fuch Waggon, Cart, Wain, or the firft and Dray, ihall pafs loaded through any fuch Turnpike, Toll Gate or Toll fecond Time Qatcs. provjdcd ncverthelefs, That no Perion who fhall have paid leaded!1*' Toll at any onc Toll Gatc> on a"y Bart tlie fa'd Roads» fhall Net to* pay at be liable to pay any Toll for palling with the fame Waggon, Cart, mere than Wain, or Dray, loaded with the fame Load, or on returning from de-one Gate,	livering fuch Load and empty, through any	other Toll Gate on the	faid

f °f °rreturn	R°ads, through which the Toll fo firft paid, would, before the palling

ing"entity, ’ of this Afl, have intitled him or her to pals without further Payment; •I rulteei. but on producing a Note or Ticket, denoting fuch Payments, fhall be permitted to pals with the fame Carriage, Cattle, and the fame Load ; or empty, on returning from delivering fuch Load, through fuch re-fpeflive Toll Gates and Turnpikes, as fuch Toll, fo firft paid, would, before the palling of this Aft, have cleared and intitled him to pafs through without any further Payments! nor fhall any Perfon be liable to pay Toll for the fame Waggon, Cart, Wain, Horfe, Marc, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, loaded or on returning from delivering fuch Load and empty, more than three Times in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on one Night, till Twelve of the Clock on the fucceeding Night.

XI. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.	*9°3

XI.	And whereas it hath lately become a Pra&ice to draw and carry in .Rehc"a^e^a‘ and along the faid Roads large and excefiive Loads of Cabbages, Po- Praftice to tatoes. Turnips, Grains, Walh, and other fuch like Articles, and the Per- draw unrea-fons conducting the fame having only a fhort Space to draw or carry fonableLoads fuch Loads, do unreafonably load their Carts, Waggons, or other Car- °fh^h a™1* riages, whereby the faid Roads are greatly injured and damaged, and exempc from it will be impracticable, unlefs fuch Practices are retrained and put an Toll, and End to, to keep the faid Roads in tolerable Repair: Be it therefore from being further enaCted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March wei*hea* One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all and every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Cam* and other Carriage whatfoever, which lhallgo, pafs, or travel in, through, &ca^hatfo-over or acrofs the faid Roads by the faid recited ACts, or any of them, ever, to be directed to be kept in Repair, fhall be liable to be weighed, and the Per- liable to be fon or Perfons owning or driving the fame, charged and chargeable with the Extra Tolls and Penalties charged upon Over-weight, by the feve- f0rOver-ral ACfs of Parliament made, and now in Force refpeding the Weights weigbi. allowed to be carried and drawn upon Roads; which faid Extra-Tolls and Penalties the faid Truftees, aCting under this and the faid recited ACts, or any of them, or any or either of them, are hereby empowered to demand and recover, and caufe to be demanded and recovered, in Manner as by the faid feveral ACts is provided and declared, without any Exemption therefrom, on any Account or Pretence whatfoever j and the faid Penalties and Extra-Tolls fhall be applied and paid by the faid Truftees as by the faid recited ACts and this prefent ACt is directed, with regard to the Tolls by the faid recited Act and this Act directed to be demanded and taken : Provided neverthelefs that nothing in this Act contained fhall Exemptions extend to fubject or make liable any Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Car- for Carts, riage with Six-Inch Wheels drawn by Three Horfes at the leaft, and ^c‘t^rawn laden with One Thoufand Bricks, and no more, to be weighed or charged, Horfe^with or chargeable with any Extra-Toll or Penalty on account of Over- Six-Inch weight, nor to fubject any Cart, Wain, or Waggon laden with Dung or Wheels, the Compoft for Manure to Overweight for any Amount of fuch Over- ^Jllies °f the weight lefs than Five hundred Weight.	whereof (hall

be of the

XII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Width °f Si* Truftees of the faid Highways or Roads for the Time being, from and Bouom"m*1' after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred leail, aid* and nine, to demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and taken, over carrying not and above the Tolls or Duties by the above recited Acts of Parliament, or more tl’an any of them, and by this Act payable in refpect of the fame, for every Cart, lo°° Bncts-Dray, or other fuch Carriage, drawn by One Horfe, in cafe the fame (hall o ' H r exceed the Weight o One Ton and Ten Hundred Weight in Summer, Cart to°be or One Ton and Seven Hundred Weight in Winter, iuch Sum and Sums liable to an for fuch Over-weight by which fuch Cart, Dray, or other Carriage with C)ltra Two Wheels (hall exceed the Weight of One Ton and Ten Hundred ZtLwli h Pounds in Summer, and One Ton and Seven Hundred Pounds Weight in and'the'8"'’ Winter, as by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Majcfty, or Amount of any fubfequent Act or Acts, are directed to be taken on Additional wl,at they Weights, as an Extra-Toll for the fame. And the Truftees of the lain Road for the Time being, and the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be by them appointed to collect or receive the faid Tolls or Duties are hereby authorized and empowered to ftop every fuch Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, at any Toll-Gate or Toll-Houfc, or Weighing-Houfc or Engine

IQ04

48° GEORGII III. Cap. too.

now erected, or hereafter to be erected on the faid Roads to weigh the fame.

Recital, that the Increafe of Inhabit-

render paving the Caufe ways necef-fary.

Truftees enabled to grant

Footways i their own Expence.

Truftees empowered to pave Channels and Drains, if tney think fit.

Monies ap-

U'e of the Koads to be raid to the Truftees. and applied j£» ar.d 10-

ibe Toils.

Perfcns liable

Read to remain liable.

Act t f 23 of

XIII.	And whereas, from theNnmber of Buildings erected on the Sides of the faid Roads, and the increafed Number of Inhabitants there, it has become expedient r'hac the Footways on the Sides of the faid Roads may be paved, and alfo that Channels and Drains mav be rmde, and paved with Stones on the Sides of the faid Roads, in divers Parts, for the better draining thereof, and more convenient patting of Fo it Paficngers ; but fuch Matters cannot be rfTected by reafon ‘ fthe Reftricrions contained in the faid rrciced Act of the Twrntv-third Year of the Reign of H s pre-fent Majttty, which Refraction it hath become expedient to remove, fo far as hereinafter mentioned: Beit therefore enacted. That it (ball and may be lawful to and for inch of the refpective Owners or Occupiers of any Houfe or Houfes, Lands, Hereditaments and Prcmifes within the Limits of this Act, as (ball think fit fo to do, by Licence from the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, being a Majority prefent at fotrie or One of their Public Meetings, to pave the Footway in Front of their refpective Houfes, Lands, Hereditaments and Prcmifes, in lurh Way, and with Inch Materials as by fuch Licence (ball be fpreified, but not other-wife, and which Pavements, when fo laid, and all Pavements already made, and the Materials uied, (ball be, and become vefted in and the P operty of the Truftees acting under this Act j and alfo that it (ball and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, at any of their Meetings, or the Majority of them then prefent, to direct and order, and to caufe fuch Channels and Watercourfes, and alfo fuch Croftings at the Ends of the Streets or Lanes opening into the faid Road, to be made, and paved along the Sides of the faid Roads, as they in their Difcretion (ball chink fit, and to pay and difeharge the Expence thereof, and of keeping the fame in Repair, out of the Monies to arife by virtue of this Act.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or lole, Truftees, Executors, Adminiftrators, or other Perfons or Pcrfon, who, by reafon of any Grant, Deed, Charter, Will, Bequeft, or otherwife, are liable to pay or apply any Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, arifing from the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Intereft arifing from any Monies in the Funds, or otherwife, in, for, or towards the Repairs of the faid Roads, or any of them, fball, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the Term by this Aft granted, pay over and account for to the faid Truftees or their Treafurcr, for the Time being, all fuch Sum or Sums of Money, Rents, and Intercfts, to be by them, the faid Truftees, paid, applied, and beftowed in like Manner as the Tolls arifing by virtue of the faid recited Adis and of this Adi, are drecled to be paid, applied, and beftowed j and that all and every fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Truftees, Executors, Adminiftrators, or other Perfon or Perfons, who, by reafon of Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfoever, or by any Right, Ulagc, or Cuftom whatever, are now liable to repair the faid Roads, or any Parc thereof (except in reflect of the Statute Duty, which, by the faid recited Adi of the Twenty-third Year of His prefent Majelly, is, with regard to the faid Roads, by the laid recited Adis and this Adi diredled to be repaired, abolilhed),

fball

ig°5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. too.

■ {hall'be and remain liable to do and effect the Tame, in like Manner, as if the laid recited Afts and this Aft had not been made.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons whom-Toever, (otherthan Tuch Water Company, or CommifTioners of Sewers,

or other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Corporate, a (Ting by or tinder the Authority of any Ad of Parliament) fhall or do, from and after the laid Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, during the Continuance of this Ad, take up any of the Pavements,, now or hereafter to be laid on the Foot Paths of • the faid Roads, or any way break up the Soil of the faid Roads, or the Foot Paths thereof, without the Licence of the faid Truftees, ora Majority of fuch Truftees, at fome or one of their public Meetings, fuch Majority not being lefs than Four in Number, or contrary to the Terms = and Conditions of any fuch Licence, every fuch Perfon ill a i 1 forfeit ■and pay for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ;Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered - in fuch other like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Ad, and fhall alfo remain liable to Profecution, by Adion or otherwife, for fuch Trefpafs; and it (hall and may be lawful for the-Surveyor to the faid Truftees, by Order, under the Hands of any Three of fuch Truftees, to fill up, or caufe to be filled, fuch Ground or Soil fo broken or dug up, and to ram down and make good the fame ..in a workmanlike Manner, and cover the fame with a good Coat of frefh Ballaft, and to relay and make good all fuch Pavements as fhall be fo taken up as aforefaid; and that all the reafonable Charges incurred in fo doing, fhall be paid and borne by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, on Demand thereof, made by the faid Surveyor to the Truftees, or other .Perfon by them authorized under the Hands of the faid Truftees, or any Three of them, to demand the fame, fuch Surveyor, or other Perfon, delivering an Account thereof in Writing, figned and allowed by fuch Truftees, or any Three of them ; and that if upon fuch Demand made, the Perfon or Perfons fo liable to pay the fame, (hall negledt or refufe to pay the fame for the Space of Three Days next after the fame fhall have been fo demanded as aforefaid, the fame fhall and may be levied and recovered in fuch other like Manner, as any Penalty can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Afb,

XVI.	And be it furtherena&ed by the Authority aforefaid,thatin allCafes where any Perfon or Perfons are by any A<T of Parliament whatfoever, au-

-thoFiled to break up any Part of the faid Roads or the Footpaths thereof, for Purpofts of laying or mending Water Pipes, or making or mending - Common or other Sewers, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall before he, flic, or they, (hall, after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March One. thoufand eight hundred and nine, fo break up or take up the fame, give Two Hours Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention fo to do, and of the Place where the fame is to be done, to the Surveyor of the faid Truftees, in order that he may view the faid Place, and take an Account of the State of the faid Road and Footpath and Pavement, if any, before fuch taking up or digging up of the fame fhall be begun ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, fhall take up any Part of fuch Road, Soil, or Pavement, without giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, then fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum £Loc. & Per.~}	21R	not

No Perfon, except Water Companies and Commif-

break open the Road,or Footpaths, or

Pavements, without Licence of T ruftees.

A Penalty of

40 8.

and alfo to remain liable for the Trefpafs.

Surveyor, by Order of Truftees, to make good the Injury, and the Offender liable to pay the Expences,

All Ptrfons having a Right to open the Ground of Road or Footpath, fhall give Two Hours’ No-

veyor, under a Penalty for Omif-iion.

1906

In.cafe Wa-

fhall burft, the Surveyor to give Notice to the Company,

who fnall forthwith open the Ground.

If, upon opening the Ground, it does not belong to that Company,

fuch firft Company to

to the Company to whom it does belong, who fhall forthwith reim-burfe to the firft Company the Ex-pences of opening the

and fuch fe-cond Company fhall forthwith proceed to

Defeft,

and within fix Hours give Notice to Surveyor that they are fo done. Pipes, &c. belonging to any private Perfon to be repaired by them on Notice..

48°GEORGII III. Cap. ioo.

not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor lefs titan Ten Shillings, to be recovered as the other Penalties by this or any of the (aid recited Acts are di--re&edto be recovered.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That when andfo often as any Main or other Pipe belonging to any of the Water Companies who fhall* during the Continuance of this A<51, furnifb any of the Inhabitants within the Limits of the fame Adi with Water, and which now is or (ball hereafter be laid under Ground in the faid Roads or the Footways thereof, or any Part thereof., fhall, after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou fa nd eight hundred and nine, happen to break or burfl, or be defecti ve, or decayed,fo as to require Reparation, the Surveyor to the laid Truftees or fuch other Perfon as the faid Truftees fhall diredt l'oto do, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in W riting to the Colledlor or T urncock of the W ater Company to whom he fuppofes the fame to belong, adting for the Diftridt or Divifion in which Repair fhall be fo wanted; which Notice fhall be delivered to fuch Colledlor orTurncock orieft at his or their laft or ufual Place ofAbo.de; and fuch Colledlor or Turncock, is hereby diredled and required forthwith, and within Two Hours after fuch Notice to take up the Pavement, if any, and allb open the Ground, or caufe the fame to be opened, at, or near the Place where any fuch Repairs lhall appear to be wanted; and if he or they fhall upon taking up fuch Pavement, and opening fuch Ground difeover, that fuch Main or other Pipe fo broken, burfl, defedlive or decayed, does not belong to the Water Company, whofe Colledlor or Turncock he is, then fuch Colledlor or Turncock, fhall forthwith give Notice thereof in Writing to the Colledlor or Turncock of tjie Company to whom the laid Main or other Pipe fhall appear to belong, in which Cafe the fall mentioned Colledlor or Turncock is, and are hereby required upon demand, to make Satisfaction for taking up fuch Pavement and opening fuch Ground, as the Cafe may be, and taking up fuch Main or Pipe, to the Collector or Turncock, giving Notice as aforefaid; and the Colledlor orTurncock of fuch Water Company, to whom the faid Main or Pipe fhall belong is, and are hereby required immediately, and without the lead Delay, to caufe or procure the faid Main or Pipe to be effectually repaired, and afterwards to fill in, and ram down, the faid Ground with the Gravel or Ballall thereof, regularly laid on the Surface thereof, and not mixt with the Loam, Clay, or other Rubbifh ; and in cafe any Pavement fhall have been removed, to relay and make good the fame, all fuch Works to be done and effected within Twenty-four Hours nexc after fuch'Notice fhall have been given to him as aforefaid, and within Six Hours then next after he fhall give Notice of having fo done the fame, to the Surveyor of the faid Truftees by Writing, to be delivered to him, or left at his ufual Place of Abode, in order that fuch Surveyor may forthwith infpect and fee that fuch Pavement (if any), be properly relaid and made good, and the Ground and Gravel, in cafe there fhall be no Pavement, filled up and made good in Manner aforefaid-, and if any Pipe not belonging to any Water Company, fhall happen to break, burfl, decay, or be defective as aforefaid, tnen and in every luch Cafe, the Owner thereof fhall forthwith, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given by fuch Surveyor to the faid Truftees or other Perfon by them for that Purpofe appointed as aforefaid, caufe the Pavement or Ground over the fame ro be taken up and opened, and fuch Pipe to be repaired and the Pavement made good, and the Ground filled in and rammed down w ith the Gravel and Soil on the Surface thereof, and not mixt

with

48°GEORGII III. Cap. too.	I9°7

•with Clay or other Rubbifh, as the Cafe may be, and Notice thereof to be given in Writing to the Surveyor to the faid Truftees in Manner aforefaid, and within the Times aforefaid; and if any Pavement or Ground belonging to the faid Roads, fhall be taken up for the Purpofe of making or altering any Drain or Vault, or laving down, or mending, or repairing any Main or Water Pipe, or for any orher Purpofe whatfoever, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Perfon fo caufing the faid Pavement or Ground to be taken up, fhall, as foon as the Nature of the Work will permit, caufe the faid Pavement to be relaid and made good, and the Ground to be filled in and Penalty for rammed down in Manner afor faid, and immediately give Notice thereof in Manner aforefaid, to the Surveyor of the Truftees; and in cafe any Collec- p°°efJ,gnt or tor, Turncock, or other Perfon fhall make default in any of the Matters Ground, Sec. aforefaid, every fuch Collector, Turncock, or other Perfon, fhall, for every when opened, fuch Default or Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor lefs than Twenty Shillings; and the Company or Perfon, to whom any fuch Main or Pipe, Drain or Vaults fhall belong fhall, over and above the faid Penalty, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Day the faid Road fhall remain unrepaired, after fuch Notice given as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And beitfurtherena<fted,That in all Cafes afterthe faid Twentv-fifth In all Cafes Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, where any fuch Water Company or other Perfon fhall or may lawfully, whether by fuch Licence as oprenuend> ”p aforefaid or otherwife, open or break up any Part of the Soil or Ground of pavement fuch Roads or Footways as aforelaid, or take up any Part of the Pave- removed, to ment thereof,the Perfon or Perfons doing the fame, or caufing the fame to be ^ done, fhall do and effed the fame, or caufe the fame to be done and effected convenience with as little Injury to the faid Roads and Footpaths, and as little Inconve- to PaflVngers nience to Paficngers as pofilble, and fhall, during the effeding fuch as poffible. Works, fence off and feeure the Ground fo opened in fuch Manner, as not to be dangerous to Paffengers, Cattle, or Carriages, upon Pain of 0fj-# forfeiting the Sum of Five Shillings for every Hour the faid Ground fhall remain open and not fecured in Manner aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, That in rncafcan)r cafe any fuch Water Company or Perfons as aforefaid, fhall negled Company or to repair and amend any fuch Main or Pipe, Sewer, Drain, or Vault Perfons neg-as aforefaid, and to relay and make good fuch Pavement, and fill le£l5°^ahe up and ram down and cover fuch Ground and Soil as aforefaid, for Cages' I.3’ the Space of One Day after fuch Notice as aforefaid, or fhall not ceeding after have done the fame effedually, and in a good and workmanlike Notice, the Manner, it fhall be lawful for the Surveyor to the faid Truftees, by Order under the Hands of any Three or more of the faid Truftees, to open Party nrg- * the Ground, repair and amend the fame, or caufe the fame to be re- le&ing to paired and amended, and in the Calc of ineffectual Repairs of fuch Pipe, fce liab,e to Main, Sewer, Drain, or Vault, or relaying and making good fuch Pave- lhe Ex* ment and Roads as aforefaid, to complete and perfed the fame, or other- pences' wife fo to plug up or ftop and feeure the fame, as to prevent further Injury or Nuifance therefrom, and that the Charges and Expences of repairing and amending fuch Main, Pipe, Drain, or Vault, and ramming down and amending the faid Road, and relaying and making good the Pavement when the fame fhall happen, fhall be r'cimburfed and paid to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they, or any Three of

them.

i90«

Perfons

fpilling, &c. Night Soil,

To pay Penalty of 5I.

Nuifances or the Road or Footpaths removable and liable to Penalty.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

•them, (hall direct or appoint to receive the fame, by the Collector, Tr»a* -furer, or Clerk to fuch Water Company, or by fuch Person or Perfons to whom fuch Main or Pipe, Drain or Vault, (hall belong, or by the Owner or Owners thereof} and in cafe any fuch Colleftor, Treasurer, Clerk, or Owner as aforefaid, (ball negleft or refufe to pay fuch Charges and •Expences within Three Days next after Demand made thereof in Writing, figned by the Surveyor to the Truftees, and left at the laft or tifual Place of Abode of the Perfon fo refufing or neglefting, together with a Bill annexed to fuch Demand, containing an Account of fuch Charges and Ex-Spences } then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Charges and Expences fhall and may be recovered by the faid Truftees, or any One or more of them, from the Perfon fo made liable to pay the fame as aforefaid, over and above the Penalties hereinbefore by this Aft incurred by fuch Company or Perfon in not repairing the fame as aforefaid, in like Manner as the feveral Penalties by this Aft, or any of them, fhall or may be recoverable.

XX.	And whereas very great Nuifances are frequently committed in and near to the faid Road by the Carting, Spilling, and throwing Night Soil thereon, to prevent which the common and accuftomed Laws have been found ineffectual} therefore be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fhall, from and after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thoufand eight hundred and nine, throw, cart, or lay or permit, or fuffer to be thrown, carted or laid any Night Soil, in or upon the faid Road, or into the Drains or Watercr urlts belonging thereto, along the Sides of the faid Road, or within One hundred and fifty Yards of the faid Road, except fuch as fhall be in a State for the manuring of Land, and fhall 2ftually be fpread on Land in a Courfe of Hulbmdry, every fuch Perfon being thereof convicied, upon the Oath ot One or more Witncfs or WitnefTes, or by his or her own Confefii >n, before One or more -Juftice or Juftices of the Peace f>r the County of Middlejex, fhall forfeit and pay, for every iuch Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, over and above the Charges of removing fuch Night Soil, and the cleanfing and making the faid R >ad or other Place* (which the Surveyor or Surveyors to the faid Truitees is and are hereby authorized to remove, cleanfe and make good, or caufe to be removed, cicanfed and made good,) and of procuring a proper and luitable Place or Layftall, for carting and depofiting the fame j fuch Penalty to be recovered in like Manner as the other Penalties by this or the faid recited Acts, or any other of them given or made payable, are directed to be recovered.

XXI.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons whomfo-1 ever (whether he, (he, or they fhall be Owners or Occupiers, orOwneror

Occupier of any adjoining or contiguous Houfe, Yard, Shop, or other ' Premifes or not,) fhall at any Time from or after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of MarchOut thoufand eight hundred and nine, fet, put, place, have, or leave or caufe or procure to be let, placed, had, or lefc in or upon any Part of the faid Roads by the faid recited Afts, or either of them, direfted to be kept in repair, or in or upon the Footways or Paths on the Sides thereof, or of any of them, any Block or other P ece of Marble, Stone, Slate, Timber or Wood, or any Bricks, Tiles, Time, Mortar, Building Materials, or other Articles whatfoever, for any longer Space of Time than

fhall

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 100.	1909

(hall be neceffary for the loading and unloading thereof, an.l fave and except as herein excepted, and (hall not forthwith, on Requeft made by the Surveyor appointed by the faid Truftees, remove, or caufe to be remo ved, the fame, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted, either by his own Confeffion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-nefles, before any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlefex, fhall forfeit andpayanySumnotexceeding Potty Shillings nor lefs thanTenShillings, and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Surveyor, and he is hereby empowered and authorized, in cafe fuch Block or ocher Piece of Marble, Surveyor Stone, Slate, Timber, or Wood, Bricks, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, Build- ^mo^Tfuch* ing Materials, or other Articles whatfoever, fhall not, within One Hour Block of after fuch Requeft as aforefaid, be removed and taken away, to remove Marble, Sec. the fame to a Place of Safety, and to detain and keep the fame until the faid Penalty and the Cofts, Charges, and Expences of fuch Removal and Keeping (hall be paid ; fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences being firft fettled and afeertained by any Juftice of the Peace for the faid Expences County of Middlefex ; and in cafe fuch Penalty, and fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences fhall not be paid within Five Days next after the fame covrcre fliall have been fo fettled and afeertained, then fuch Marble, Scone,

Slate, Timber, Wood, Bricks, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, Building Materials and ocher Articles whatfoever, (hall be fold by the faid Truftees or their Surveyor or Surveyors; and after defraying the Expences of fuch Sale, and deducing fuch Penalty, and fuch Cofts, Charges, and Expences as aforefaid, the Overplus, if any, fhall be returned upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof: Provided always. That nothing herein contained fliall extend fo as to fubjeCt or render liable any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to any fuch Penalty for or on account of any Block or other Piece of Marble, Stone, Slate, Timber or Wood, or any Bricks, Tiles, Lime, Mortar, or other Building Materials being laid on the faid Road, or in or upon the Footways or Paths, or the Sides thereof, or any of them, provided the fame be inciofed in a Hoard or In-clofure, in Manner hereinafter directed; and for the more eafily dif-covering and effectually punifhing the Offender or Offenders in the For more Cafes of carting, fpilling, or throwing Night Soil on the faid Road, eafily diico-it is hereby further enabled. That in all and every the faid Cafes, *er'n6of’ the Owner of the Cart, Carriage, or other Vehicle whatfoever, which owners of (hall be ufed for bringing or carting fuch Night Soil, fhall be deemed Horfes,Caru, and confidered to be the Perfon or Perfons throwing, carting, and laying &c* to he fuch Night Soil, and as well as the Perfon and Perfons who (hall actually Q^nedderthc drive the Cart, Carriage, or other Vehicle, fo bringing and carting fuch and*liable* Night Soil, (hall be fubjeCt and liable to the Penalty hereby impofed to the Penal-on fuch Offender and Offenders refpeCtively.	ty.

XXII.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch Owner or Owners (hall Power forthe be compelled to pay any Penalty, of to make Satisfaction for any Damage, Owner to re-by reafon of any	wilful NegleCt or Default, done or	committed bv	cover over

his, her, cr their	Servant, fuch Servant (hall be liable	to repay fuch	aSainft	hi»

Penalty or Satisfaction to luch Owner or Owners, and in cafe of Non- fhrou"^ payment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by fuch Owner or whof^De* Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them, of fuch Penalty or Sacis- fault he may fadion, and that the fame hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, be compdled by fuch Servant,	(fuch Oath to be made before one	Juftice of the	topay‘

Peace), the fame	Penalty and Satisfaction fhall be levied by Warrant

[Uc. isf Per.]	21 S	under

1910

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

under the Hand and Seal of fucli Juftice, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Servant, together with all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, and the faid Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, fnall be paid to fuch Owner or Owners in dif-charge of fuch Penalty and Satisfaction ; and if fufficient Goods and Chattels of fuch Servant cannot be found to anfwer fuch Diftrefs, then fuch Juftice is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Servant to be apprehended and brought before him the faid Juftice, and in cafe fuch Penalty and Satisfaction, and the Cofts of fuch Proceeding as aforefaid, fhall not be forthwith and immediately paid, fuch Juftice is hereby required forthwith to commit fuch Servant to the Houfe of Corredlion for the County of Middlejex, and there to remain, without Bail or Mainprizc, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor lefs than Fourteen Days, unlefs the faid Penalty and Satisfaction, and fuch Cofts and Charges as aforefaid fhall be forthwith paid, or unlefs fuch Servant fhall have compounded for the faid Penalty, Satisfaction, Cofts, and Charges with fuch Owner or Owners, and paid fuch Compofi-tion, which fuch Owner and Owners are hereby empowered to make and accept.	/i

Hoards bow	XXIII. And be it further enaded. That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever,

to e ere e .	ert £1 or build, or caufe to be eredted or built any Hoard, or ercdt

any Pofts, Bars, Rails, Boards, or other Thing, by way of Inclofure, for the Purpofe of making Mortar, and depofiting Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials for building or repairing any Houfe, Shop, Ware-houfe, Coachhnufe, Stable, or Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purpofe, without Leave or Licence, firft had and obtained, under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, to fuch Truftees who is and are hereby required to grant the fame forthwith, on every Perfon fo applying for fuch Licence, paying to the faid Surveyor or Surveyors the Sum of One Shilling.

PutUhment XXIV. And be it further ena£led,That if any fuchHoardorlnclofure fhall far ereainer be ere died or built without the Leave of the Surveyor or Surveyors, fo had Hoards with- ancj obtained and figned as aforefaid, or (hall be fet up in any other out Leave. Manner, or continued for any longer Time, than fhall be allowed and exprefieti in fuch Licence, then and in either of the faid Cafes, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Truftees to caufe the fame to be pulled down and removed, and to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, fhall and do pay to the Perfon or Perfons, in whofe Cuftody the fame fhall be, the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with the Charges of removing the fame; and in cafe the fame fhall not be claimed, and the faid Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Five Days next after fuch Seizure thereof, then ic fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to order the fame to be ap-praiftd and fold, and the Money arifing therefrom fhall be applied to the Purpofts of this Acl.

No Lime to XXV. And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall fife, be (lacked in fcrtcnj0r flack, any Lime, (except within fuch Inclofure as aforefaid), on fee Roadf* any of the faid Roads, or on che Footways or Paths on the Sides thereof, or any of them, he, fhe, or they, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXVI. Pro-

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. ioo.	191*

XXVI. Provided always, and be itenacted, That nothing herein contained	°^t,ie fhall extend, or be confirued to extend fo as to vary, alter, or affect

any of the Provifions, Powers, or Authorities of an Act made in the feaed by this Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled “An Aft.

** Act for repealing feveral Acts made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth,

0	and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty for regu-ct lating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, clean-tc ing, and lighting the Parifh of Saint Mary le-bone, in the County of <e Middlefex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor there-<c of, and for divers other Purpofes therein mentioned j and for making “ more effectual Provifion for thofe Purpofes But all the Provifions,

Powers, and Authorities, in fuch Act contained, fliall be as good, valid, and effectual as if this Act had not been madei

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That Saving nothing in this Aft contained, fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to Commiffion-extend to prejudice, diminifh, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Pow- ersof-sewcr5. ers, or Authorities, veiled in the Commiffioners of Sewers, for the City

and Liberty of Weftminjler, and part of the County of Middlefex, but all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities veiled in them, Ihali be as good, valid, and effeftual, as if this Aft had not been made.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money Ihali be agreed, Direfting the or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, ^h^Mone -taken, or ufed by virtue of the Powers of the Laid recited Afts, or any of paid torCom-them, or this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any penfation for Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons under LfncL &c* any Difability or Incapacity, as in the faid firll recited Aft particularly *henamount“ mentioned, fuch Money Ihali, in cafe the fame fliall amount to or exceed cefdingVooI. the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into

1	he Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trullees for executing the faid Afts and this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money Ihali be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a lummary Way, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Laid Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Dif-charge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch otner Incumbrances or Parts thereof, as the faid Court Ihali authorize to be paid affeftino- the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, the fame Ihali be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the Lid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed or fettled.to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ules, Trufts, Intents, and PurpoJes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which Ihali be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement Ihali be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect ; and in the mean time, and until fuch Purchafe Ihali be made, the faid Money Ihali, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in

the

1912

Application when lefs than 2001. and exceeding 20I.

Application

when lefs

In cafe of not making out Titles,

or if Per-fons cannot be found, Purch.fe Mbney to be paid into the Bank ;

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 100.

the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the faid Confoii-dated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfonor Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if anyMoney fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging co any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore direded ; or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trultees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Pci Ions making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid 1 ruf-tees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order tnac fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafes be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That when fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned, fhall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, for the Purpofes of the faid Ads and this Ad, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall think fit j or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled reflectively.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, that in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faivl Aft*, cr any of thtm, or this Ad, fhall refufc to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction (.1 the faid Trufiets, or any Five or more of them ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or P> rfons to whom Inch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as afortf.id cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then

and

48° GEORG 11 III, Cap. i do.	1913

and in every fueh Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truf-tees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties in-terefted in-the faid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcribing them], fubjefl to the Order, Controul, and Difpofition of the Did Court of Chancery, which faid Court, on the Application of any Pcrfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by "Motion or Petition, (hall oc and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court dial! feem meet, to or* derthe fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Efface or Eftates, Title or Intereft:, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court fhall feem juft and reafonable 5 and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money* is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled. That where any Queftion (hall arife Upon any Touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Qypftlon England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General Mone^fo^o of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of be^aid.Ver-any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance tons then in of the faid recited Adis and this Ad, or any of fhem, or to any Pofleffion to Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Monies, or to the Divi-dene's or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons t0>

Who (hall have been in Poflcflion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poflcflion of fuch Perfon or Pcrlons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully en-titled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poflefiior, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfadlion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of fueh Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that, fuch Poflcftion was a wrongful Poflcftion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

- XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where by rea- Th c fonof any Difability or Incapacity of thePcrfon or Perfons, or Corporation, maJ orXr entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamentsto.be pardiafcd by reafonable the faid Truftees, under the Authority of the faid recited Ads, or of ExPen«s of any of them, cr this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be re- LUrch-a,lebst(> quired to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe thcTruteei. of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in .purfuance of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in 4 [Loc. & Per.]	21	T	purfuance

!9M	48® GEORG 11 III. Cap. i®o.

purfuance of this or the faid Adts, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the necefiarv Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to he paid by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, who (hall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall dired.

Recital of XXXJV Andwhereas by thefaid recited Aft of theTwentv-third Year of watchin °^a d ^'S Prrknt Majcftv, the Truftees appointed by thefaid Ad, or any Seven lighting? 311 °r morr ^em, were authorized and empowered to errft, or caufe to hr eroded, fuch and fo many Glafs Lamps, upon the Sides of fuch Parts trf the Roads d;rrded by the now reciting Ad to be repaired, as were not then lighted by, or under any Private or Parochial Ad, as they Ihould th necrffarv j and to appoint a competent Number of fit and able- bodied Men, to watch and guard the faid Roads, as they the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them Ihould think proper and convenient, whh fuch Powers for carrying the fame into Effcd, as in fuch Ad is paricuhrly mentiomd: and the ereding, lighting and maintaining fuch Lamps, and the Allowances to be made to fuch Watch nen, and all orhe*- Charges incident to the faid refpedive Services, were thereby direded to be paid and defrayed out of the Money arifing by virtue of any of the faid recited Ads.

That the XXXV. And whereas it has been found, that theMonies arifing by virtue To'b are in* of the Lid recited Ads, arr not fuffiocnr to keep the faid Roads in Re-cow, patent	pair, and alfo to pay f r the lighting and watching the fame; and in

to pav Ex- regard the Sides of th** faid Roads are nearly filled with Houles, which pcr.ces, are occupied, and the P. rfons occupying fuch Houfes being exempted from Statu e Duty on the laid Roads, are greatly benefited by the fame **iei-s (Jthe*	kept	Repair,	and lighted, and watched; and therefore ic is fit-

adjoining * ting and expedient, that they Ihould contribute towards the Expences Houfes ought incurred and to be incurred, by fuch lighting and watching the faid to pay- Rjad.

Power wen XXXVI. Be it therefore enadled. That towards defraying the Expences of ^th^Truf. light.ng and watching the fai l Roads, and performing the feveral Power* tees to m< ke granted by the faid recited Ads and this Ad, for the faid Purpofes, the a Rate not [fid Truftees<>r any Seven or more of them, lhall aflemble and meet toge-Fo^p'erfce ther on the Ft.ft 'Tburjday in the Month of Auguji One thoufand eight hun-in the Pound dred and nine,or within Thirty Days then next enfuing, and on the Firft on all inha- ‘Tburjday in Auguji in every Succeeding Year during tne Continuance of this b’ted ^Houfes, or within Thirty Days next after each fuch Firft Tburjday, and ^Year’sVa- they, or anY Seven or more of them fo aficmbled, fhall, and tncy are Jue, within hereby empowered to make and fign a Rate or Affeftment by way of a 300 Yards Pound Rate,not exceedingFour-ptnce in thePound,upon fuchPerfons who of the Road. or jjjan inhabit, hold, ule, poflefs, occupy, or enjoy any Houfes, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houles, Stables, or other JBuildings, Yards, Gardens, and Grounds, fituate by the Side of fuch Part of the faid Roads as fhall be lighted and watened as aforelaid, or within Two hundred Yards thereof, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, according to the annual Value of fuch Houles, Snops, Warehoufes, Coach-houles, Stables, or other Buildings, Yards, and Gardens relpeftively; which laid Rate or Afllflinent fhall be payable yearly in One Payment, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, and fhall be collected, lc-10	vied*

,9I5

48° Georg11 iil Cap.too.

vied, and recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned, fo as no Owner or Occupier of any Houfe, Tenement, Hereditament, or other Property already rated, or liable to be rated in any Afieflment to be made by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament for paving, lighting, and cleanfing any other DiHrift or Place whatloever, (hall, during fuch Time as he, fhe, or they fhall in refpeft of fuch Property for which he, fhe, or they are liable to be rated by virtue of this prefent Aft, be aftually aflcfled and pay under or bv virtue of fuch other Aft or Afts of Parliament be liable to any fuch Rate by virtue of this prefent Aft j and fo alfo as that no Perlon or Pcrlons holding or occupying any Ground as Gardeners, or Nurfery Grounds, fhall in rcfpeft of fuch Gardens or Grounds be liable to be fo rated in rt fpeft of fuch the laid Ground or Garden, but fhall be liable to be rated for fuch Houfcs, Green-houfes, Hot-hcufes, Stables, and all other Ercftions and Buildings, which may (land or be in or upon any fuch Gardens or Nurfery Ground, according to the Value thereof.

XXXVII.	And whereas there are, or may be many PerfonS; who occupy Powers to the Houfes within the laid Diflance of Two hundred Yards from the Truftees to faid Roads, lighted and watched, or to be lighted and watched, in purfuance of the faid rtcited Afts or of this Act ; and by the Situation perf0ns not of fuch Houfes, will receive little or no Advantage from lightirg and fully benefit-watching the faid Roads as aforefaid j Be it therefore enaftcd, That the ,n PrcP°r“ faid Trulfees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting affembled, 8°"^^® fhall and may, on Appl cation of every fuch Occupier or Occupiers, dif- W l;ch ihey^ charge him, her, or them, from anv Payment, or charge him, her, or rec.ive. them, only in fuch Proportion of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this

Aft for the Purpofcs aforefaid, as they the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall judge what fuch Occupier or Occupiers, ought equitably and juftly to pay for the Benefit he, fhe, or they, muy receive from the fame.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, Thatthe faid Truftees, or any Seven Truftees to or more of them, fhall and may, and they are hereby empowered to ap- a0Dointa point luch Pcrfon or Perfons as they fhall think proper, to collect and Cjlletlor‘ gather the Rates and Afleffments hereby empowered and directed to be

made and collected for the Purpofe of lighting and watching the faid Roads as aforefaid j which faid Collector or Collectors may, from Time to Time, be removed, and another, or others, appointed in his or their Room, as the faid Truftees fhall think fit j and the faid Truftees fhall or may make fuch Allowance to fuch Collector or Collectors for his or their Trouble as they fhall think fit; and the faid Collectors fhall from Time to Time account for the laid Rates and AffefTmenrs to the faid Truftees in fuch Manner as Collectors and other Officers are by the faid recited Acts, or any of them, appointed to account with the faid Truftees, and fhall pay the Money collected in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, fhall direct and appoint j and in Default thereof, or of. delivering up the Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Trufts and Powers hereby granted to him or them, fhall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties, as the faid Collectors of rhe Tolls and other Officers are by the faid recited Acts, or any of them, made liable;

Provided always that the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, Truftees r -may, and they are hereby required to take fuch Security from fuch Col- ^uiredtouke

leftor

U)i6

Security for the Collector

l andlords of re»Hv fur-n;fhed Houfes &c. to be at-feli'ed and liable.

No Agreement betvveer Landlord and Tenant to be aftefted by thi» Ml.

Truftees to in<p ft Poor Rates, 2nd Houfe Rate, of fuch Pa-

which Road lies, in order to make Rates.

4-ft0 GEORGII III. Cap. 100.

lector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his and their refpective Offices, as the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, (hall think fit; and whereas the Landlords, Owners, Ltflees, or Tenants of Houfes, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, frequently let out the fame » in feparate Apartments, or to Under-tenants, and other Houfes or Tenements, are let re. dy furniftied: Be it therefore enacted, That the feveral Landlords, Owners, Proprietors, and Leflees of all fuch Houfes, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments liable to be rated by virtue of this Act, which (hall be fo let in Parts or feparate Apartments, or ready furniftied, to One or more Tenant or Tenants, fhall be refpectively deemed and taken as the Occupier thereof, and fhall be liable and fub-ject to the Payment of the Rates or Afieflinems authorifed to be collected by th’s Act; but fuch Rates or AfieHments, and all Arrears thereof Ihall and may be recoverable from the Perfon or Perfons fo renting or occupying any fuch Part or feparate Apartment of any ready furnifhed Houfe or Tenement, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, fo as fuch Rates or AfiefT-ments, (1o not exceed the Rent due and payable by him, her, or them, who may deduct the Money, he, fhe, or they (hall pay, on the Account aforefaid, from and out of the next Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to his, her, or their Landlord j and the Receipt for fuch Payment fhall be a Efficient Difcharge for every fuch Perfon fo paying the fame to his or her Landlord for fo much Money as fhall be paid by, or recovered from him or her by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this i Ad containrd, fhall extend to affed or make void any Contrad, Covenant, 'or Agreement made between any Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the Payment of the Rates or Aficffinents to be made, raifed, and colieded by virtue of this Ad.

XL. And for the better enabling the faid Truftees to afeertain the yearly R.ent or Value of the feveral Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Shops, Wharfs, Ware houfes, Coach-houfes, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or other Hereditaments within the Limits of this Ad;

XLI. Be it further enaded, that it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, having an Order under the Hands of any Two or more of the faid Truftees, to infped, or take Copies, or Lxtrads, of any Rate to be made during the Continuance of this Ad, for raifing Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and the Rates and AfielTmems, on the Houfc-Tax,within any of the Parifhes,lying within the Limits of this Ad ; which Infptdion Copies and Extrads, the Perfon or Perlons having the Cuftody of fuch Rates refpedively, are hereby required to permit, and fuffer to be made, without Fee or Reward, upon the producing of fuch Order; and in cafe any Perfon having the Cuftody of any fuch Rates, fhall wilfully ne-glcd or rtfufe fo to do, within Three Days after fuch Order fhall have been produced and fhewn to him, or a Copy thereof left at his ufual Place of Abode, he fhall for every fuch Negied or Refulal, forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, norlefs than Ten Shillings.

XLII. And for the better and more effedually recovering the faidRates or AfTefTments, be it further enaded, That in cafe any Inhabitant, Owner or

Occupier

48* GEORGII III. Cap. ioo.	*9*7

OtcUpVr of any Land, Ground, Houfe, Shop, Wharf, Warehoufe, Stable,

Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits of the faid recited Ads or of this Ad, or other Perfon hereby made liable to pav any Rate or AflelTinent as aforefaid, or any Part or Parts thereof (hall refufe or negjed, on demand, to pay the Money rated or aflcfied upon, or made payable by him or her, by virtue of this Ad, and all Arrears due thereon, v fhall be lawful for the Colledor or Collectors of the faid Rates or Afftflments, appointed by the faid Truftees, or any Seven of them* to colli d and levy fuch Rates or Aftefiments, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of anv Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Middlejex, (fuch Juftices having firft fummoned, or caufed to be fummoned,) to appear before them the Party fo refufing ^y Diftrefs or negleding to pay as aforefaid, by Summons in Writing, or partly in and Sale of Print and partly in Writing, to be left at his or her ufual Place of Abode* Goods, &c. to raife and lew fuch Rates or Afiefiments, and all Arrears due upon the faid Rates or Aftefiments, by Diftrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party fo refufing or negleding to pay the fame as aforefaid, which (hail be found either within the faid County of Middlefex> or elfewhere, iuch Warrant being firft backed or counterfigned by fome Magiftrate for the County, City, or Liberty, where the Diftrefs is to be made; which Warrant fuch Magiftrate is hereby required to back or counterfign, without Fee or Reward; and if within Five Days after fuch Diftrefs fhall be made, the faid Rate or Rates, AlTeftment or Aftefiments, and all Arrears due 1 hereon, (hall not be paid, together with the reafonable Charges for attending and obtaining fuch Summons ; the Service thereof, and the Attendance and Warrant thereon, and of taking and keeping the faid Goods and Chattels, the faid Colledor or Colledors (hall caufe the faid Goods and Chattels, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient to pay the faid Rates or Afiefiments, and the reafonable Charges aforefaid, and of felling fuch Goods and Chattels as aforefaid, to be fold; and fhall thereout retain and keep fuch Rates or Afiefiments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Cofts and Charges aforefaid j and the Overplus Money, and the Goodi and Chattels remaining, (if any), (hall be returned upon demand, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels.

XLI11. Provided always, and be ic further enaded, That it (hall belawfui ifnoDiftref« for the laid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, if they (hall to be found think fit, whrre no fufficient Diftrefs can be made, to direft and caufe an *hcn the Action or Actions to be brought and profecuted in any of His Mqefty’s Courts of Record ar Wejlminfter, for the Recovery of any of the faid remove Rates or Aftefiments; and upon Proof of the Demand made, and Re- by Actum, fufal or Negled of Payment of the Rate or Afieflment, for the Recovery whereof fuch Adion or Adions (hall be broug'ht, the faid Truftees (hall be inticled to a Verdict againft the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Action or Ad ions.

XLIV. And be it furtherenaded,That in cafe anyPerfon fhall remove out perfon, re_ of or from, or quit the Peficflion cf any Houfe, Building, Tenement, moving li-Ground, or Hereditaments within the Limits of this Ad, before the Rate ablctoa or Aficfihient charged thereon by virtue of this A6t fhall be paid ; or if any Perfon (hall enter into the Occupation of any Houfe, Builcing, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditaments, out of or from which any other Peifun (hail have fo removed before Payment of the laid Rates or Aftefiments,

[Aor. Ptr.]	21	U	or

*^8	48*	GEORG	II Hi Cap. 100.

6r which at the Time of rating and a lie fling the fame at aforefaid, fhall be empty or unoccupied, then the Perfon fo removing out of or from, or quitting the Poffeffion, and the Perfon fo entering into the Occupation of any fuch Houfe, Building, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditament, (hall tefpetively be liable to the Payment of the Rate or AfTeffment, in proportion to the Time fuch Perfon pofTelTed or occupied the fame refpec-tively, in like Manner as if the Perfon fo removing or quitting as aforefaid had remained in the PofTeffion or Occupation of fuch Houfe, Building, Tenement, Ground, or Hereditaments, or the Perfon fo entering into the Occupation thereof, had been originally rated or affeffed.

S	ccovery XLV.And be it further enacted,That allPenaltiesorForfeituresbvvirtue and Applies- of this At, or by virtue of the Powers thereof impofed (the Manner of non et Pc- levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwile particularly diva tin. peered,) fhall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Juftice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where the Offence fhall happen, (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath,) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diftrefs and Sale fhall be returntd, upon Demand, to the Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Colts and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Diftrefs; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not herein before directed to be otherwife applied,) fhall be paid to the Treafurer to the faid Tiuftees, to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Aft ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeiture* lhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction of fuch County, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor lefs than Seven Days, lintel's fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof) fhall be fooner fully paid and latisfied.

XLVI. And be it further enated, That in all Cafes where anyConviction fhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this At, or any Matter in purfuance of this At, die Form of Convition fhall be in the Words or to the Effect following, (that is to fay,)

fotm of Conviction,

“ T>F, it remembered. That on this	Day	of

<■ J-w jn t(,e	Year	of	the	Reign	of

« B. is convited before	,	of His Majefty’s

“ Juflircs of the Peace for the	,	of having,

«< the Offence /hail be/\ and I, [or we] the faid	...

“ do adjudge him Jier or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum “ of

«> Given under my Hand and Seal, [or oer hands and Seals] the Day « and Year alorefaid.”

XLVII. Prq-

\i a at

I .tv.

4.8*GEORGII III. Cap. ioo.	r8ig

XLVII.Provided always and he it further enacted,That ifanyPerfon (hall Powerof Ap-think Mmfelfbr herfelf aggrieved by any Race or Affeftment co be made in Pea * purfuance of this Act, everv fuch Perfon may apply for Relief to the faid Truftees, at their Firft or Second Meeting next after Demand made of fiich Rate or Affeffment, (he or (he firft giving Ten Days’ Notice, at leaft; in Writing, to the Clerk of the faid Truftees of fuch his or her Intention), and the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them are hereby authorized snd empowered to give fuch Relief, or make fuch other Order in the Pnmiifes as to them (hall feem meet, and, in cafe the P rty fo applying (hall nor be fatisfied with the Determination or Order of the faid Truftees, he or (lie may appeal to the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the faid County of Middlefex next after Thirty Days (hall have expired from the Time of making fuch Order or Determination of the faid Truftees, fuch Appellant, firft paying the Rate or Af-feffment appealed againft, or giving, and caufing to be given Twelve Days* Notice, m Writing, at leaft, of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the faid Truftees of the faid Road, and within Three Days next after fuch laft mentioned Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay fuch Cofts 'as (hall be awarded by the Juftices at fuch General or Quarter Seflions; and the faid Juf-tices, at fuch Seflions, upon due Proof of the Payment of the Rate or Affefiment appealed againft, and of fuch Notice being given, and Recognizances entered into as aforefaid, (hall hear and determine fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Party appealing, or to the laid Truftees, as they, the faid Juftices, (hall think proper; and the Determination of fuch Juftices, at their faid Seftions, (hall be final, binding and conclufive.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, Thatwhere anyDiftrefs (hall be made Dlflrefs n°t for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diftrefs (hall formant of”* not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties, making the fame, be Form, deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties diftrain-ing be deemed a Trcfpaffer or Trefpiffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity that (hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftrain-ing, but the Perfon or Perfons, aggrieved by fuch Irregularity, (hall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Dumage in an Adtion upon the Cafe.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Affrffmenf, Proceeding. Judgment, or other Proceedings made, touching, or concerning the Cun- not to be8 viction of any Offender or Offenders againft this Act, (hall bequaftiedor qua&«dfor vacated for want of Form only, or bt removed or rcmovcablc by Cer- ^aa^ofForta tiorari, or by any orher Wric or Proct^ft whatfoever, into any of His able by Cer-Majefty’s Courts of Record at fVejiminJl§r9 any Law or Statute to the tiorari. contrary thcreoi in any wife notwithiianuing.

L. And

1920	48®GEORGII III. €ap, 100.

Plaintiffs not L. And be it further cnafted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall reco-without No- ver in anV Aftion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any tice, or after Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall have Tender of been given to the Defendant or Defendants Thirty Days before fuch Ac-Amends. tion be commenced, of fuch intended Action, figned bv the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Action; nor fhallthe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Action, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, he**, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before fuch Action brought; and in cafe no luch Tender fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Action, by Leave of the Court, after fuch Action fhall have been brought, at any Time before Iffue joined, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he* fhe, or they fhall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, fhall be made and given in and by fuc h Court, as in other Actions, where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit fhall Actions. be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing dom- in purfuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next alter the Fact committed ; and every fuch Action or Suit (hall be brought and tried in the County of Middlejex, and not elfewhere j and if any fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought before Thirty Days Notice fhall have been given, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the 1 ime limited, for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, then, and in every luch Cafe, the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and, upon fuch Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fliall be nonfuited, or dilcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover treble C »fts, and have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant hath for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Aft LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act fhall be deemed and “ lc ‘ taken to be a Public Act, and fliall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Commerce- ^ HI. And be it further enacted. That this Act fhall commence and take ment and " place on the paffing thereof, and fhall be in Force and have Continuance Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the ot tue Act. £n(j Qf the then next Seffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty. i8q8.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*********** ******************************************

Cap. 101.

An A£t for making and maintaining a Road from the Brighthelmflone Road-at Pyecombe, to the Cuckfield Road at Staplefield Common, and from Pyecombe to the Henfield Road at Poyning s Common, in the County of Sujfex.	[3d 'June 1808.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Road leading from and out of the Brigbthelmftone and Cuckfield Turnpike Road near Pyecombe Church, in the Parilh of Pyecombe, in the County of Sujfex, through Pyecombe Dale, and by Newtimber Place, to the Branch of the llerfield Turnpike Road leading from the Marie Pit near the Bottom of Saddlefcomb Hill, in the Parilh of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Latte, in the fame Parilh, in the find County of Sujfex, and from the N orth Side of the faid Branch of Road to the Turnpike Road leading from Ubley’s Farm, in the Parifh of Hurjlperpoittt, in the faid County, to the faid Marie Pit oppoftte to Newtimber Broad Latte afore-faid, and from thence along the faid laft-mentioned Turnpike Road to Ubley’s Farm aforefaid, and from thence by Albourr.e Green and Sayers Common, to a certain Farm called Little Stuckles, otherwife Shirtings, in the Parilh of Hurfiperpoittt aforefaid; and from Little Stuckles Farm aforefaid, by Hickfied Place, and Botney Common to a Place called Staple-field Common, in the faid County, there to join and enter into the Turn-pike Road leading from Cuckfield to Crawley, in the faid County; and a Road leading from the Bottom of Pyecombe Dale aforefaid, along a certain Lane called the Beggar’s Lane to the Henfield Turnpike Road near Poyning s Common, in the laid County, would be of great Benefit and [Loe. Per.]	21 X	Advantage

1922

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. ioi.

Advantage to the Proprietors and Occupiers of Eftates in the Neighbourhood thereof and of public Utility : May it therefore pleafe your Ma-jefty, That it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflem-bled, and by th- Authority of the fame. That William Allen, Robinfon Harry Attree, Harry At tree. Sir Cecil Bifshopp Baronet, Cecil Bifshopp Junior, Charles Bifshopp, Sir Charles Merrick Burrell Baronet, William Borrer, William Boner Junior, John Borrer, Nathaniel Borrer, Edward Borrer, John Hamlin Borrer, John Bull of Pangdean, ‘Thomas Bull, Francis Bine, Stephen Bine, Richard Bine, John Burtenfhaw of Reeds, James Browne, Charles Bridger Clerk, Henry Brooker, William Blaber, Sir Henry Blackman Knight, John Blaker,	Botten, Richard Cud-

dington, Thomas Crojfweller, Stephen Crofskey, William John Campion, Henry Courthope Campion, George Courthope Senior, George Courthope Junior, Charles Coppard, Thomas Coppard, Jofeph Chandlery John Dennetty John Donald [on, Anthony Ede, Charles Ellis, John Friend, Thomas Francis, Charles Goring of Wijlon, Charles Goring of Higbdon, Charles Goring of Row dell, John Gates of Henjield, John Hall, Thomas Hill, John Hamjher, James Harmes, Thomas Hodfon, William Hodfon, Michael Harmes, William Izard, James Ingram, William Jenner, Thomas Read Kemp, Thomas Kemp, Richard Lajhmer, William Linfieid, Thomas Leppard,	Marchent of Little Park, William Marfhall Senior, William

Marjhall Junior,	Marjhall	Clerk,	Mills,	Charles	Francis

William Marten, John Lewis Newnham, John OJborne, the Honourable William Stephen Pointz, William Phillips, Benjamin Pearce,	Perkins,

William Penfold, Caleb Rickman, John Rice, John Pelham Roberts, Avery Roberts,	Rolfe, Richard Rujfetl, Timothy Shelley, William Scrafe,

John Smith, William Smith, Lawrence Smith, Thomas Scrafe, Benjamin Scutt Doctor of Medicine, Bartholomew Smithers, William Stanford, the Right Honourable Thomas Steele, Leonard Shuckard, William Tilt Clerk, Benjamin Tillflone, Thomas Uwins, James Wood of Hickflead Place, Richard Weekes, Richard Weekes Junior, Hampton Weekes, Thomas Wickham, John Wood of Ockley,	Whichelo, John Wood of Chejlham,

Matthew Walker, Thomas Dominick Whiteman, William Wigney, Henry Wood of Wont ley, Peter Wells,	of and /Foci of

Wapfes, and their Succeflors, to be elefted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be, and they are hereby appointed Truftees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the faid Roads; and for otherwife putting this Aft in Execution.

Other Truf- II. And be it further enabled, That when any of the Truftees herein-tees to be before named, or to be defied as hereinafter mentioned, fhall die or re-Deatho^Re6 fafe t0 a<^> or difqualified, it fhall be lawful for the furviving or fufal to aft." remaining Truftees,’or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to eleft and appoint one other Perfon in the Room of every Truftee fo dying or refufmg to aft, or becoming difqualified ; but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eleftion fhall be given by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates which, by virtue of this Aft, (hall be then erefted and fet up, and by Advertifement in the Lewes and Brighthelmjlone Journal, or in the Brighton Herald, or in fome other Newlpaper or Newf-papers, printed or circulated in the faid County, at lead Ten Days before

every

*923

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

every fueh Meeting; and every Perfon and Perfons who {hall be fo elected and appointed (hall immediately, upon fueh Eledion and Appointment, be veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Ad in Execution, as any Truftee hereby appointed is or are veiled with.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhali be capable of ading as a Truftee in the Execution of this Ad while he holds any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he fhali be perfonally interefted, other than as a Creditor; nor (hall any Perfon be qualified to ad as a Truftee unlefs he (hall, at the Time of his ading, be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the adual Poffefiion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes; or (hall be Heir Apparent of a Perfon ieifed of a real Ellate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the dear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be pofiefied of a perfonal Eftate to the Amount of One thoufand Pounds, nor until he fhali have taken and fubfcribed the following Oath before any Two or more of the laid Truftees, (who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame,) in the Words, or to the Effed following; that is to fay :

c J A. B. do fwear, that I truly and bona fide am in my own Right, ‘ or in the Right of my Wire, in the adual Pofieffion and Enjoy-

*	ment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or ‘ Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Re-‘ prizes; or am poffefTed of, or entitled to, a perfonal Eftate of the c Value of One thoufand Pounds, after ail my Debts are paid; for am

*	the Heir Apparent of A. Bwho, to the beft of my Knowledge, is

*	feifed of a real Eftate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the

*	clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, as the Cafe may happen.1

c So help me GOD.’

IV.	And if any Perfon difqualified by any of the Caufes aforefaid, or not being qualified as aforefaid, (hall neverthelefs prefume to ad contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, every fueh Perfon (hall, for every fueh Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminjler, by Adion of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Elfoign, Protedion, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and the Perfon fo profecuted, (hall prove that he is fo qualified, or otherwife (hall pay the faid Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Profecutor, than, that fueh Perfon hath aded as a Truftee in the Execution of this Ad : Provided neverthelefs. That fueh Ads and Proceedings as (hall have been done and performed by any fueh Perfon, touching the Execution of this Ad, previous to his being convided of the Offence before mentioned, (hall, notwithftanding fueh Convidion, be as valid and effedual as if fueh Perfon had been qualified according to the Diredions of this Ad: Provided always. That no Mortgagee or Aflignee of any Mortgage or other Security, nor any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Ad, or

receiving

Qualification

ofTrufiees.

Oath.

Penalty on acting, if not' qualified.

Mortgagee may ait.

192 +

+8° GEORGII III. Cap. lor.

receiving Intereft thereout for the fame, fhall, on that Account, be deemed unqualified to aft as a Truftee in the Execution of this Aft.

Truftees may V. And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees may fue and fue/ir^the ^uet^ *n Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that no Ac-Name of l*on or Suit t0 be brought or commenced by or againft the faid Truftees, their Clerk, or any of them, by virtue of this Aft, in the Name of their Clerk, fhall abate or be difcontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk, or by the Aft of fuch Clerk, without the Confent of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk, for the Time being, to the faid Truftees, fhall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Aftion or Suit, as the Cafe may be: Provided always, That every fuch Clerk fhall be reimburfed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, all fuch Cofts, Charges, or Expences, as he fhall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made a Plaintiff or Defendant.

Truftees firft Meeting.

Truftees to pay their own Expences. Orders to be made at Meetings only, and the Majority to concur. Truftees be-

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall meet together at the Houfe, known by the Name or Sign of the White Horfe, in Brighthelmjlone, in the County of SuJJex aforefaid, on the Second ‘Tuefday next after the paffing of this Aft, or as foon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this Aft; and fhall then, and from Time to Time after, adjourn themrelves to meet at fuch Time and at fuch Place or Places, in or near the faid Road, as they fhall think proper; and that Two Truftees prefent at any Meeting fhall be fufficient for the Purpofe of adjourning; and that if at any Meeting there fhall not appear a fufficient Number of Truftees to aft or to adjourn to another Day; or in cafe the Truftees at any Time affcmbled, fhall not adjourn themfelves, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Clerk to the faid Truftees fhall adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the laft Meeting was appointed to have been held, or was held, as the Cafe may be, and to fuch Time as he fhall think fit, not exceeding Twenty-one Days, nor lefs than Ten Days, from the Time of the laft: Default; and fhall thereof give Notice by Writing, affixed on all the Turnpikes then erefted by virtue of this Aft, at leaft feven Days before the Day of fuch intended Meeting; and in cafe no Adjournment, Notice or Appointment fhall be made or given as aforefaid, then it fhall be lawful for any Five or more of the faid Truftees to caufe Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erefted by virtue of this Aft, appointing the Truftees to meet at fuch Time and at fuch Place, in or near the faid Road, as they the faid Five Truftees lhall think proper, not exceeding Three Weeks, nor lefs than Ten Days from the Time of affixing fuch Notice; and the Truftees fhall at their feveral Meetings pay their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the Truftees, in the Execution of this Aft, fhall be made at Meetings to be held in purfuance thereof, and not otherwife (except in Cafes hereby particularly provided for); and that no Order or Determination fhall be valid, unlefs the major Part'of the Truftees prefent at fuch Meeting fhall concur therein; and that all fuch Truftees as are in the Commiflion of the Peace, may aft as Juftices in the Execution of this Afl, notwithftand-ing their being Truftees, except in Inch Cafes where they fhall be perfon-ally interefted; and in all Cafes where the Truftees, or any Juftice or

Juftices

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. lor.	1925

Juftices of the Peace, are authorized to examine any Perfon or Perfonson fog Juftices Oath, which Oath it (hall be lawful for fuch Truftees, or any Two or way ad as more of them, or for fuch Juftice or Juftices to adminifter j and that no fuch>

Order, made by Five or more Truftees, fhall be revoked or altered at Mayadmi-

any Meeting, where lefs than Nine Truftees fhall be prefent, nor without nifter Oaths.

the aduai Concurrence of a greater Number of Truftees than thofe who Orders not to

made fuch original Order, nor unlefs Fourteen Days’ Notice at the leaft,

of fuch intended Alteration, (hall have been given at a previous Meeting teue^ y ra'

of the Truftees, and entered in the Books of Proceedings, and affixed on

ail .the Turnpikes, which, by virtue of this Ad, fhall be then ereded.

Ten Days at leaft, before fuch Meeting.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if after any Meetings on Adjournment of the faid Truftees it (hall at any Time be thought ne- Emergencies, ceffary that an earlier Day of Meeting (hould be appointed, than the Day

to which fuch Meeting fhall have been adjourned, the Clerk, by an Order in Writing, figned by Five or more Truftees, (although not affembled at a Meeting,) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpofe of fuch Meeting, fhall forthwith give Notice of fuch earlier Meeting in the Manner laft hereinbefore direded, fuch Time not being lefs than Seven Days after fuch Notice; and all Proceedings of the Truftees at fuch Meetings (hall be as valid as they would have been in cafe the Truftees had met in pur-fuance of an Adjournment.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That all Orders and Proceedings of Orders, &c. the Truftees (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur- tobeectered* pofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings, fo entered, (hall be figned by the Truftees making the fame, or by their Clerk, which Book or Books, and

alfo the Book or Books hereinafter direded to be kept for regiftcring Mortgages and Aflignments, or Tranfcripts thereof, (hall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Truftees, or any Five or Officers to be more of them, (hall and may, from Time to Time, by Writing under appointed, their Hands, appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treafurer or Trea-

furers, Colledor or Colledors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the faid Road, and fuch other Officers as they the faid Truftees (hall think necdfary, and from Time to Time remove any fuch Officer or Officers, and on the Death or Deaths, Removal or Removals, of fuch Officer or Officers, may appoint others in their Stead; but Fourteen Days’ Notice (hall be given in Manner laft aforefaid, of every Meeting where any fuch Appointment (hall be made, after the Firft Meeting of the faid Truftees j and the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arifing by virtue of this Ad, to pay fuch Salaries, and make fuch Allowances to fuch Officers, and other Perfons employed, for their Services in or about the amending, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the laid Road, or any Part thereof, or otherwile, in putting this Ad in Execution, as they the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall think realonable.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or Treafarer more of them, fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required to give Sec*.**

[Loc &	21	T	take	r,ty.

1926

No Victaal ler to hold t Place of Profit.

Officers to account on Oath.

48“ GEORGII III. Cap. jot.

take fuch Security from the Treafurer or Treafurers, and Collectors and Receivers of the Tolls to be appointed for the Purpofes 0f this Aft, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as to the laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (hall feem meet; and that no Perfon lhali be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Aft, who (hall fell Wine, Cyder, Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Officers and all other Perfons who ffiall be appointed under or by virtue of this Aft, (hall, from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, deliver to fuch Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall refpeftively, for that Purpofe, appoint, a true and perfeft Account in Writing, under their refpeftive Hands, of all Monies which (hall have been by them refpeftively had, collefted, or received by virtue of this Aft, and how and to whom, and for what Purpofes the fame, and every Part thereof, hath been difpofed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for fuch Payments, and (hall verify the Accounts upon Oath, (which Oath any Two or more of the faid Truftees, or any Juftice of the Peace for the County where fuch Officer or Perfon lhall relide, are hereby empowered to adminiflerj) and fuch Officers and Perfons final), and they are hereby refpeftively required, to pay all fuch Monies as upon the Balance of fuch Account or Accounts ffiall appear to be in his or their Hands, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Truftees ffiall appoint to receive the fame ; and if any of the faid Officers or Perfons ffiall refufeor negleft to render and give fuch Accounts as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforefaid; or if any fuch Officers or Perfons ffiall refufe or negleft to deliver up to the faid Truftees, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they ffiall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being thereunro required by the faid Truftees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their refpeftive Cuftody or Power, anyways relating to the Execution of this Aft, or to the (aid Road, and Complaint ffiall be made of any fuch Negleft or Refufai to any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fo neglefting or refufing, ffiall live and refide, by any Five or more of the faid Truftees, or by any Perfon or Perfons on their Behalf, fuch Juftice may, and is hereby authorized and required, to fummon fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, to appear before him, and in cafe of his or their riot appearing upon (uch Summons, the fame having been ferved upon him or them perfonally, or left at his or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, (no reafonable Caufe or Caufes being ffiewn for fuch Non-appearance,) to iflue hisWarrant orWar-rant3 for his or their Apprehenfion ; and upon his or their appearing upon fuch Summons, or being apprehended and brought before him by fuch Warrant, or having abfeonded, or not being to be found, it ffiall be lawful for any fuch Juftice to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Complaint in a fummary Way, and if upon the Confeffion of the Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, againit whom any fuch Complaint ffiall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witnels or Witneffes, it ffiall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which ffiall have been To collefted or received ffiall be in the .Hands of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, fuch Juftice may, and he is hereby'authorized

and

48°GEORGII III. Cap. lot.	1927

and required, upon Non-pavment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons refpeCtivcly ; and if no Goods or Chattels (hall be found fuf-ficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid Money, and the Charges of levying the fame; or if fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, appearing or being brought before fuch Juftice in the Manner aforefaid, ffiall refule or neglect to give and deliver to the faid Juftice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforelaid, or to verify the Truth of fuch Accounts, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforefaid, or to produce and deliver up to the faid Juftice the feveral Vouchers and Receipts relating to fuch Accounts refpe&ively, or the Books, Accounts,

Papers, and Writings, in his or their Cuftody or Power, relating to the Execution of this ACt, or to the faid Road, then, and in either of the Cafes aforefaid, the faid Juftice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit fuch Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons, to the common Gaol of the County where he or they (hall live and refide, or to any Houfe of Correction within the fame, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they ffiall have delivered in and fettled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and ffiall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and ffiall have paid the Money which ffiall appear to be in his or their refpe&ive Hands, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, as ffiall in that reipeCt have been made, or until he or theiy ffiall have compounded with the faid Truftees for the fame, and paid the Compofition Money to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or fuch Perlon or Perfons as they ffiall appoint to receive the fame, (and which Compofition the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make,) or until he or they ffiall deliver up fuch Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or have given Satisfaction in refpeCt thereof to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ; but no fuch Officer or other Perfon, who ffiall be committed for Default of Diftrefs only, ffiall be detained in Prifon for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII.	And be it further enaCted, That when and as often as any Col- Truftees to JeCtor or Receiver of the Tolls ffiall negleCt or be incapable of perform- aPP°»nt cem-ing his Duty, or ffiall abfcond or abfent himfelf, any Two or more of Co!* the faid Truftees, though not aflembled at a Meeting of the Truftees appointed by virtue of this ACt, ffiall and may lawfully difcharge fuch Collector or Receiver; and in fuch cafe, and alfo in cafe any Collector or Receiver ffiall die, fuch Truftees as aforefaid, ffiall and may nominate and appoint a proper Perfon to be a Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the Truftees, which Perfon, fo nominated and appointed, ffiall have the like Power and Authority, and be anfwerabie and accountable in the fame Manner in ail RefpeCts,"as the Perfon who ffiall fo die, or be difeharged, would have had or been fubjeCt to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the faid Tolls, who ffiall be difeharged from his faid Office by virtue of this ACt, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprefentarives of any Collector or Receiver, who ffiall die or be difeharged, or any other Perfon ffiall refule to deliver up the Poffeffion of any Toll Houfe or Building to be ereCtcd or fee up by virtue of this Aft, for the Space of

Two

19*8	48°	GEORGII	III. Cap. ioi.

Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpofe by any Two or more of the faid Truftees, then, and in any of the faid Cafes, it (hall be lawful for any Juftice cr Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Conftable or other Pea:e Officer for the fame County, with fuch Alfiftance as (hall be neceftary, to enter fuch Houfe or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Per-fon or Perfons who (hall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the faid Truftees, or any Two of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the PofTeffion thereof.

Power to XIII. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Truflees, or any Five erect Gates. or more 0f them> (hall and may erect or fet up, and build, or caufe to be erected, fet up, and built upon, in, or acrofs any Part or Parcs of the faid Road, or acrofs any Road or Lane, that doth, or (hall lead into, or out of any Part or Parts of che faid Road, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Bar or Side Bars or Gates, and alfo One or more Toll Houfe or Toll Houfes, with Outbuildings fuitable thereto, and take in and inclofe on the Sides of the faid Road, as many Garden Spots as there (hall be Toll Houfes thereupon, fuitable and convenient for each refpe&ive Toll Houfe or Toll Houfes, not exceeding One Rood each; and pull down and remove the lame as they the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, ffiall think proper, and direct or appoint j and the Tolls following (hall be demanded and taken by fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall from Time to Time appoint to receive the fame, before any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beaft, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Side Gate, to be ere&ed by virtue of this At5l, upon, or acrofs the faid Road, or upon, or acrofs any Lane or Way, leading into the fame: (that is to fay)

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaft, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chail'e, Calalh, Barouche, Curricle, Phaeton, Taxed Cart, or other fuch Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Pair of Oxen, Bullocks, or other Neat Cattle, drawing in any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs or Pair of Oxen, Bullocks, or other Near Cattle, drawing in any other Carriage of the like Nature, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Three-pence :

For every Horfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number :

For every Drove of Calves, Pigs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Number:

For

48° GEORGII 1H. Cap. ioi.

For every Beaft of Draught employed-in drawing any Carriage or Car -riages laden with Timber, Plank, Boards, Wood, Bricks, or Tiles, Gun or any other Iron, Hop-poles, Marl, Chalk Marl,orCha!k, Sand, Stone, Gravel, or Coals, palling through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erefted by virtue of this Aft, between the Twentieth Day of Oblober and the Firft Day of April in every Year double the Tolls or Dufies which che fame would otherwife hereby be liable to pay at each Gate or Turnpike through which fuch Carriage or Carriages fo laden fliall pafs, and at which they fhall be liable to pay Toll :

And for every Beaft: of Draught employed in drawing any Carriage or Carriages laden with Hay or Straw for Sale pa fling through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erefted by virtue of this Aft, between the Twentieth Day of OEtober and the Firft Day of April in every Year a Toll greater by One-half than the Tolls or Duties which the fame would otherwife hereby be liable to pay at each Gate or Turnpike through which fuch Carriage or Carriages fo laden fhall pafs, and at which they (hall be liable to pay Toll : And that Double the faid refpeftive Tpjls fhall be demanded and taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Aft.

Which faid refpeftive Tolls or Duties fhall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll, and (hall be and are hereby vefted in the faid Trustees, and fhall be applied as hereinafter is direfted ; and if any Perfon or Perfons fubjeft to the Payment of any of the faid Tolls, fhall, after Demand thereof made, negleft or refute to pay the fame, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or, Perfons appointed to colleft fuch Tolls, by himfelf, her-felf, or themfelves, or taking fuch Affiftance as he, fhe, or they fhall think necefiary, (and which Aflifrance all Perfons are hereby required to give if called upon,) to feize and diftrain any fuch Horfes or other Cattle or Beafts. or the Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harncfs, Accoutrements, or a fufficient Part thereof j and if fuch Tolls, and the reafonable Charges of fuch Diftrefs, fhall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after fuch Diftrds made, the Perfon or Perfons fo diftraining fhall and may fell che Horfe or Horfes, Cattle or other Things fo diftrained, or a fufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus, (if any be,) and what fhall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after fuch Tolls and reafonable Charges for making fuch Diftrefs and keeping and felling the fame fhall be dedufted and paid.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That no more than One Toll fhall be demanded or taken from any Perfon or Perfons for once palling and repaffing the fame Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucceeding Night, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beafts, or Carriages, through all the laid Gates or Turnpikes to be erefted on any of the faid Roads hereby direfted to be made and repaired between Pyeccmbe Church and Hick-/had Place \ nor fhall any more than One Toll be taken or demanded from any Perion or Perfons for once pairing and repaffing the fame Day with the lame Horfes, Cattle, Beafts, and Carriages through all the faid Gates or Turnpikes to be erefted between Hickftead Place and Slaftlefield Common; buc that all and every Perfon and Perfons, having paid fuch relpcCtivc Tolls, and producing a Note or Ticker, or Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment thereof, (which the Collectors thereof are required [Lee. & Per.]	ai	Z	to

1929

Carriages laden with Timber, &c. at what Time to pay Double Tolls.

Hay or Straw for Sale, at what Time to pay Toll.

Double Toll on Sundays.

Penalty on refufmg to pay Toll.

No more than One Toll to be paid for paffing and repaffing the fame Day, between Pyeccmbe Church and Hickftead Place.

*93°

What Number of Tolls to be taken.

But a.hew

Toll to be paid every third Time.

Perfons not liable to any increafed Charge by paffing through any Side Gates.

Not to put Gate or Side-Gates on the Road, between Cud-ler’s Brook, and Sayer’s Common.

Difputes concerning Tolls to be fettled by a Juftice.

4.8'GEORGII III. Cap. 1 or.

to give grafts,) (hall once pafs and repafs the fame Day with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages Toll Free through all the Turn-pikes or Toll Gates to be erefted on the fa-id Roads between the refpec-tive Places aforefaid; but if any Perfon or Perfons fliall pafs through any Gate or Turnpike between the refpeftive Places aforefaid a third Time with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then, and in that Cafe, fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall again be liable to pay the faid Toll, and fo tQtiss quotiss for every third Time the faid Perfon fliall pafs the fame Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the faid Roads between the refpeftive Places aforefaid with fuch Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That no more chan Two Tolls in the whole fhall be demanded and taken from any Perfon for once palling and repafling the fame Day, to be computed as aforefaid, with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, through all the faid Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erefted by virtue of this Aft between Pyecombe Church and Stapiefield Common aforefaid, but that all and every Perfon and Perfons, having paid the faid Two Tolls in the whole, and producing fuch Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, as aforefaid, lhall once pafs and repafs the fame Day with the lame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll Free, through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erefted on the faid Roads by this Aft; but if any Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs through any Gate or Turnpike a third Time with the fame Horfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then, and in that Cafe, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall again be liable to pay the faid Toll, and fo toties quoties for every third Time the laid Perfon or Perfons fhall pafs the lame Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the faid Roads with the fame Hcrfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforefaid.

XVI.	Provided alfo. That no Perfon fliall be made liable to any double or increafed Charge by reafon of his paffing through any Side Gate or Side Bar to be erefted by virtue of this Aft upon or acrofs any Lane or Road leading into or out of any of the laid Roads to be repaired by virtue of this Aft through any other of the Turnpikes to be erefted by virtue of this Aft acrofs fuch Roads, beyond what he would be liable to pay if he had pafled through either of the faid Gates only, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notsvithdanding.

XVII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this Aft fliall extend, or be condrued to extend, to empower, or in any Manner authorize rhe faid Trudees to ereft or fee up, or caufe to be erefted or fet up, any Turnpike or Turnpikes upon, or acrofs, or on the Side or Sides of the Road to be made, widened, or improved byvirtue of this Aft between a certain* Brook called CudJer’s Brook, in the Parifh of Albourne, and a certain Common called Sayer’s Common, in the Parilh of Hurjlperpoint.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted,.That if any Dif-pute fhall happen about the Quantity of Toils due, or the Charges of keeping any Diftrefs, it fhall be lawful for the Colleftor, or Perfon dif-trairiing, to retain the fame, or the Money arifing by the Sale thereof, as the Cale may happen, until the Quantity of the Tolls due, and Charges of making fuch Didrefs, and of keeping and felling the fame, fliall be af-

certained

i93i

48°GEORGir III. Cap.i ox.

certained by fome JuEliceof the Peace of the faid County of Sujfext who* upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, (ball examine the faid Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or other Witncfs or Witncfles, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and alfo affefs the Charges of fuel) Diftrels, keeping and Sale, and alio of the Colleftor’s Attendance for that Purpofe, on the faid Juflice, all which Sums, fo determined or affefled, fhall be paid to the faid Collcflor or other Perfon, before he fhall be obliged to return the Diftrefs, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XIX.	And be it further enafled, That in cafe any Difpute, Suit, or CoUeflori of Litigation, fhall arife touching, or in anywife relating to the faid Tolls,

the Perfon or Perlons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Perfon or Perfons afting by or under the Authority of the faid Truftees, fhall not by reafon thereof be difqualified from giving Evidence in any fuch Difpute, Suit, or Litigation.

XX.	. And in order to prevent the Mifconduft of the Perfons employed Punilhing

as Colleftors of the faid Tolls, be it further enafled, That every Perfon C?!)e?or-	.

employed to collect any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, mi ’ avII13’ fhall affix his Chriftian and Surname on a Board, on fome confpicuous Part of the Toll Houfe, at which he lhall be appointed to collect the faid Tolls, on each and every Day that he fhall continue in fuch Collection, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every’

Neglefl thereof; and if any fuch Collector fhall wilfully mifbehave him-fclf in the Collection of the faid,.Tojis, to any Per fon or Perfons palling, or claiming to pafs, through any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of’ this Act, and lhall be thereof convicted on his own Confeflion, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before One or more' of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, he lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds; and in Default of Payment thereof, lhall be committed to the Common Gaol, oc Houfe of Correction, for any Time not exceeding One Cr.cedar Month.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid Truflees, or any Five' foils to be or more of them, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered divided, lef-from Time to Time, as they fhall think proper, to leffen, vary, or alter Pned.varied, all, or any Part or Parts of fuch Tolls, at all, any, or either of the faid or al“rei1' Turnpikes, and to raife the fame again, fo as they do not exceed the

Tolls by this Aft granted; but no luch Alteration, Variation, or Reduction lhall be made, unlefs Notice in Writing be given for that Purpofe, by affixing the fame upon all the Turnpikes erefled by virtue of this Aflat lead Ten Days belore the Meeting for making fuch Reduftion; and fuch Tolls fo leficned, varied, or altered, fhall be collefted, recovered and applied in the larne Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are direfled to be collefled: Provided always. That when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of this Aft lhall not have been paid off or dif-charged, the Tolls hereby granted fhall not be leffened or reduced, without the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to Five-fixch Parts of the Money remaining due upon the Credit ot this Aft.

XXII. Pro.

93

Exemption from 1 ollp-

Penalty on claiming Exemptions unlawfully.

To prevent evading the

Tolls,

480 GEORGtl Hi. Cap. lor.

XXH. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Toll fhall be demanded p: taken for any Carriage, or any Horfe, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning Worn carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the fame Day, Gravel, Stone, or ocher Materials* for repairing the laid Read, or any of the Roads in the Townfliips or ParifheS in which fuch Road doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only,'not fold or difpofed of, but palling to be laid up or placed in the Out-houfes or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Implements of Hufbandry, cr carrying any Manure, Fodder, Mould, Dung for Improve merit of Land, or other Manure, (Chalk, Lime, Marl, and Chalk Marl excepted); or returning empty from carrying the fame, nor Ihail any Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Perfon or Perfons, redding in any Townfhip or Parilh, in' which the faid Road lies, who fhall pafs through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, to or from their proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhip, tolerated by Law wjthin the Parilh where they fhall refpe&ively refide, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Worfhip is orde/ed by Authority to be celebrated, or who fhall attend the Funeral of any Perfon who fhall die and be buried in any of the faid Parifhes; or from any Clergyman going to, or returning from vifitingany Sick Perfon, or upon other his parochial or Minifterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horfes or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Paflure, or going to be, or returning from being fhoed, or for any Horfe or Carriage of whatever Defcriptioh, employed, or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreffes, under the Authority of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding fuch Mails or Expreffes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horfes belonging to, or attending any OfficeiVor Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; or for any Horfes, Cattle or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of. any fuch Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any fick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers ; or for any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, furnifhed by, or for any Perfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the'Pktce appointed for, and on the Days of Exercife: Provided that fuch Perfons be drefied in the Uniform of their refpedtive Corps, ahd have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fuch Corps refpeftively, at the Time of claiming fuch Exemption as aforefaid ; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Paffes, or for any Horfes or Carriages carrying or conveying any Perfon or Perfons to, or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to ferve in Parliament for the faid County of Sujfex, on the Day or Days of fuch Ele&ion, or on the Day before or Day after fuch Ele&ion fhall begin or be concluded; and if any Perfon mall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions' by this Att granted, noc being entitled to the fame, every fuch Perfon ihali forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Petfons fhall with any Horfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pafs through or over any Land, Ground, or Plate, lying by the Side of, or near to any Part of the

faid

*933

48* GEORGII III. Cup. 101.

laid Road, or if any Perfon or Perfons owning or occupying any fuch Land, Ground, or Place, the fame not being a public Highway, fhall knowingly permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons to pafs with any Horfe,

Cattle, Beaft, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby the Payment of the faid Tolls, or any Part thereof, (lull be avoided; or if any Perfon or Perfons (ball forge or counterfeir, or (hall give to, or receive from any other Ptrfon or Perfons, any Note or Ticket by this Ad direded to be given by the Colledor of the Tolls; or take off, or caufe to be taken off, or taking off any Horfe or other Bead from any Carriage, or having palled through any Turnpike, (hall afterwards add or puc any Horfe or other Bead to mentof any fuch Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the faid Tolls, Tolls, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall do any other Ad in order, or with Intent, to avoid the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, every fuch Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid (hall, for each Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Moiety whereof fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be applied towards thePurpofcs of this Ad.

XXIV.	And be ic further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Truftees may faid Trudees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the paflSng of any for ruiis* Carriage, Horfes, Beads, or other Cattle, travelling on the faid Road, for

all or any of the Tolls to be paid in refped thereof, for any Term nut exceeding One Year at any One Time j which Compofition Money (hall be paid in advance Quarterly, or otherwife as the faid Trudees, or any Five or more of them, (hall appoint; and, in default of fuch Payment, the Compofition or Agreement with the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default fhall from thenceforth be void, and all luch Compofition Money fhall be applied in fuch Manner as the Tolls are hereby direded to be applied.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Trudees may Trudees, or any Five or more of them, upon Thirty-one Days* Notice leafethe

to be given thereof, upon all the Turnpikes then ereded by virtue of Tolls* this Ad, and advertifing the fame in fome Newfpaper ufually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the faid Road, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to let or farm the Tolls arifing by this Act, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall be willing to take or farm the fame from Year to Year, or for any Part of the Term hereby-granted, not exceeding Three Years at anyone letting, upon public Bidding to the highed Bidder, and for the bed Price fuch Trudees can get for the fame, payable Quarterly in advance, and in fuch Manner, and under fuch Covenants, and with fuch Securities for the Payment thereof, as the faid Trudees, or any Five or more of them fhall think fit, which Money fo to be paid, fhall be applied, and difpofed of as the Tolls granted by this Ad are direded to be applied and difpofed of,

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That during fuch Times as the faid Leffees or Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, lhall be leafed, demifed, or in farm Perfons ap-to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, it fhall and may be lawful to and Poinl#d hY for the Leffee or Leffees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or fuch other Per- collTcUhe fon or Perfons, as be or they lhall by Writing or Writings under his. Tolls. ' 6 her or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint to demand and take

[Loc. d? Per.]	22	A	__	che

193 +

Turnpikes to be veiled in Truftees.

For (hutting up certain Lanes.

For borrowing Money.

48” GEORG 11 III. Cap. 101.

the Hud Tolls, fo leafed, demifed, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purpoies whatsoever, as any Collector of (he (aid Tolls appointed by the laid Truftees, is hereby autho-r zed and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame ; and fuch Lefice or Lefiees, Farmer or Farmers, or other I'erfon or Pcrfons, as aforefaid, fhall be fubject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and (hall be liable to the like Actions and Profecutions as any Collector of the faid Tolls appointed by the laid Truftees, is fubjeit or liable to.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That the Right and Property of all the Turnpike Gates, Bars, Rails and Fences, Toll Houles and Buildings, which fhall be ereded by vi/tue of this Ad, with their Appurtenances, and of the Materials for building or repairing the fame, and for completing and repairing the faid Road, and all fuch Materials made ufe of for the Purpofes of this Ad, or collected to be made ufe of, lhall be, and they aie hereby vefted in the faid Truftees; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to difpofe of the fame as they fliall think proper, and to bring, or caul'e to be brought, any ACtion or Actions in the Name of their Clerk, for the Time bein", or to prefer, or caufe to be preferred, any Bill or Bills of Indictment againft: any Perfon or Pcrfons who fliall fteal, take away, break, or damage the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or difturb them or their Agents or Servants, in the Poffefllon thereof.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to flute up, or caufe to be fliut up, a certain Wapple Road, Bridle Road or Lane, leading out of the Road to be made by virtue of this Ad, on the Eaft Side thereof, and leading through certain Lands, in the Parifh of Hurjlper-point aforefaid, called Little Stuckles, to a certain Lane, called Cobb's Mill Lane, in the fame Parifh; and alfo a certain Wapple Road, Bridle Road or Lane, leading from Bolney Street, in the Parifh of Bolney, through certain Lands, called Gallon’s Lands, into the Road to be made by virtue of this Ad, at or near Rice Bridge, in the Parifh of Bolney aforefaid ; and alfo a certain Lane leading from Ilickjlead Crofs to Hickjlead Place; and alfo a certain Foot Road leading from Hickjlead Place aforefaid, through certain Lands, called Berry Lands, in the Parifh of Hurjl-perpoint aforefaid, into the faid Road to be made by virtue of this Ad, by ereCling, or cauftng to be ereded, any Gate or Gates, Mound or Mounds, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences, at the Ends leading out of the faid Turnpike Road ; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall deftroy or damage any fuch Mounds, Gates, Rails, or Fences, or any other Mounds, Gates, Rails, or Fences fet up by the faid Truftees, by the Authority of this Ad, every fuch Perfon lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with all Charges and Ex-pences attending the repairing or reftoring of fuch Gate or Gates, Mound or Mounds, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Intereft, upon the Credit of the Tolls, payable by virtue of this Ad, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall think proper, and to mortgage

and

1935

48' GEORGII III. Cap.ioi.

and afiign the faid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and any of the Turnpikes and Toll Houfes for collecting the fame, (the Colts and Charges of fuch Mortgages co be paid out of fuch Tolls,) to any Perfon or Perfons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Afiigns, who fhall advance or lend their Monies thereon, for any Time or Term during the Continuance of this ACl, as a Security or Securities for the ieveraj Sums of Money that fhall be fo borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforefaid, by the following Words, under their Hands, or by any other Words to the like EffeCt: (videlicet)

4 TJ Y virtue of an ACt made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of Form of Af-His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [here fet forth the fignrnent*

4 Title of this AEf\ wc Five of the Truflees for the laid Road in cori-4 fideration of the Sum of	to the Treafurer

4 of the faid Road, in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demife 4 unto A. B.y his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns, fuch Propof-4 tion of the Tolls arifing from the faid Road, and of the Turnpikes and 4 Toll Houfes for collecting the fame, as the faid Sum of 4	doth	or	fhall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the

4 Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term of the laid ACt, to be had 4 and holden from this	Day of	in	the Year

4 of our Lord	,	for and during

4 the Continuance of the faid ACt, unlefs the faid Sum of 4	,	with Intereft at the Rate of	per Certtum per

4 Annum, fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.’

And that Copies of all fuch Mortgages and Afiignments fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for chat Purpofe, by the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truflees j but no Money fhall be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, after the firft Meeting of the faid Truflees, unlefs Notice be for that Purpofe affixed in Writing, upon all the Turnpikes, then ereCted by virtue of this Aft, at leaft Twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof, and the Intention thereof be alfo advertifed, twice at leaft, in fome Newfpaper ufually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the faid Road $ and all and every Perfon and Perfons co whom any fuch Mortgage or Afilgnment fhall be made as aforefaid, or who fhall be entitled to the fame, is and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to aflign over or transfer fuch Security or Securities, or any Share thereof, and all or any Part of the Monies due thereon, to any Perfon or Perfons whom-feever, by figning an Inftrumenc to be annexed to fuch Security, or by an Indorfement on the fame, in the following Words, or Words to tht like EffeCt: (videlicet)

‘ T A. B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage, [if hy Indorfement, Form of 4 A or if by a Jeparate Injirument, a certain Mortgage,) bearing Date Transfer,

4 the	Day	of	of	the	Tolls arifing on the Road, to

4 be amended and kept in Repair, by virtue of an Act made in the 4 Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled * [here infect the Title of this A3,) and all my Right and Title to the 4 principal Money and Intereft thereby fecured unto C. D., his Execu-4 tors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns. Dated this	Day of

a.b:

All

1936	4^c	GEORGII III. Cap. 101.

All which Transfers fhall be produced or notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the faid Truftees, within Twenty-one Davs after the Date thereof, who fhall caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, in the before mentioned Book or Books, fpecifying the Dates and Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the feveral Parties, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein transferred j for which the faid Clerk or Clerks fhall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch refpedtive Transfers (hall be made, which faid Book or Books (hall and may be infpected ac all reafonable Times, by any Perfon or Perfons whomlbever, and the Sum of Two Shillings and no more (hall be paid to fuch Clerk or Clerks, for every fuch InfpeSion; and after fuch Entry made, but not till then, every fuch Transfer (hall entitle fuch Afiignee, his, her, and their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afiigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and fuch Afiignee may, in like Manner, aflign again, and fo toties quoties, and it (hall not be in the Power of any Perfon who (hall have made any fuch Transfer, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the original Mortgage or Afiignment, or any Monies due thereon.

XXX.	And be it further enabled. That no Preference (hall be given to any Perfon or Perfons, advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this A<ft, his, her, or their Afiignee or Afiigns, in refpcfl to the Priority of the Mortgage, or Afiignment, or of advancing fuch Sum or Sums of Money ; but that all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Afligments (hall be made as aforefaid, his, her, and their Afiignee and Afiigns, fhall be (in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) Creditors on this A<ft, and in equal Degree one with another.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe the faid Truftees (hall, at any Time or Times, be defirous of paying off any Portion of the principal Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the faid Road, it (hall and may be lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden as aforefaid, (Notice of fuch intended Meeting, and of the Purpofe thereof, being firft given, at lead Ten Days preceding the fame, by Advertifement in fome Newfpaper. printed in or ufually circulated within the faid County of Sujfex,) if they (hail think fit, inftead of paying the fame rateably amongft all the Creditors, to determine by Lot to which of fuch Creditors the whole, or any Portion thereof, fhall be fo paid, and to pay the (ame to fuch Creditor or Creditors only, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-11 and ing.

AH Creditors to be deemed equal in Degree.

For paying Creditors by Lot.

For Payment of the Ex-pences of palling this Aft.

Further Application of Money.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That out of the firft Monies that fhall be raifed by virtue of this Aft, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall pay and difeharge all the Cofts, Charges, and Ex-pences relative to the procuring and palling this Aft, in preference to any other Payment whatfuever, and after Payment thereof, all fuch Money which fhall come to the Hands of the faid Truftees by virtue of this Aft fhall be from Time to Time applied in the Execution of this Aft, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatloever.

XXXIII.	And

4-8° GEORGII III.	Cap.	tor.	1937

XXXm. And be ic further enaded,, That it Hull be lawful fur the Fer gernng Surveyor or Surveyors of the laid Road, and all fuch Perfons as he or they fhall appoint, to fearch for, dig, gather, get, and take away any t^ad. Stones, Gravel, C halk, Furze, Heath, Sand, or other Materials for amending, altering, improving, or repairing the faid Road, out of any Wafte or Common, or out of any River or Brook in any Parifli, Hamlet, Towe?(hip or Place in, adjoining to, or lying near the faid Road, or in anv neighbouring Parifh, Hamlet, Townlhip, or Place, wichout paying any Thing for the fame, they the faid Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfon or Perfons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where fuch Materials fhall be taken, or railing or fencing off fuch Pits cr Quarries, fo chat the fame may not be dangerous to Paffengers or Cattle j and if a fufiicient Quantity of fuch Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any fuch Wade or Common,

River or Brook, then, and in fuch Cafe the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perfons as aforefaid, may, bv Order of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for thedaid County of Sujfex, to be made upon the Application of the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fearch for, dig, gather, get, and take away any fuch Materials in and out of the Lands, Fields, Private or Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons where the fame may be had or Ground, found, (fuch Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard,

Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houfe or any Piece of Ground planted and let apart as a Nurfery for Trees,) making or tendering fuch Satisfaction for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of any fuch Lands, Fields, or Grounds where and from whence the fame lhail be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame, or any other Materials for amending, altering, improving, or repairing the faid Road (hall be carried, as (hall be agreed upon between them and fuch Owner or Occupier $ or in cafe of their not agreeing, then as any Two or more Juftices of the Peace ading in and for the laid County of Sujfix (hall and may adjudge and determine to be reafonablc i which Judgment or Order of the laid Juftices therein (hall be final and conclu-iiye to all Parties.

XXXIY. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it Notice to be fhall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any Perfon or Perfons ading before under the Authority of this Ad, to dig, gather, gee, take, or carry MaterlaIs away any Materials for repairing fuch Road out of or from any inclofed ta cn*

Land or Ground, until Notice in Writing, figned by the Surveyor, (hall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifes from which fuch Materials are intended to be taken, or lett at the Houle or lad or ulual Pl ace of Abode of luch Occupier, to appear before the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or any Two or moie Juftices of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein luqh Premifes lhail lie, to (hew Caufe why fuch Materials fhall not be had from fuch Lands or Grounds j and in cafe fuch Occupier, or his Agent, (hall attend puriuant to luch Notice, but (hall not (hew fufficienc Caule to the contrary, the faid Truftees, or fuch Juftices (hall, if they think proper, authorize fuch Surveyors or other Perfons co dig, gather, ger, take, and carry away luch Materials, at fuch Time or Times as to luch Truftees, or to fuch Juftices (hall feem proper ; and if fuch Occupier or his Agent (hall negled or refufe to appear by himfelf or Agent, the faid Truftees, or fuch Juftices (hall and may make fuch Order therein as they (hall think fit, as fully and ji [Lot. & Per.]	22	B	effedually

*938

Penalty on taking away Materials.

For removing Annoy-

Againftdravv ing Timber, except on

48sGEORG II III. Cap. ici.

effe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon whofoever

flial! take away any Materials which have been dusr, gathered, or gof, in any Lands, Fields, Grounds, Walks or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, for the Purpofes of this Act, or fhall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which Ihai! have been made for the Purpofe of getting Materials for the laid Road, before the faid Surveyors or their Workmen fhall have difcontinued working therein, for the Space of Fourteen Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Perfons authorized by fuch Owner or Occupier to get the Materials therein, for his own private Ufe only, and not for Sale,) every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.	u

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall he lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Perfons as he or they^fhall appoint, by Direction, and under the Hands of any Three or more of the laid Trustees, from Time to Time, to remove all Annoyances made on any Part of the faid Road by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw Pits, Hovels, Filth, Dung, Alhes, Rubbifh, Scraw, or otherwife, and difpofe of the fame for Benefit of the faid Road ; and to turn any Watercourfes, Sinks, or Drains running along into, or out of the faid Road, to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, and make deeper any Watercourfes or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the fame as deep and large as he or they fhall think neceflary, and to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Bufhes growing in the faid Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, (except Trees planted for Ornament or Shelter to the Houfe, Building, Garden, or Court Yard of the Owner thereof) ; and to cut and reduce all 1’uch Hedges to the Height of Four Feet, in cafe the Perfons occafioning fuch Annoyances fhall negledt to remove the fame, within the Space of Fourteen Days, or the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands fhall negledt to open, fcour, cleanfe, widen, or deepen fuch Watercourfes or Ditches, or to lop or top and remove fuch Boughs, Bufhes, or Lops, or reduce fuch Hedges in fuch Manner as the faid Surveyor or Surveyors fhall require for the Space of Fourteen Days, or to cut down fuch Trees within the Space of Six Calendar Months next, after Notice in Writing given for thole relpeciive Purpofes, under the Hand of fuch Surveyor or Surveyors', or fo near thereto as the proper Seafon will allow for fuch reducing of Hedges, or cutting down, topping or lopping of Trees, (the Charges whereof to be fettled by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, for the faid County of Sujfex), fhall be reim-burfed to fuch Surveyor or Surveyors by fuch Owners or Occupiers, and fhall be reebveredin fuch Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter dire&ed to be recovered; and if after the Removal of any of the faid Annoyances, any Perfon fhall again offend in the like Manner, every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch fubfequent Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above the Penalty and Charges before mentioned.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall draw, or raufe to be drawn, upon any Part of thedhid Road any Tree

or

48° GEORGII III. 'Cap. roi.	1939

•or Piece of-Timber, or. any Stone, otherwife than uppn Wheel Carriages, Wheel Car-or ‘(hall iuffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber, or Stone, riages. which (hall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, todragor trail upon any Parc of the laid Road, to the Prejudice thereof, every fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.	'	;. j

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Dung, Affies, Com- Dpng, &c.

poll, Manure, or other Thing, {hall be unloaded or laiddqwn frorp any not to be-laid

Carriage, upon any open or Common Land lying within One hundred °? tJ‘c£,dc,8 ■V .	, v	,	V	..	^	,,	;	A	1 I •	■	r	'	I'• of the Road.

Yards, ct any ot the Turnpike Gates or Bars .erected^by virtue pf tilts

Aft, or upon the Sides of the laid Road, w.ithin.Thircy Feet of ^e Centre of Inch Road, upon .Pain that the Owner or Owners. ot.ey&rf Carriage fo employed, or the Driver or Drivers thereof, llpll fprlejf .(or each and every Offence any Spm not exceeding Five Pounds; One Moiety whereof ihall be paid to the. Informer, and the other Moiety (hall be applied towards the Purpofes of this Aft.	......

d build

- XXXtX. And be it further enacted* That it (ball be lawful-for the To mnk? faid Surveyor, or fuch Perfon or Perlons as he or they fliall appovnf or ^au employ, (fuch Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpofe from the laid Trurtecs, or any Five'or more.of them,} tqim^ke, or.c^ut'e Bridget;'!..r to be made, Caufeways; and alfo covered or opened Drains an.d iii^id’upon, or oni the Sides of the laid Road, tynd ailo Ground?! or Fields:lying contiguous thereto; and to fepur ,/ucji pitches and Drains io as offcftuaUy jto carry off the. Water from any i’^tt of rthe fa'M R'oad; "and alfo to make, or cauic to be made, a Road tfipupgl^.^he .Gronnds’or Fields.at^oining or lying ne.ar to any hollow Way, narrow ,op ruiriOCs-Parc of the'lard Road, (fuch Ground refpeftively not being the Grou: d whereon any Houle or other Byilding (lands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or} planted Walk, or Avenue to any •Hobfe,- or any inch Wed Ground planted and let apart as a Nurfery for Trees^to be made, the of as a Public Highway, whifft the old .Road is repatring or. wid being* and until fuch Time as ic fhall.be convenient for Pafiengers and Carriages to pafs along the famemaking fuch Recommence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private.Grounds refpeftively for the Damages they lhall or may thereby fuftain as the Parties fliall agree upon, or if they lhall not agree then, as (hall be adjudged ‘real'oq-able by any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of •Suffer hut.that no Satisfaction fliall be made for doing or performing any* of <the Works aforefaid, upon or through any Common or Wafle Ground, and alfo by Order of any Five or more of the faid T.ruftees, to build and ereft any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any*.Part or Parts of the faid Road, and acrols any River, Stream, Brook, Water,

Ditch, or Drain therein, or contiguous thereto; and alfo to repair and keep in Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, now erefted and built, or to be hereafter crefted and built, upon any Part or Parts pf the faid -Roadp and acrols any River, Stream, Brook, Water, Ditch, or Drain therein or contiguous thereto; Notice of fuch Intention to build, ereft, or repair any Bridge being ffrfl given by affixing the fame on all the Turnpike Gates that lhall then be erefted by virtue of this Aft, at leaft Twenty-one Days before any Meeting, at which fuch Order to build, 'ereft, or repair any Bridge fliall be made: Provided that nothing in this Aft contained ihall extend to authorize the faid Truflees to lay ouc

any

1940

48u GEORG 11 III. Cap. tot.

any of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Aft in the paving or repairing of any Cauf'ewavs or Pavements in any Town or Street through which any Pair of the faid Road by this Aft direfted to be improved and repaired fhall pafs, but that the fame (hall be wholly paved and repaired by fuch Perfons, and in fuch Manner, as they were before the paffing of this Aft.

Forpunilfcing ^ XL. And be it further enafted, That if' any Perfon or Perfons fhall ob Graft Sur- ’nterruPt or hinder, or caufe to be interrupted or hindered, any Turnpike veyors in	Surveyor, or any other Perfon or Perfons by him, or by the faid Truf-

their Duty, tees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the cutting, digging, gathering, getting, or carrying away of any Sand, Gravel, Chalk, Flints, Stones, or other Materials, or in amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, or repairing the faid Road, or topping, lopping, or cutring any Tree, Top, Lop, or Overhanging?, or in digging, cleaning, or fcouring any new or other Ditch, Drain, or Watercourfc as aforefaid, or in doing any other Aft in or for the Execution of this Aft, by virtue of the Powers by this Aft given, or any of them, every fuch Perfon fhall, for evefy fuch Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Trupees may XLI. And be it further enafted. That the faidTruftees, or any Five P°"ch^f kf ^ rnore them> fhall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from Lands* tobe Time to Time, as they fhall think proper, to widen or divert, turn, taken into	fhorten, vary, or alter the Couffe or Path of any Part or Parts of the

ibe Road.	ftid Road, and that any Variation of Road may be made through any

Comtnbn or Wade Ground, without making any Sacisfaftion for the fame, arid through afny private Grounds, or caber Hereditaments, making Satisfaftion to the Owners thereof, and Perfons interefted therein, for the Damage they m&y thereby fuftainand that ic fhall be lawful for the fard Truftees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to con-tfaft and agree with the Owners of, and Perfons interefted in, any Land*, Grbeh'Hs, or'Hereditaments, for the Purchafe thereof, or for the Lofs or Damah'F fuch Owners or Perfons mdy fuftain by widening, diverting, turning, ihortening, varying, or altering the Courfe or Path of any Part dr Parts of the faid Road, through fuch Lands, Grounds, or Herediu-Incapacitated'nrents; and that it fhall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Perfon* ma/ ’Ecclefiaftical1 crr'Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, F.eof-treat.	fees, Trifftees, and Committees* Executors or Adminiftrators, not only

for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs'and Succeffors, but alfo for and bn‘Behalf of their Infants, Wards, Cefluique frufts, Lunatics, or Periods of Unfound Memory and Underftanding, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or fhall be feifed or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons whomloever, who are or lhall be feifed or pofftfied of, or interefted in any fuch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contraft with the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for fuch Damages as afore* faid, or to fell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of luch Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Parr thereof, for any ot the Purpoies aforefaid } and all Contrafts, Sales, and Conveyances, which fhall be lo made, lhall be valid to all Intents and Purpoles, any Law, Statute, Ufagc, or other Matter whatfoever, to the contrary notwithftinding; and all iuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ec-cleliafticd! or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees,

Truftees,

4-8° GEORG II III. Cap. lot.

Truftees, Committees, and all other Perfons, fhall be and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue of this A&.

XLII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing th" Line of the faid Road, and the Lands through which the fame leads, together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lands, have been depofited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Suffix, be it therefore enabled, That the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference fhall remain in the Cuftody of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, to the end that all Perfons may, at all feafonable Times, have liberty to infpect and perufe the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Plea face, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Five Shillings for every fuch lnfpe&ion, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of fuch Copies or Extra&s of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference and that the faid Truftees in making the faid Road fhall not deviate more than One Hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Line del'cribed in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through wfiofe Lands or Grounds luch Deviation fhall be made.

XLIIT. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees to make the faid new Piece of Road into, through, acrofs, or over the feveral Lands or Grounds of any Perfon or Pei Ions who is or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the fame is fet out and deferibed as aforefaid, although the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen to be omitted in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it fhall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omiffion proceeded from Miftake.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Bodies, or other Pei fun or Perfons as aforefaid, interefted in any fuch Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dweiiing-houfe or Houfes, or other Place or Places of Abode of luch Perfon or Perfons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, or at the Houfe of the Tenant in Pofleffion of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, through which any Part of fuch Road is to be widened, diverted, turned, or altered, fhall, for the Space of Ten Days next after fuch Notice given or left, negledt or refufe to treat, or fhall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence or otherwife fhall be prevented from treating, then, and in every or any fuch Cafe, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall caufe fuch Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and afeer-tained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County wherein the Premifes lie ; and in order thereto the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them ffiall and may iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Suffix, requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return Twenty-four Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries, to appear before the faid Truftees at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant fhall be appointed and fpecificd; and alfo in and by luch Warrant to direft fuch View of the Premifes to be had and taken by the Perfons fo to be impannelled, as

\Loc. fc? Per.]	22 C	they.

I941

For retraining the Truftees from deviating beyond certain Diftances of the Line de-feribed in the Pian, Sec.

Truftees may make Road

Grounds, although the Owners’

not in the Book of Re-

Where Perfons negleft or refufe to treat.

Damage and Recompence to be fettled by a Jury.

194*	4^° GE0RG1I III. Cap.xtu

they, the faid Truftees, Hull judge necefiary for their better Information concerning the fame, and alio by a like Warrant to require the Attendance of any Witnefs before the faid Jury j and fuch Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return luch Number of Perfons accordingly, and out of the Perfons fo fum* moned, impannelled, and returned, or out of luch of them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall, and are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to fwear, or caufe to be fworn. Twelve Men, who (hall be the Jury for the Purpofes aforefaid, and in default of a fufficient Number of Jurymen fo returned, the faid Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, fhall return Inch other honeft and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that Jpeedily can be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve -t which Jury fo impannelled and fworn, fhall forthwith proceed to inquire bercharay an^ a^e^s £*amage and Recompence as aforefaid; and all Perfons leaded." concerned fhall have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen to be fummoned in purfuance of this A <51, in fuch and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftmnfter is or fhall be by Law entitled toj and the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, adting in the Premifes, fhail have Power to examine upon Oath all fuch Witneffes as may be produced before them and fuch Jury, and alfo from Time to Time to impofe any reafonable Fine or Fines upon fuch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premifes j and on any of the Perfons who fhall be fummoned and returned on fuch Jury, and who fhall not appear, (except for fome reafonable Excufe,) or appearing fhall refufe to be fworn on the faid Jury, or being fo fworn, fhall refufe to give, or not give a Verdidt, or fhall in any other Manner wilfully negledt their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi ; and on any of the Perfons, who being required to give Evidence before the faid Jury, fhall refufe or negledt to appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn and examined, or to give Evidence, fo as no fuch Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds on any One Perfon for One Offence; and after fuch Jury fhall have enquired of and aflefied fuch Damages or Recompence as aforefaid, then the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money fo aflefied by the faid Jury, to be paid to the faid Owners or other Perfons interefted in the faid Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Verditt or Inquifition, which Verdict or Inquifition, and the Judgment, Order, or Determination thereon, fhall be final and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, againft all Parties and Perfons whomfoeyer claiming, or to claim in Poffeftion, Reverfion, Remainder, or otherwife, their Heirs and Succefibrs, as well abfent as prefent. Infants, Femes Covert, and Perfons under any Difability whatfoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as ail other Perfons whomfoever.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Jury fhall give in and deliver a Verdift or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence for the Right, Intereft, or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by him, her, or them fuftained, than what fhall have been agreed t<$ and offered by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, before the fummofling and return-

ing

How Ex-pences of Jury (hall be paid.

*94-5

48'GEORGfII III. Cap.iOt.

mg of the Jury, as a Recompense Snd Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or Lois, or Damage as aforefaid, that then, and in fuch Cafe, the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnefles (hall be borne and paid by the Treafurer to the faid Truftees, out of any Money arifing or to arife by virtue of this Aft j but if fuch Jury (hall give and deliver a Verdift or Afieflhnertt for no more or for lefs Money than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, before the fummoning and returning the faid Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intereft, or Property, or Lofs, or Damage as aforefaid, that then the full Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witnefles, and all other ExprenceS attending the hearing apd determining of fuch Difference, (hall be borne and paid by the Perfcm or Perfons with whom the faid Truftees (hall Have l'uch Contfoverfy or Difpute; which faid Cofts and Expences having been afcertained and fettled by fome Juftice of the Peace for the refpeftive County not irite-refted in the Matter 4n queftion, (who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame,) (hall and may be deduced out of the Money fo aflefled and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons* and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies (hall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo aflefled and adjudged. or Otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being fo afcertained and fettled as aforefaid, ma?v be recovered by the Clerk to the faid Truftees, by fuch Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures : Provided always. That in all Cafes where any Perfort or Perfons (ball by reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating with the faid Truftees, (uch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truftees* or any Five or more of them, in Manner aforefaid.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That every Sum of Money or Recompense© to be agreed for or affeffed as aforefaid, (hall be paid out of the Tolls or other Money arifing by virtue of this Aft, according to the Directions hereinafter contained, either into the Bank of England, or, as the Cafe may be, to the Parties or Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or (in cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with,) upon leaving the fame in'the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafur-ers of the faid Road for the Ufe of fuch Parties or Perfons i and afeer Six Days* Notice thereof given to fuch Parties or Perfons, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Fofieffton of the Lands or Hereditaments, i'uch Lands or Hereditaments (hall be laid into and made Part of the faid Road, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees or any Five Of more of ifcdm (hall direft, and (hall be fufficiently ditched, fenced, and fee out for that Purpofe, and (hall to all Intents and Purpofes become and be deemed a common Highway, and (hall from thenceforth for tVtt be deemed as Part of the Road by this Aft direfted to be amended and kept in repair and from thenceforth all Parties and Perfons whomfoever (hall be divefted of all Right and Title to fuch Lands and Hereditaments; but no more Land (hall be taken for the Purpofes of the faid Road without the Content ot the Owner or Proprietor thereof than (hall be fuffi-

cient

Upon the Payment of the Purchafe Money, the Lands to be laid into the Road.

1944-	4B°	GEORGII	III. Cap, tor.

dent to make fuch Road in fuch Part thereof where the fame fhaii be taken, of the Width of Sixty Feet between the Fences thereof; and after fuch new Road (hall be completed, the Land comprifed in, or Former Road conftituting the eld or former Road, fhall be veiled in'the fa id Truftees, may e o . ^nd fhall or may be flopped up or left unrepaired, unkfs the ftame niay be wanted for any public Ufe, or for the particular Convenience of- thtf Occupancy of any Lands or Tenements to which the fame may lead, and lhall be by them the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fold for the beft Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame ; and the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhall be applied to the Purpofes of this A<5t ; and the Conveyance to be made of fuch-Lands being executed by ,any Five dr more of the faid Truftees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace far the laid County of Sujfext fhall be good and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes; but this A£l fhall not extend or give Power to the Truftees a<5ling in the Execution hereof to the taking down of any Dwelling Houfe or other Building, or taking in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling Houfe, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk* or Avenue to a Houfe, or any Part thereof.

XLVlI. Provided always, and be .it enabled. That whereever the Courfc cf any Part of the faid Road (hall be altered by this. A£l; and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchafe of fuch old R.oad fhall be firft: rqade to the Owner of fuch adjoining Land, which lhall be cut and ufed for the purpofe of making fuch new Road ; and in cafe fuch Owner fhall be defirous of becoming the Purchafer of fuch old Road, and cannot agree with the faid Truftees for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the fame, and fuch Owner lhall ftill be defirous of becoming the Purchafer thereof, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Value thereof fhall be fettled and afeertained by a jury in fuch and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this Adi, is directed to be fettled and afeertained in and by this Adt j and fuch Owner fhall be deemed the Purchafer thereof, at tlm Sum to be afeertained by th,e Jury to be the Value thereof; and in cafe fuch Owner fhall refufe to pay fuch Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treafurer or Clerk to the Truftees, and Tender of the Conveyance of fuch old Road, the fame fhall and may be recovered by the faid Truftees by Adlion of Debt, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at fVeJlminJter; and in cafe any fuch Owner lhall not agree, or fhall refufe to purchafe any fuch old Road, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Per fans, (not interefted in the Premifes), to make an Affidavit to be fworn before a Mafter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where fuch old Road fhall lie, dating, that fuch Offer has been made by, or on Behalf of the faid Truftees, and that fuch Owner has not agreed, or has refufed to purchafe fuch old Road, (as the Cafe may be); and fuch Affidavit fhall, in all Courts whatfoever, be fufficient Evidence and Proof, that fuch Offer was made and not agreed to, or refufed by fuch Owner.

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Money ffiall be agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur-chafed, taken, or ufed, by virtue of the Powers of this Adi, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant,

Owners of Lands, ufed in making new Road, to have the Firft Offer of old Road.

Application of Compen-fation, where amounting to

30Ql.

»945

48° GEORGIl III. Cap. 101.

farit, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons, under any Difability or Incapacity, as in this Aft particularly mentioned, fuch Money fhall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Truftees for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Wa -, by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchafe or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Dilcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, afFefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, cr affefting other Lands or Hereditaments, (landing fettled therewith, to the fame, or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpofes; or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefled under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as the Lands, and Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken, or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement fhall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effeft; and in the mean Time, and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court or Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefled by the faid Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the faid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments, fo hereby direfted to be purchafed in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity, as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons, for the Time being, entitled to the Kents and Profirs of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken, or ufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpeftive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the faid Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be pi; ced to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore direfted, or otherwife the fame fhall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the faid Truftees, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be

[Lgc. 0? Per.]	22 D	fignified

Application where the Compenfa-tion does not amount to zool. and is not lefs than 20I.

1946	4S0 0 E O R Gt I III. Cap.ioi.

fignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that fuch principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

whereC*he°n	^rov^e^	alfo,	and	be it further eriafted, That where fuch Money,

Money is lefs agrec^ 0r awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (hall be lefs than sol. than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all fuch Cafes, the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perlon or Perfons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments io purchafed, taken, or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, (hall think fit j or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpeftively.

LI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfon9 to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of any Lands, or Hereditaments, to be purchafed by virtue of this Aft, (hall refule to accept the fame, or fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Gale it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, or Hereditaments, (deferibing them), fubjeft to the Order, Controul, and Difpofuion of the faid Court of Chancery, which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons, making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife as to the fame Court (hall ieem meet, to order the fame to belaid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpective Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable j and the Calhier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

LI I. Provided always, and be it enafted. That where any Queftion Queftion ihal! Hiall arife, touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid the Tide to"8 *nCo the	°* ^ng^an^»' *n c^e Name and with the Privity of the Ac-

Moneytobe countant-General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Act, paid, the Per-for the Purchafe of any Lands, or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, fon who lhall Right, or Intereft in any Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchafed, in °	*	purfuance

In cafe of not

or if Perfons cannot be found, Purchafe Money to be paid into the Bank;

fubjeft to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any

48s GEORGlI III. Cap. id1.	19*7

purfuancc of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fion at the any fuch Money, or the Dividends or Intereft of any iuch Bank An-nuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Poffeffion ot fuch b“lJeeaf^eda Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons ent;tiedthere-claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of luch to, according Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully J.°jfach entitled to fuch Lands, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Poffeffion, 'e i0n‘ until the contrary lhall be ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the faid Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the laid Court, that fuch Poffeffion was a wrohglul Poffeffion, and that fome other Perfon or Periods was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

LIII. Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That where by reafon of any The Court of Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled Chancery to any Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of ^gfonable this Act, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall he required to be paid Erpt nces of into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Purchafes to Lands, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ules, in purfuance of be P“,d by this Act, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery 1 ru tees’ to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Act, or fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court (hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Trufteesout of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who (hall, from Time to Time, pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direct.

LIV. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees may Truftees, or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor Or Sur- cnt'er bands veyors, or Workmen, with or without Carriages or Cattle, from Time to p°0™dake lhe Time, to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or where- ' a upon any Road (hall be thought proper to be made, widened, altered, or turned, and to view, mark, and (take out fuch intended Turning and Alteration, and to enter upon the adjoining Lands, and to put and place any Materials thereon as the faid Truftees (hall think neceffary or proper for the making and completing fuch Alteration, without being liable or fub-je<5t to be deemed a Trefpafferor Trefpaffers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punilhment for fo entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of fuch Lands or Grounds refpe&ively, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of fuch Lands or Grounds for the Damage that (hall be done by any fuch A£ts, to fuch Lands or Grounds whilft the fame Road (hall be fo making, widening, altering, or turning, in cafe fuch Damage (hall exceed the Sum of One Shilling} fuch Damage to be afeerrained by any Two or more Juftices of the Peace as aforel'aid ; and if any Perfon (hall wilfully pull up, remove, or deftroy any of the Stakes or other Marks uftd in the laying out, making, altering, or turning any fuch Road, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence a Sum ^joc exceeding Forty Shillings.

LV. And be it further enabled. That in all Cafes where the Cotirfe of Truftees to any Part of the prefent Road (hall be diverted from the Old Line of Road, fence off new or a new Road lhall be made (except over ar.d through any open Common Roaj'

Field

194-8

Truflees may contract for repairing Roads.

Perfons liable to repair the Roads, to continue fo.

Perfons chargeable to Statute Work, to continue fo, and Juftices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

48*GEORGII III. Cap. lot.

Field Land, or Common, or Waite Ground), or where the old Road (hall be widened, in all fuch Cafes (except as aforebid) the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, lhall, and they are hereby required, to caufe good and fufficient Mounds, Rails, and F'ences to be made and provided, and Quickfets to be planted in an Hulband-like Manner, or fufficient Stone Walls to be built on both Sides offuch new Road, where the fame is necelfary, and lhall fupport fuch Mounds, Walls, Rails, and Fences for and during the Term of Seven Years from the firft making thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, lhall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to contraft and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the faid Road, or any Part Or Parts thereof, or for all or any other of the Works to be done and performed in the Execution of this Aft, in fuch Manner, and for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them lhall think proper; and that all Contraftsand Agreements in Writing entered into purfuant to an Order made at any Meeting by fuch Trultees, or any Five or more of them, lhall be binding to the faid Trultees and other Parties who lhall fign the fame, his, her, or their Succeffors, Executors, and Adminiftrators refpeftively; and that Aftions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colts recovered againtt the Party or Parties falling in the Execution of fuch Contrafls or Agreements.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trultees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Annuities, or any Sum or Sums of Money which have been given, or are liable to the amending or maintaining of any Part or Parts of the faid Road, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, or any Parc or Parts thereof, (hall Hill remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in fuch Manner, and to the fame Extent, but not in any other Manner, nor to any greater Extent, than as they were liable and chargeable before the palTing of this Act.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it forther enacted. That all Perfons, who by Law are liable to Statute-work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, (hall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Suffix, and they are herebv required and empowered, upoo Application made to them by the faid Trultees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute-work (hall every Year be done upon the faid Road by the Inhabitants of the refpective Pariihes or Places in which the faid Road doth lie, and alfo what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuch Parilh or Place, in Lieu of, or as a Compofition for fuch Statute-work as aforefaid, (hall be by him or them paid to the faid Trultees, or to any Five or more of them, or to their Treafurer or Treafurers; and in order thereunto it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftices, from Time to Time, to fummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every fuch Parilh or Place, to bring in Lifts before fuch Juftices refpec.

lively.

483GElORGII III. Cap.ioi.

tively, at fovne Place, to be expreffed in fuch Summons, (within Ten Days after the ferving of fuch Summons,V of the Names of the fever a I Perfons who, within every fuch Parifh or Place, are by Law fubjed and liable to do Statute-work for that Year* or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compolkion for fuch Statute-work, diftinguilhing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams, Draughts, or other-wife, and alfo the Amount of the refpedive Sums to be lo paid, which Lifts of Names fball be made in Manner and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions as is or may be direded by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the public Highways, and out of fuch Lifts the faid Juftices refpedivdy (hall and may alloc, appoint, and order luch and fo many of the Perfons who lhaH appear co be fubjed and liable to the Statute-work as alorefaid, to do fuch Number of Days’ Statute-work in every Year upon the faid Road, as the faid Juftices (hall think reasonable; and the fame fball be done on fuch Days and at fuch Times (not being Elay Time or Harveft,) and in l'uch Parts of the laid Road as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, lhall from Time to Time, order, dired, and appoint; and the faid Juftices refpedively (hall and may alfo order and dired the Perfons, who by filch Lilts (hall appear to be fubjed and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Compoficion for Statute-work as aforefaid, to pay fuch Proportion thereof as the faid Juftices (hall think proper to the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treafurer or Trea-furers, at fuch Time or Times as they the faid Juftices refpedively ftiail dired, and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame ftiall and may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the refpec-tive Perfons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Ad authorifed or direded to be recovered ; and each and every Perfon who fball negled or refufe to do fuch Statute-work as aforefaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpofe, by any Surveyor of the faid Truftees (hall, for every Day of his, her, or their Defaulc, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Elorfe or Hoifcs, or Beaft or Beafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons may be fubjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effed for the Repair of the public Highways ; and if any Perfon who ftiall come to work as a Labourer* or (ball be ferit with any Team or Draught to work on the laid Koad, (hall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the laid Truftees, fuch Surveyor is herehy empowered to remove and turn off the Perfon who lhall be found idle or negligent as aforefaid, and in that Cale every fuch Perfon lhall be fubjed and liable to the refpedive Forfeitures and Payments aforefaid, as if he had negieded or refuted to come, or fuch Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the faid Road; all which Penalties and Forfeitures fnall be paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truftees, and applied towards amending the faid Road; and in cafe the faid Surveyor or Surveyors of the .High ways for any of the faid Parifhes or Places, (hall refufe or wilfully negled co give in fuch Lifts as aforefaid, or lhall knowingly or wilfully give in tall'c or impeded Lilts, every fuch Surveyor fo offending lhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

[Loc. & iV.]

*949

12 E

LIX. And

*95°

Truftees may compound for Statute-work.

Mile Stones and Direction Pofts.

To compel Payment of Subfcription

Power to Collectors t detain unknown Per-Tons.

GEORGII III. Cap. tor.

LIX. And be ic further ennded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and aoree with any Perfon or Per lb ns, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute*work to be by them done on the faid Road, or #ny Part thereof; and alfo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in ail or any of the Parifhes or Places in which the faid Road fhall lie and be fituate, for a certain Sum of Money bv the Year or otherwife, as the faid Truftees fhall think rea-fonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the faid Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the laid Road; which Compofition Money (ball always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parifh, or by the Perfon orPerfons fo compounding, to the Treafurer or Trealurers of the faid Truftees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwile the Inhabitants or Occupiers of fuch Parifh or Place lhall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LX. And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall caufe the faid Road to be meafured, and Stones or Pofts to be placed in or near the fame, with Infcriptions thereon, denoting the. Number of Miles, and Diliances of Places, and alfo fuch and fo many Direction Pofts, as they fhall think proper; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall wilfully break, damage, or pull up any of the Mile Stones, or Pofts, ereded upon or near any Part of the faid Road, or fhall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks thereon, and be thereof convided before any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, by the Confeftion of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Witnels, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with all reafonable Cofts and Charges of fuch Information, - for every fuch Offence, One Moiety of which Penalty fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety applied for the Purpofes of this Ad; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending and convided, fhall not be able, or fhall refufe to pay the fame, then it fhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Sujfex, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol for the faid County of Sujfex, or to any Houfe of Correction within the fame, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unlefs fuch Penalty, Cofts, and Charges fhall be recovered and paid.

LXI. And be it further enaded. That the Perfon or Perfons who have fubferibed any Money for, or towards defraying the Kxpences of executing ’ this Ad, fhall, and they are hereby required to pay fuch Money within fuch Time, and to fuch Perfons, as the faid Truftees, or any Five or more of them, fhall order and dired; and in default of fuch Payment, fuch Money fhall be recovered by Adion of Dsbc, or on the Cafe, to be brought in the Name of the Clerk to the Truftees, in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record at fVeJlminJter.

LXII. And whereas Perfons guilty of Offences againft this Ad may 0 be tranfient Perfons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Ad; Be ic therefore enaded. That ic (hall and may

be

‘S51

4-S° GEORGI1 III. Cap. ioi.

be lawful to and for any of the faid Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers rrfpeftively, to feize and detain any luch unknown Perfon or Pgr Ions guilty of any Offence againft this Aft, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any luch Offence or Offences (half be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for fo doing.

LXIII. And be it further enabled, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and ForRecovery Fines, hereby in Sifted or authorized to be impofed (the Manner of le- of Per^lcies ■vying and recovering whereof, is not herein other wife directed), ffiall, anres"'°r ei" upon Proof of the Offences refpeftivelv, before any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Suffex, or wherein the Offender (hall be pr refide, either by the Confeffion of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice (which Warrant fuch Juftice is hereby empowered and lequired to grant), and the Overplus, arter fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale are deducted, ffiall be returned upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the Monies ariftng by fuch. Penalties, forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied, if not ot-herwife directed to be applied by this Act, ffiall be from Time to Time paid to the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Truttees, and applied for the Purpofes of the laid Road; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs ffiall not be found, and fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines ffiall noc be forthwith paid, it ffiall be lawful for any fuch Juftice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seaf to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the refpective County, or to any Houfe of Correction within the fame, there to remain without flail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor le!s than Forty Days, unlefs fuch Penalties* Forfeitures, and Fines, and all realunable Charges, ffiall be fooner paid and iatisfied.

LX1V. And for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviftion of Offenders porm 0f againft this A ft, Be it further enafted, That all and every the Juftice Conviction, or Juftices of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or berfons lhall be convifted of any Offence againft this Aft, ffiall and may caufe the Con-viftion to be drawn up in the following Form cf Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effeft, as the Cafe ffiall happen, videlicet,

BE it remembered. That on the	Day	of	,

in the Year of our Lord

, A. B. is convifted- before me, C. D. one of His ■ Maiefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of	[Jpec1fying

: the Offence, Time, and Place when and where the fame was committed^ as the Cafe Jhall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year firft above mentioned.*

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Perfon A1Iowj ffiall think, himfelf or herielf aggrieved by any Thing done in purfuance Perfo^Tfg. of this Aft, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been grieved to

already aPPeal-

*952

Proceedings not to be quafhed for wantof Form.

Limitation cf Actions.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. tor.

already appointed, fuch Perfons may appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the County wherein the Caufe of Complaint fhall have arisen, within Four Calendar Months after the Caufe of fuch Complaint (hall have arifen, fuch Appellant firft giving or caufing to be given Ten Days’ Notice at leaf! in Writing of his or her Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treafurer of the laid Truftees, and within Four Days after fuch Notice entering into a Recognizance before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, with Two fufficient Sureties, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Order of, and pay fuch Cofts as fhall be awarded by the Juft ices at fuch Quarter Seflions; and the faid Juftices at fuch Quarter Seflions, upon due Proof of fuch Notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the Caufe and Matter of fuch Appeal in a fummary Way, and award fuch Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed againft as they the faid Juftices fhall think proper; and the faid Juftices may, if thev fee Caufe, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and mayalfo order fuch further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they fhall judge reafonable j and the Determination of fuch Quarter Seflions fhall be final, binding, and concluflve to ail Intents and Purpofes, and the laid Juftices may alfo at fuch Seflions by their Order or Warranr levy fuch Cofts fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons who fhall refufe to obey the fame; and for wane of fufficient Diftrefs may commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol of or for the refpeCtive County, or to any Houfe of Correction within the fame, for any Time not exceeding the Term of Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of fuch Cofts.

LXVI. And be it further enaCted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this ACt contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any OSender or Offenders againft this ACt, fhall be quafhed for Want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or ProcTs whatioever inco any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefimivfler, and that where any Diftrefs fhall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this ACt, the Diftrefs itl'elf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffcr or Trefpafiers on account of any DefeCt or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Diftrefs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Tre«pafTer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity fhall and may recover full Satisfaction for the fpecial Damage, (if any,) in an ACtion upon the Cale; out no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall recovet in any ACtion for fuch Irregularity as aforefaiii, if Tender of fufficient Amends hath been made lor or on Behalf of the Party diftraining before fuch ACtion brought.

LXVII. And be it further enaCted, That no ACtion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pur-fuance or this ACt, until Twenty Days’ Notice thereof fhall be given to the Clerk to the (aid Truftees, nor after a fufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been mack to the Patty or Parties aggrieved, nor after

. Sb Six

*953

48° GEORGII III, Gap. tot,

Si* Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed; and every fuch Action (hall be laid and tried in the County of Suffex, and not elfewhere ; stnd the Defendant or Defendants, in every fuch Action or Suir, (ball and may, at his and their Eleftion, plead fptcially, or the general I fine, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence, at ar.y Trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame was done in pnrfuance and by the Authority of this Aft; and if the fame (ball appear to be fo done, or that fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty Days’ Notice thereof lhall be given as aforefaid, or after a fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or (hall be brought in any Other County, then the Jury lhall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants lhall and may recover treble Cofts, and have furh Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any othei Cafe by Law.

LXVIII. And whereas the feveral Creditors and Truftees, under an Act 17 G. 3. Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, c. 73. intituled. An Aft for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parijh of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelrnftone to Cuckfield, and from the Eajl Side of the faid Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Suffex; and alfo an Act 3s Geo. 3. made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeffv, in- c. 7. tituled. An Aft for continuing for the Term of Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Sejfion of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Aft pajfed in the Seventeenth Tear of the Reign of His prefect Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parifh of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelrnftone to Cuckfield, and from the Eajl Side of the faid Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Suffex; and alfo for repairing and widening the Read from Ubley’s Farm, in the Parijh of Hurftperpoint, to the Marie Pit oppofite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the Jaid County, have agreed that fo much of the faid recited Acts as relates to the laid Road from Ubley’s Farm to the Marie Pit, oppofite to Newtimber Broad Lane, and from Ubley's Farm aforefaid to Albourne Green> (hail be repealed; and that fuch Parts of the faid Turnpike Road (being about One Mile and an Half in Length) (hall be made Part of the Road, to be amended, varied, altered, widened, improved, and kept in repair by this Act, in confideration of the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum being paid out of the Tolls arifing under this Aft to the Truftees under the laid recited Acts, Be it therefore enacted, That fo much of the laid recited Acts as relates to the faid Road leading from Ubley’s B’arm to the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lar.e, and from Ubley’s Farm aforefaid to Albourne Green (hall be repealed; and that fuch Road (being about One Mile and a Half in Length) (hall be made Part of the Road to be amended, varied, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by this Act; and that the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum (hall be paid out of the Tolls arifing under this Act, to the Treafurer of the Truftees of the laid re-[Lcc. fcf Per.]	22	F	cited

*95 I-

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 101;

cited Acts, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year during the Term of this Act, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons whom they fhall authorize to receive the fame; and in default of fuch Payment for the Space of Twenty Days after the fame (hall from Time to Time become due, (hall and may be recovered from the Truftees appointed in and by this Act, or from their Treafurer, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at tVeJlminfier, againrt One or more of the laid Truftees, or their Treafurer, in the Name of the Treafurer or Treafurers of the Truftees for the Time being, acting in the Execution of thefaid recited Acts, and fuch Sum or Sums of Money, when paid or recovered as aforefaid, (hall be applied by the faid lienfieli and Ditcbliiig Road in fuch Manner as the Tolls collected thereon are directed to be applied.

Public Act. LXIX. And be it further enafled, That this Act (hall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Term of the LXX. And be it further enacted. That chis Act {hall commence upon, Aa-	and	have Continuance from the palling thereof for and during the Term

of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Sefiion of Parliament.

LONDON. Printed by George Evre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s moft Excellent Majefty. 180S.

*************»**»**»***********i,**i»***********f *******

Cap. io2.

An A eft for empowering Truftees to fell and convey the Freehold and Copyhold Eftates devifed by the Will of John Crofter Efquire, deceafed, and to lay out the Money arif.ng by the Sale thereof in thePurchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	[3d	June 1808.]

WHEREAS John Crofter late of the Parifh of lekenham in the Recital of the County of Middlefex Efquire, duly made and publifhed his laft Will of John Will and Teftament in Writing dated the Sixth Day of July datcd^th1^ One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and after thereby difpofing July 177?# of Parts of his Perfonal Eftates the faid Teftator gave and devifed unto Edward Hilliard the elder of Cowley Houfe in the County of Middlefex Efquire, Richard Brabant of Saint Alban's in the County of Hertford Gentleman, and Chriftopher Hill of the Town of Uxbridge in the faid County of Middlefex Gentleman, all his Freehold and Copyhold Meftuages or Tenements, Lands and Hereditaments, to the fever?! Ufes, Intents, and Purpofes therein-after mentioned, but fubjett to the Payment of an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds to his Sifter Sarah Crofter for Life (that is to fay), as for and concerning all that his Meffuage wherein he then lived at lekenham aforefaid, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, together with the Five Fields of Meadow Ground thereto adjoining and belonging with the Appurtenances, to the Ufe of his Sifter the faid Sarah Crofter for the Term of her natural Life in cafe (he fhould be defirous of living in the faid Meffuage, and fhould actually refide therein but not other-[Lcc. W Per.~\	tz	H	wife	j

+8‘GE0RGII III. Cap. 162.

Wife; and from and immediately after the Deceafe of the faid Sarah Crofter or her ceafing to refide therein, or from and immediately after his the Teftator’s Deceafe, in cafe the faid Sarah Crofter Iho'uld not choofe to refide in his faid Houfe at ickenbam aforefafd, then as for and concerning the faid laft-raentioned Premises, as alfo as for and concerning all other his faid Freehold and Copyhold Meffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, from and immediately aftei his Deceafe, to the Ufe of Edwttrd Hilliard the younger (Second Son of his Niece Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard the Wife of the faid Edward Hilliard the elder) for and during the Term of his natmal Life without Impeachment of Wafte, and from and immediately after the Determination of that Eftate by Surrender, Forfeiture, or other-wife in his Lifetime, to the Ufe of the faid Edward Hilliard the elder, Richard Brabant and •Chrijlopber Hill, and their Heirs, during the Life of the faid Edward Hilliardlhe younger, in Truft neverthelefs to preferve the contingent Ufes and Eftates therein-after limited, with Remainder to the Ufe of all and every or fuch one or more of the Sons of the faid Edward Hilliard the younger lawfully to be begotten, in fuch Shares and for fuch Eltate and in fuch Manner and Form as the faid Edward Hilliard the younger, in and by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing to be by him duly executed in the Prefence of and attefted by Three or more credible "Witneffes fhould dirett or appoint; and in Default of fuch Dire&ion or Appointment and in the mean-time fubjeft thereto to the Ufe of the firft and every other Son of the faid Edward H Uiard the younger lawfully to be begotten fucceflively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Ufe of George Hilliard (Third Son of his faid Niece Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard) and his Affigns for and during the Term of his natural Life without Impeachment of Waftej and from and immediately after the Determination of that Eftate by Forfeiture, Surrender, or otherwife in his Lifetime, to the Ufe of the fame Truftees and their Heirs during the Life of the faid George Hilliard, in Truft to preferve the contingent Ufes and Eftates therein-after limited ; with Remainder to the Ufe of ail and every of fuch one and more of the Sons of the faid George Hillard lawfully to be begotten, in fuch Shares and Proportions and for fuch Eftate and in fuch Manner andForm as the faid George Hilliard in and by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing to be by him duly executed in the Prefence of and actcfted by Three or more credible Witneffes fhould direct or appoint; and in Default of fuch Direction or Appointment and in the meantime fubie& thereto to theUfe of the Firft and ev^ry other Son of the faid George Hilliard lawfully to be begotten fucceflively in Tail Male ; with Remainder to the Ufe of Najh Crofter Hilliard (Fourth Son of his faid Niece Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard) and his Affigns for and during the Term of his natural Life, with the like Remainder to the faid Truftees to preferve contingent Remainders, and with the like Power cf Appointment for the faid Nafn Crofter Hilliard amongft his Sons by Will, and in Default thereof with the like Remainders to his firft and other Sons in Tail Male in the fame Manner as there-in-before is mentioned of and concerning the Iffue Male of the faid Edward Hilliard the younger and George Hilliard rdpeftively ; ?nd in Default of fuch Iffue Male of the faid Najh Crofter Hilliard to rhe Ufe of ail and every, other the Son and Sons of his the faid Teftator’s Niece Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard then already born or thereafter to be born fucceflively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the right Heirs of his faid Niece Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard for ever; and the faid Teftator empowered the faid Edward Hilliard the younger and his Affigns and every fu'cceeding Tenant for Life, 9	under

48° GEORGII III. Cap. iot.	1963

under or by virtue of his Will, as and when he fhould be in the a&ual Pofleffion of his faid Eftates thereby devifed as aforefaid by virtue of any of the Limitations therein-before contained, to make Leafes of the faid devifed Eftates in Manner and fubjett to the Reftri&ions therein contained : And whereas the faid TeOator departed this Life on or about the Seventeenth Day of November One ihoufand eight hundred and one, without having altered or revoked his faid Will: And whereas the faid Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard intermarried with the faid Edward Hilliard the elder on or about the Twenty-feventh Day of August One ihoufand feven hundred ar.d feventy-nire, and departed this Life on or about the Twenty-third Day of August One ihoufand eight hundred, leaving John Hilliard of Cowley in the faid County of Middlefex Clerk her eldeft Son and Heir at Law, and the faid Edward Hilliard the younger, George Hilliard, and Naff Orofier Hilliard, and Two other Sons (that is to fay) Charles Harvey Hilliard and Frederick Jofeph Hilliard her furviving : And whereas the faid John Hilliard, Edward Hilliard the younger, and George Hilliard have refpe&ively attained the Age of Twenty-one years; but the faid Najh Crofte Hilliard, Charles Harvey Hilliard, and Frederick Jofeph Hilliard are ftili Infants under that Age :-And whereas the faid Edward Hilliard the younger and the other Sons of the faid Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard are refpe&irely unmarried : And whereas the faid Surah Gofer departed this Life on or about the Twenty-fecond Day of Oflober One thoufand eight hundred and three : And whereas the Eftates devifed by the faid Will of the faid John Crofier lie in feparate Parcels detached from each other at inconvenient and great Diftances and in divers Parifhes and Places, that is to fay, in the Parifhes of Amerjham, Miffendcn, and Iver in the County of Buckingham, in thePariihes of Saint Peter and Saint Michael and other Parts in the Town of Saint Alban's, and the Parifhes of IVatford and Bujhey in the County of Hertford, and in the Parifhes of Harlinfon, HU-ingdon, Ickenham, Rvjlip, Harrow, the Hamlet of Pinner and the Town of Uxbridge in the County of Middlefex, and lie intermixed with the Lands of other Perfons, and fome Parts of the faid Eftates confift of undivided Moieties and other Parts in undivided Third Parts: And whereas it would be greatly for the Benefit of the faid Edward Hilliard the younger and of his Iffue Male, and of all other Perfcns who, under or by virtue of the Limitations contained in the Will of the faid John Crofier, are or (hall be interefted in the Freehold and Copyhold Eftates thereby devifed, that the fame feveral Eftates fhould be fold, and that the Monies to arife by the Sale thereof fhould be laid out in the Purchafe of other Hereditaments to be fituate in England, and to be fettled to fuch of the Ufes created by the aforefaid Will as are now fubfifting or capable of taking EfFed, but by reafon of the Limitations contained in the Will of the faid John Crofier deceafed the Sale of the faid Hereditaments cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majefty’s tnoft dutiful and loyal Subjects the faid Edward Hilliard the younger, the faid George\Hilliard, and John Hilliard,and the faid Edward Hilliard the elder, on Behalf of his Infant Children the faid Najh Crofter Hilliard, Charles Harvey Hilliard, and Frederick Jofeph Hilliard, domoft humbly be leech Your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enatted by the King’s moft Excel-lent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for Harvey Combe Truftees with •f Charlotte f rest, Bedfordfuare, in the County of Middlefex hi quire, and JuihoHzed^'

James

1964	48°GE0RG1I	HI. Caj>< 102.

Eitates'1de?fed 3amSs Wortham of CaJHc-ftreet Holborn in the City of London Gentleman# fcri^Vd in the £nc* Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Afligns of fuch Survivor, and Schedules to they and he are hereby authorized and required at any Time or Times this Aft. after the palling of this A£l, with the Conlent and Approbation in Writing of the laid Edward Hilliard the younger during his Life, and after his Death then with the Confer]t in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons who if this A & had not been palled would for the Time being have been entitled under thefaid recited Will of the faid John Crofter deceafed, or. any of the Limitations, Ufes, or Ellates therein contained, to the Receipt of the Rents, Hues, and Profits of the Hereditaments by this Afit authorized to be fold, if fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, but if not, then with the Confent in Writing of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, abfolutdy to fell and difpofe of the feveral Freehold and Cop\hold Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Parts and Shares of Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements# and Hereditaments, which by the Will of the faid jfn Crofter deceafed w de* vifed to the faid Edward Hilliard, Richard Brabant, and Cfirijopher H u to the Ufes therein mentioned, and which are mentioned and defcribeu in ihe Schedules to this Aft, and are of the clearyearly Rent or Value of One rhou-fand nine hundred and ieventy-three Founds Eighteen Shillings and Elevenpence or thereabout?, either together or in Parcels and by public Sale or Au&ion or by private Contract, unto any Perfon or Perfons who fliall be willing to purchafe the fame or any Part or Parts thereof, for the bell Price or Prices in Money which in the Judgement of the faid Harvey Combe and James Wortham, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Afligns of fuch Survivor, can or may be reafonably had or gotten for the lame, and upon Payment of the Monies for which the fame Premifes fliall be refpeclively fold in Manner herein-after mentioned, to convey, furrender, and allure the fame unto and to the Ufe of the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Afligns for ever, or to fuch other Ufes and in fuch other Manner as he, fhe, or they fliall direct or appoint, freed, acquitted, exonerated, and difeharged of and from all and every the Ufes, Ellates, Trulls, Powers, Provifoes, and Limitations in and by the faid recited Will of the faid John Crojier deceafed limited and declared of and concerning the fame.

Purchase Mo- jj# And be ft further enabled, That the Monies to arife by fuch TnYo^he'Bank Sale or Sales as aforefaid of the faid Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and of England. Hereditaments hereby authorized and dirt&ed to be fold, fliall be paid by the Purchafer cr Purchafers into the Bank of England in the Namd and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there exparie the Purchafer or Purchafers of the deviled Ellates of the faid John Crofter deceafed, pur-fuant to the Method preferibed by the A£t of the welfth Year of the Reign of King George the Firll, Chapter Thirty-fecond, and the General Orders of thefaid Court, and without Fee or Reward according to the A& of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth, and the Certificate or Certificates of the faid A countant General of the High Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Calhiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regifter Office of the faid Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchafer or Purchafers of all or any of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold ofhis,her, or

their

4S°GE0RGII III. Cap. 102.	1965

tneir Purchafe Monies refpeCtively, fhall from Time to Time be a good and fufficieht Difcharge to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, and AlTigns, for the fair! Purchafe Monies or for fo much thereof for which fuch Certificates and Receipts fhall be re-fpe#ive!y given, and after filing fuch Certificates and Receipts as aforefaid, fuch Purchafer or Purchafers ihall be abfolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the faid Monies, and fhall not be anfwerableor accountable for any Lofs, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Monies which fhall purfuant Parchafc Mo-ro the Direction herem-before contained to be fo paid into the Bank of Eng-

land as aforefaid, fhall upon Petition to the faid Court of Chancery, in a chafe of F>ee-

fummary Way to be preferred by the faid Edward Hilliard the younger, tol(i !-an‘is*

or after his Death by the Perfon or Perfons for the Time being, whole

Confent is herein-belore made requifite upon every fuch Sale as aforefaid,

fhall be laid out and inverted, fubjeCt to the Direction and Conrroul of

the faid Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of the Inheritance in Fee

Simple of Freehold Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to

be fitfiate,, lying, arid being in that Part of the United Kingdom called Eng-

land, and of Copyhold Lands,Tenements, and Hereditaments, if any, lying

contiguous thereto and convenient to be purohafed therewith, in Pofieffiori,

free from Incumbrances, e; ceptFeeFarm orQuit Rents or Cuftomary Kents

or Services; and the faid Mefiuages,Lands,Tenements, or Hereditaments fo To be con~

to be purchafed, fhall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed U(esin°tHee

and fettled to, for, and upon fuch and fo many of the Ufes, Eftates,Trufts, of rhe

Intents, and Purpoles, and under and fubjed to fuch and fo many of ‘aid Tellator*

the Provifoes, Powers and Limitations in and by the faid recited Will of

the faid John Crofter deceafed, limited, eXpreffed, and declared, of and

concerning the faid Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments thereby deviled

as .fhall be then fubfifting and capable of taking EffeCt.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That all Monies which fhall be paid The Money into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General in the Manner Landfhowt hereiii-before directed, or fo much thereof as fhall not be directed by the be laid out. faid Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Cofts and Expenses according to the Provifions herein-after contained, fhall in the

mean Time and until the faid Monies fhall be inverted in a Purchafe or Purchafes as aforefaid, be from Time to Time laid out by the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Intereft arifing from the Money fo laid out irk Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they fhall be refpeCtively paid off by Government, fhall be laid out in the Name of the faid Accountant General in the Purchafe of o her Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which faid Navy and Victualling Bills andExchequer Bills fhall be depofited in the Bank in the Name of ihe^faid Accountant General, and fhall there remain until the fame fhall upon Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the faid Edward Milliard the younger, or the PerfonorPerfons whofe Confent after his Death is hereby made requifite on every fuch Sale as aforefaid, be ordered to be fold by the faid Accountant General for the completing of any Pfirchafe or Purchafes hereby authorized to be made as aforefaid, in fuch Manner as the faid Court fhall think juft and meet, and if the Money to arife by the Sale of fuch Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills which fhall have been purchaled as aforefaid, fhall exceed the origi-	^

nal Purchafe Money fo laid our thereon as aforefaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which fhall remain fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Lee. & iVr.]	22	I	Pfcrlonfc

1966

Court of t.hancery to make Outers as to the Application of Money.

Until Sale the Eftates 10 he enjoytd by tfc. I’erions who wo aid have been entitled

if this Act

bad not been jnaile.

General

4sa?mg.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

Per ft- ns rifpeftively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments directed to be purchafed, in cafe the fame had been purchafed purfuant to this Aft, or the Rep refen tativ© or Reprefentatives of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

, V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make fuch Orders as that Court fhall think fit, for taxing all Cofts, Charges, and Expenses which fhall have been incurred preparatory to and in fo-liciting and applying for and • obtaining arid palling this Aft, and in making the feveral Applications to the Tgid Court of Chancery in pur-fuance hereof, and making and completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made faleable, and in veiling all or any of the Monies which under this A cl fhall be paid into the Bank of England in the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Direaxons herein contained, or other-, wife for carrying the Trulls and Purposes .of this Aft into Execution, and alfo from Time to Time to make a*} Order, if to the faid Court it fhall feem fit, for the Payment of all fuen Charges, Cofls, and Expences as aforefaid, out of the Money fo p&id into me Bank as aforefaid, or out of the Money arifing by the Safe or the faid Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills fo to be purchafed as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That in the mean Time and until the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereby made faleable, fhall be fold purfuant to the Directions herein-before contained, the fame Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fhall be held and enjoyed, and the Rents and Profits thereof received and taken by fuch Perfon or Perfons as would have been entitled or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe this Aft had not been made.

VII.	Saving always to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporare, and their refpeCtive Heirs, Succeffors, Executors and Adminiflrators (other than and except the faid Edward Hilliard the younger and his Sons, and the Heirs Male and Heirs General of their refpeftiye Bodies, and the faid George Hilliard and his Sons, and the Heirs Male and Heirs General of their refpeClive Bodies, and the faid Nafb Crofter Hilliard, and his Sons, and the Heirs Male and Heirs General of their refpeClive Bodies, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the faid Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard deceafed, and the Heirs Male of the refpeClive Bodies of fuch Sons, and alfo the right Heirs of the faid Elizabeth Stafford Hilliard, and except every other Perfon and Perfons lawfully or equitably claiming or to claim any Eflate, Right, Title, Charge or Interefl in, to, or out of the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be fold as aforefaid, under or by virtue of the faid recited Will of the faid John Crofter deceafed, and his or her Heirs, Executors, Adminiflrators, and Affigns) all fuch Eflate, Right, Title, Interefl, Claim, and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to, or out of the faid Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby authorized to be fold, as they, every or any of them, had before the paffing of this Aft, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft fhall be printed by the to'be^Evf-^ Printer to the King’s mofl Excellent Majefty; and a Copy thereof fo Uence. printed fhali be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juflices, and others*	*7

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

ig6j

The Firft SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing

A& of Parliament. ----------------- —

Names 01 MefTuages, Lands, &c.

and Number of Acres, according to the Old Defcription.

In the County of

An undivided Moiety or a Mefiuage or Tenement, with the Barns, Stables, Outhoufes, Yards, Orchards, Gardens, Backfides and Hereditaments thereto belonging. A Meadow nfed or belonging to the faid Mefiuage or Tenement, containing by Efti-mario# Two Acres—

And of

Two Clofes of Arable, formerly One. Clofe called Barnficld, containing by Eftimation Five Acres—

And alfo of

Three Clofes of Arable Land, formerly One Clofe, called Moor Piece, containing by Eftimation Seven Acres—

Of

A Clofe or Parcel of Land formerly Copyhold, of the Manor of Holmer, called Bevill’s Acre, containing by Eftimation One Acre—

Of

A Mefiuage or Tenement with the Outhoufes, See. thereto belonging—

And

Divers Fields, Clofes-, Pieces and Parcels of Arable, Meadow, Pafture, and Wood Ground thereto belonging, containing by Eftimation Eighty Acres—

Two Pieces or Parcels of Meadow Ground, Part of Two Pieces of Meadow Ground, called the Upper and Lower Grove, containing Seven Acres One Rood and Thirty-nine Perches—

And

A Piece of Meadow Ground, containing by Eftimation Three Acres Three Roods and Thirty-nine Perches Part of Mill Meadow—

Alfo

•A Piece of Meadow containing Three Acres and Ten Perches—

Parifh or Place where fituate, or how abutting.

UCKINCHAM.

In the Parifh of Little Miflenden, and formerly in the Pofieffion of John Sibley.

In the faid Parifh, all purchafed by Henry Gregory, from whom the aforefaid John Crolier derived his Title.

Lying next Holt’s Lane in the faid Parilh, and

conveyed by the Lord of the Manor of Holmer to the faid Henry Gregory as Freehold.

Lying at Mill End in the-faid Parifh, and formerly in the Occupation of James Gardner.

Lying in the feveral Partfhes of Agmondefham alias Amerfham, and Little Mifienden, pur-chafed by the laid Henry Oregory of John Baldwin.

In the Parifh of Ever alias Iver, viz. in the Uppei- Grove Four Acres One Rood and One Perch, and in th>* Lower Grove Three Acres and Thirty-eight Perches.

In the faid Parifh.

In the faid Parifh, abutting North and Weft on Land called The Groves, and Eaft and S^uth on Land formerly belonging to Chriftopher Tower Efquire, purchased by the faid J6hn Crofier of the ReverendDunindRhuddg knd Mary his Wife.

i$68	4^	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 162;

Names of Meffuages, Lands, &c. and Number of Acfes, according to the Old Defcription.	Parifli or Place where fituate, Crr how abutting.
All the Great Tythes—	Arifing from and out of all the Lands and Grounds in Ever alias Iver, containing together One hundred and feventy-eight Acres One Rood and Five Perches, and mentioned and fpecified in a Particular and Survey contained in the Second Schedule, annexed to
	a certain Indenture bearing Date the 24th Day of November 1792, and made between Thomas Bernard Efquire, of the Firft Part,
And-	Scrope Bernard Efquire, of the Second Part, and John Crofter Efquire, of the Third Part.
AH the Great and Small Tythes—	Arifing from' and out of a Mefluage, Cottage or Tenement, Lands and Hereditaments, late of John Crofter and Sarah Crofter, mentioned and fpecified in the faid Particular and Survey, containing Twenty-two Acres One Rood and Twenty-one Perches, purchafed by the faid John Crofter of the faid Thomas Bernard.

In the Cbunty of HERTFORD.

An undivided Moiety of Two Meffuages or Tenements—

An undivided Moiety of A Mefluage or Tenement and Malthoufe, with the Outhoufes, See. and Appurtenances thereto belonging—

An undivided Moiety of A- Meffuage or Tenement, with the Yard and * Backftde thereto-belonging—

An undivided Moiety of A Mefluage or Tenement, with the Outhoufes, See. and a Piece of Ground containing One Acre to the fame belonging, and the ufe of the Little Room ufed for a B'rewhoufe and Wafh-houfe, adjoining to a Backroom or Buttery belonging to the faid Mefluage or Tenement/wfth the Appurtenances—

In or near Saint Petcr’s-ftreet, in Saint Alban's, in a certain Lane called Katherine Lane^ and abutting upon the faid Lane, South, and a Piece of Land belonging to Saint Peter’s Church, North, purchafed of Simon Land-ford by the before-mentioned Henry Gregory.

In Bowgate, in the faid Parifli of Saint Peter in Saint Alban’s, formerly in the Occupat'on of John Parrot, adjoining or lying near to the Manfion Houfe and Garden, formerly of Jafper Arris Borodale Efquire, towards the South, and purchafed of John Parrott and Mary his Wife by the faid Henry Gregory.

In the f*id Parifh of St. Peter in St. Alban’s, formerly in the Occupation of Thomas Bradwin, and adjoining to Long Butt Lane, and Southward to a Mefluage formerly of Mrs. Grew, purchafed of j by the faid llcnry Gregory.

I11 Saint Alban’s aforefaid, in a Street called Fiihpool Street, abutting on the faid Street, North 5 a Mefluage, formerly of John Ray, Eaft *, and a Mefluage or Tenement, formerly in the Poflefiion of John Hale, Weft ; purchafed of Ann Blickman by the faid Henry Gregory.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.	1969

		
Names of Mefluages, Lands, &c. and Number of Acres, according to the Old Defcifiption.		Parifli or Place where fituate, ‘or how abutting.

An undivided Moiety of A Mefluage or Tenement, with the Outhoufes, &c. thereto belonging—

An undivided Moiety of A Mefluage or Tenement, with the Outhoufes, 8tc. thereto belonging, with a little Out-lioufe in the Garden belonging to the faid Mefluage or Tenement, called The Summer Houfe—

An undivided Moiety of Two Cottages or Tenements, Blackfmiih’s Shop and Garden—

An undivided Moiety of

Two Mefluages	or Tenements—
A Malthoufe or	And of Malting—
Two Cottages 0:	And of r Tenements—
A Cottage—	

An undivided Moiety of A Mefluage or Tenement, Shop, Outhoufes, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances-^

In Saint Alban's aforefaid, in -the faid Street called Filhpool Street, formerly in the Occupation of John Howard, abutting on a MtTuage formerly of Mrs O .on, North Well, and on the fa d Street, North} pur-chafed of John Howard by Sarah Gregory, the Mother of the aforefaid Henry Gregory.

In Church Street alia? Cock Row, in Saint Alban’s aforefaid, n the pofleflion of Samftel Morland, M D. between a Mefluage or Tenement formerly in the Tenure of James Carpenter, Yi&ualler, on the Tail.Purt ^and a Mefluage or Tenement, formerly in the Tenure of Barnard Barns, Baker, on the Weft Part; and abutting upon the Street aforefaid on the North Part; and upon the Orchard and Garden formerly of John Mew, Gentleman, on the South Part; purchased of John Green by the faid Henry Gregory.

At Park Street, in the Parifh of Saint Stephen in Saint Alban’s.

In the Town of Watford, formerly in the Occupation of Jofeph Beck and Lucy Strud-wick.

In the Yard adjoining to the aforefaid Mef-

In or near the fame Yard, all purchafed of Jacob Francis by the faid Henry Gregory.

At the Lower End of Watford.

BUS HEY.

At Sparrows JJefne.

1	,-i	T	M	h-V>	•••••

*22 K ---------

[Loc, V Per.]

i97°

48s GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

Names of Meffuages, Laifas, &c. and Number of Acres, according to the Old Defcription.	Parifh or Place where fituate, or how abutting.
	

In the County of MIDDLESEX.

Lying in a Common Field, in the Parifh of Harlington, called The Welt Field.

Several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Eftimation Seven Acres—

Alfo

Several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Eftimation Three Acres and One Rood —

Alfo

Several Pieces or Parcels of Arable Land, containing together by Eftimation Thirteen Acres, with a Bam (landing and being on Part of the Premifcs—

Several inclofed Pieces and Parcels of Meadow or Pafture Ground, lying together, and containing by Eftimation Twenty-one Acres, OnePiece containing NineAcresand the other Two Pieces containing Six Acres each—

Alfb

Two Mefluages, Cottages, or Tenements, formerly in the Occupation of John Johnfcn, with the Barns, Scabies, Outhouies and Ap-puitenances thereunto belonging—

Together

With the Water and Fiihirtg—

And

The Water and Fifhing—

Alfo

The Fee Eyot—

And

The Water and Fifhing—

Lying in a Common Field, in the faid Parifh of Harlington, called The Eaft Field,

Lying in a Common Field, in the faid Parifh of Harlington, called The North Field ; pur-chafed by John Crofier, deceafed, of James Edward Colleton and James Hayes,

Lying next adjoining to a Moor called Cow Moor and Uxbridge Common, on the North and Eaft Parts, in Hillingdon.

In the Parifh of Hillingdon.

On both Sides the River Colney, in the County of Middlefex, beginning at the Bridge in the Parifh of Denham, in the County of Bucks aforefaid, and theParifh of Hillingdon afore-faid, leading fromUxbridgetoDenhamafore-faid, called High Bridge5 including under the faid Bridge and adjoining to the Water and Fifhery of Sir William Bowyer, Baronet, and ending at the Upper End of Hoggets.

On one Side of the River Colney, belonging, appertaining, and being within the Manor of Colham, in the County of Middlefex j beginning at a certain Clofe of Meadow Ground called Lady Mead, and ending at a certain Stile called Weir Eyot Stile.

Near adjoining to Cowley Hall on the Eaft Side.

On both Sides another Stream, beginning at Moor Ciofe Stile, belonging formerly to Chriflopher Towers Efquire, and ending at the Upper End of John Warren’s Grove, formerly Edward HornclTs,

8

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 102,

1971

N'-mes of Meffuages, Lands, &c. and Number of Acres, according to the Old Defcription.	Pari& or Place where fituate, or how abutting.
Alfo One Half of a River— Together With all the Royalty of Filhing (except the Filhing of the Water belonging to Colham Mills) in any of the Waters, Ditches, Pools and Creeks j and all the Eyotts, Bank, Wavs, Tarrets, Eafements, Profits and Commodities thereunto belonging or appertaining—	In the faid Manor, beginningatThurney Moor, and ending at the lower End of King's Mead Hill.
Alfo Three Weirs— And A Parcel of Meadow Ground, containing by Eftimation One Acre, commonly called or known by the Name of The Shoulder of Mutton or Weir Eyot Mead—	Standingand beingonthe laid River, andlately, before the Year 1770, new fet up and built. In the faid Parifh of Hillingdon.
Alfo A Yearly Rent of ^5. payable by Henry Powell for the Privilege of ufing a Water Engine, and layingPipes in the Manor of Colham.	All purchafed by the faid John Crofier of the faid James Edward Colleton and James Hayes.
Two Third Parts of a MefTuage or Tenement called Cottons, with the Orchards, Gardens, Barns, S tables, and Edifices thereunto belonging, together with Two Parcels of Meadow adjoining and furrounding the fame—	In Cowley Field in the Parifh of Hillingdon, One Moiety of which Two Third Parts the faid John Crofier took under the Will of his late Coufin Michael Crofier, deceafed 5 and the other Moiety as Son and Heir of his late Father John Crofier, deceafed.
Two Clofes of Meadow or Pafture Land containing Eight Acres, be the fame more or lefs, with the Appurtenances—	Lying at Little Hillingdcn within the Manor aforefaid, Two Third Parts whereof the faid John Crofier took under the Will of his faid late Coufin ; and the remaining Third Part thereof as Son and Heir of his faid late Father.
I C K E.	'I HAM.
- ADwelling Houfe with Yards, Gardens,Barns,i and oiher Outhoufes with Garden,Orchards,, Rick Yard, and Meadows, containing toge-, tKer Twenty-nine Acres One Rood and Thirty-two Perches—	In the Pariih of Ickenham.
A Dwelling Houfe with the Appurtenances, Orchards, and Lands, containing together Thirteen Acres and fifteen Perches—	In the faid Parifh.
ADwellingHoufe withOutbuildings, and Yard > and Orchard, Meadow and Pafture ‘Land, containing together Twenty-one Acris and Twenty Perches—.	In the faid Parifh,

1972	48’	GliORGIIj	“III.	Cap.	102.

_______ ’	'•	’______j____■■ ‘J .d J. .

.•lames of Meffuages, Lands, &c. and Number of Acres, accoi ding to the Old Defcription.	,cy>yA )o wdiiuift bnx Pafith or t’l.fcc'where fituate, or how abutting.
A Cottage with Gardens* Yard and Orchard, containing together One Acre and I wenty-fix Perches—	In the Parifli of Iekenham.
A Dwelling Houfc with Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, Rick Yard, Meadow and Arable Land, called Hil! Farm, containing together One hundred and forty Acres One Rood and Twenty-two Perches—	In the faid Parifli.
A Cottage, Rick Yard, Orchard, and Meadow Land, containing together Eighteen Acres and Eighteen Perches —	In the faid Parifli.
A Mefluage or Tenement, and all and lingular the Houfes, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Orchards, Gardens, Back-fidcs. Ways, P adages, Eafements, Privileges, Profits, Commodities and Appurtenances •whatioevet to the fame belonging.—	Situate in Bcrrie Street in the Parifli of Ruiflep other wife Ruiflip,inthcCountyof Middlesex.
And Three Clofes of Meadow or Pafture Ground, adjoining to the laid Mefluage,’contaiiiingJjy Eliimation Nine Acres— Alio	In Ruifiip aforefaid.
Two Clofes of Meadow or Paflure Ground called Clacks, containing tv Eliimation Seven Acres— Alfo	In Ruiflip aforefaid.
A Clofe of Meadow or Paflure 'Ground called Lady Gate Field, containing by Eliimation Four Acres— Alfo	In Ruiflip aforefasd.
A Clofe of Meadow or Paflure Ground called Keynes, containing by Eliimation Five Acres-— Alfo	In Ruifiip aforefaid.
A Clofe of Meadow or Paflure Ground, formerly Parcel of a Clofe called Keynes, containing by Eliimation Two Acres—*	Lying in Ruifiip aforefaid
Alfo A Clofe cf Meadow or Paflure Ground called Crofl'at Woods, containing by Eliimation One Acre—	In Ruiflip aforefaid, and being near Sillfells Gate, all purchafed by the faid John Crofier of John Kinchant and Emma his Wife.
Four Sellions or Lands—	Lying difperfedly in the Common Fields in the Parifli of Ruifiip aforefaid, one Acre abutting on a Way called Roxburn Way ; one oth r Land thereof lying in a Furlong called the Ditches; one other Land thereof abutting on the Broom Field ; and one other Land, i<e-fidue thereof, Ihooting into Roxburn M ad, all of them lying and being in the further Field of Ruiflip, purchafed by the faid John Crofier of Charles Sargant.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.	1973

	
Names of MefTnages, Lands, Sic. and Number of Acres, according to the Old Defeription.	Parifh or Place where fituate, or how abutting.
An undivided Moiety of Three Clofes of Meadow and Pafture Land called Muidens, containing by Kftimation Eight Acres—	Near Ickenham Green, in the County of Mid-dlefex, which the faid John Crofter took as Heir at Law of Henry Gregory.
A Mefluagc or Farm Houfe with the Barns, Stable and Appurtenances thereunto belonging—	Near Wellgreen in Eaftcot, and abutting on the Highway leading to GiddyLane on the Weft.
Three Clofes of Meadow or Failure Ground formerly Four Clofes, and Three Springs of Wood thereto adjoining, containing together by Eftimation Twelve Acres—	Abutting upon Giddy Lane aforefaid on the Weft.
Thirty-one Sellions, by computation, of Arable and Pafture Land—	Lying difperfedly in tlie Common Fields of Ruiflip.
One Acre of Land—	In Dickers Mead, One Moiety of which the faid John Crofter took as Heir at Law of Henry Gregory, and the other Moiety was purchafed by him of Mary Groome.
Six Sellions of Arable, Meadow and Pafture Land—	In the Common Fields of Ruiflip, purchafed by the faid John Crofter of John Wilchin.
Forty three Lands of Arable and Meadow Ground— : ^V.. ’ ,	Lying difperfedly in Five of' the Common Fields of Ruiflip, Eleven of which faid Land* lie in Jiaft Field in the faid Parifh of Ruiflip, One of them being a Two Land Piece lying by Efquire Mufgrave, Eaft, and abultingupon Ann Hide, North; another Head Land lying by Mr. Baker, Weft, and abutting on Mr. Spires, North ; another Land lying on Kim-bridge Hill by Mrs. Deacon, upon the Weft, and abutting on James Rodgers Efquire, on theSouth; another Land lying on Kimbridge Hill lying by Mrs. Deacon, on the Eaft, and abutting on the faid James Rodgers Efquire, on the South; Three of the faid Lands lying in Brackenbridge Hill, lying by Ann Hide, upon the Weft, and abutting upon the faid Ann Hide, upon the North ; another Land lying on the laid Brackenbridge Hill, lying by Mrs. Miles, Weft, and abutting on Mr. Johnfon, upon theSouth; another Land lying in a Shott, known by the Name of Eleven Acres, by the laid Ann Hide, upon theNorth, and abutting on Mr. Baker, upon the Weft ; alfo another lying in the faid Eleven Acres’ lying by Henry Robines upon the North, and abutting up6n the faid Henry Robines, on the Weft ; Twenty more Lands lying in a Field called by the Name of Wellfield, One of them being an Headland, lying at Coats, and abutting on Row Hedge, upon the Weft-Three other Lauds lying on Kimbridge Hill’ lying

j'Lee. & Per.1

22 L

1974

48° GEORG 11 III, Cap ro2

Names of Mt'fluages, Lands, &c. and Number of Actes, according to the Old Defcription.	Parilh or Place where lituate, or how abutting.
	lying by Mr. Baker upon the Eaft, and butting into Kimbridge Mead on the North; F.ve Land? on Brackenbridge Hill, lying by Daniel Willhen, junior, upon the Weft; and butting upon Mr. Dancer on the South ; a Two Land Piece lying by the faid Mr. Dancer on the Weft, and butting upon Efquire Koggers upon the North; Four Lands lying in a Shot called Shedding, lying by the Lane, Eaft, and butting On Henry Dancer, North; another Land lying in Shedding, lying by Ann Hide upon the Eaft, and abutting upon Mr. Dancer upon the North; another Land lying in Shedding, lying by John Hall, Baft, and butting on Mr. Winter, North; another Land lying in Hafel Half Acre, lying by Mr. Keene upon the South, and butting on Sir Thomas Franklin on the Eaft ; another Land lying in Hafel Half Acre, lying by Daniel Wilfhen, junior on the South, and butting on Sir Thomas Franklin on the Eaft; another Land lying in Hafel Half Acre, lying by Daniel Wilfhen, junior, on the South, and abutting on Sir Thomas Franklin on the Eaft; another Land lying in Hafel Half Acre, lying by Mr. Tench on the South, and abutting on Sir Thomas Franklin on the Eaft; Nine Lands lying in a Field called by the Name of Roxbone Field, one of them lying by the Lane, Eaft, and butting on Mr. Baker on the North; another Land lying by Efquire Rog-gers upon the Weft, and butting on the faid Efquire Roggers on the North ; another Land lying by Mrs. Deacon, Eaft, and butting into Roxbone Meads on the North ; another Land lying by Mr. Tench, on the Weft, and butting into Roxbone Meads, North ; another Land lying in Roxbone, lying by Peer Williams, Efquire, upon the Weft, and butting on John Hall, on the North; another Land lying in Roxbone, by Peer Williams Efquire, Weft, and butting upon Prior Field upon the South; another Land lying in Roxbone, lying by William Reeves upon the Eaft, and butting on the faid W llliam Reeves on the North; another Land lying by Mr. Baker on the Eaft, and butting into Roxbone Mead, North ; another Land lying by Mr. Baker on the Weft, and butting into Roxbone Meads on the North ; likewife inaField, called by theNameofMarlpit Field, One Land being a Headland, lying by New Pond on the Weft, and upon John Childs on the South ; alfo in a Field, called by the Name of Wittingrove, a thorough Ridge, 1 (hooting on a Headland of Mr.Keens, South, 6 and

4-8° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 102.

*975

Names of Meffiages, Lands, &c. and Number of Acres, according to the Old Defcription.	Pariffi or Place where fituate, or how abutting.
	and butting on a Headland of Mr. David, North j purchafed by the faid John Crofier of William Crolier
A Clofe of Meadow or Pafture Ground, containing by Lftimatipn Five Acres and an Half—	Lying near Ickenham.
And A Clofeof Meadow or Pafture, called Murdens, •containing by Eftimation Eight Acres more or Iefs—	One Moiety of which was purchafed by the faid John Crofier of Henry Berners, and the other Moiety of William Berners.
A Clofe of Meadow or Pafture—	Lying near Clackbridge.
And alfo One Sell ion and an Half of Land—	Lying in Alderflieme Field.
And Forty-four Sellions of Arable Land and Meadow, with the Appurtenances— A Mefluage with an Orchard and Pightle of Land thereto adjoining, with the Appurtenances— A MdTuage or Tenement, called Randall’s ; a fmall Clofe, called Coles j a Clofe of Pafture thereto adjoining.	Lying dil'perfedly in the feveral Common Fields of the Manor aforefaid, which the faid John Crofier took as Heir at Law to his late Father John Crofier. Situate in the Town of Ruiflip afprefaid ; purchafed by the faid John Crolier of Butina Howard, Widow.
And Thirty-two Sellions and Two Acres of Land—	Lying difperfedly in the Common Fields of Kuiflip aforefaid} purchafed by the faid John Crofier of Stephen Ludlow.
Eleven Lands or Sellions of Arable Land—	Lying in Alderfon Field.
And Five Lands or Sellions of Arable and Meadow, and One Acre and an Half of Meadow Land more or lefs—	Lying in Whitting Grove Field.
Six Lands or Sellions of Arable Land, and . Four Acres and-a Half of Arable Land, and One Ley of Meadow—	Lying in Marlepit Field.
A Mefluage or Tenement with the Outhoufes and Appurtenances— And Two Pightles of Meadow Ground adjoining.	At Randal’s Elms, in the Parifh of Ruiflip.
Alfo A Clofe of Arable or Pafture, called Baldwins. And Divers Sellions of Arable Land and Meadow.	Lying in the feveral Fields of Ruiflip aforefaid.
And One Clofe of Pafture, called Creflex—	In Alderfon Field,

1976

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ica.

Name6 of Mefluages, Lands, &c. and Number of Acres, according to the Old Description.	Parilh or Place where fituate, or how abutting.
And A Sellion of Land being an Headland, containing by Ellimation Two Roods more or iefs—	In Alderfon Field.
A Piece of Meadow Ground, containing by Ellimation Two Roods more or lei's—	Lying in Brook Mead, by the Brook, North, and Brook Mead Bridge, Eall; purchafed by the faid John Crofter of Jafon Wiilhin and others.
A Mefluage or Tenement and Farm, called Clarke’s Place, with the Barns, Stables, Out* houfes. Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, and other Appurtenances thereunto belonging— And A Clofe of Land called Ox Clofe, containing by Ellimation, Five Acres.	In the Hamlet of Pinner, in the Parilh of Harrow on the Hill.
And A Field or Clofe of Arable and Paflure Ground, called Callo Hill, containing by Eftimafion Eleven Acres—	Adjoining on the Weft to a Lane leading to Ruiflip.
And A Field or Clofe of Arable Land, called Sinke Foyle, containing by Eilimatiou Seven Acres— And	Adjoining on the North to a Mead called Round Mead.
A Field or Clofe of Failure Ground called the Pightle, containing by Ellimation, Three Acres— And	Lying near Pinner Green on the North.
A Field or Clofe of Meadow Ground, called Round Mead, containing by Eftimatiop, Five Acres —	Adjoining on the South to the Clofe called the Sinke Foyle.
And APart of a Field or Clofe of Arable or Pafture Ground, called the Nine Acre Clofe, containing by Ellimation Nine Acres— And	Lying on the North Side of the Footpath leading to Ruiflip, and on the Weft to the Clofes or Fields called the Sinke Foyle and Callow Hills.
The other Part of the laid Field or Clofe of Arable or Pafture Ground, called Nine Acres, containing by Ellimation Nine Acres—	Bounded with the faid Footpath leading to Ruiflip, on the North, and the aforefaid Ox Clofe on the South.
And A Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground called Calves Leas, containing by Ellimation Seven Acres—	Abutting on the Eaft on Weft End Green, and on the Well and South on the faid Clofe of I.and, called Ox Clofe and Females Ground; and on the North, on the Orchard belonging to the aforefaid Mefluage or Tenement.
And Three Lands or Sellions, and One Half of Arable and Meadow Ground—	Lying difperfedly in a Common Field belonging to Pinner aforefaid, called Longfield, one of them lying in Witney Mead, between the Lauda

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.	1977

1	
Names of MeiTnages, fL'nnds, &c. and Number of Aeres, according to the Old Defcription.	Farifh or Place where fituate.
	or how abutting.

\nrv,

Afcf

4'.

•i S ’t4£t

Lands heretofore of William Street and John Ewer, North- and South-; One -Land and One -Half more lies at Oaken, by Land heretofore of Mr. Jnwics, Well,; and One more lies at Old Hatch, late of the Earl of Dartmouth, on the Ealt.

And

One Seliion of Land—

Lying in a Common Field at Pinner a fore fa id, called Roxborougji, between the Lands late of‘the-Heirs of	Waldo	Kfquirc,

on the Eall^ and theLandsiatevof Mr. Fell on .the Weli.,'and abutting 1 pon Hidelsyid on the South ;" p’urchafed by the laid John Crofter of William Street.



Edward Kelfey.

hallo! h&M •£ tic 4: i©*£ -<f . st £ -jp.-1

■ nut i. jij	-	•	i	i.'	•

*

- ” ^nnfria t: ■ >tv: hjmyj u. >110 tblal.uUOvl I: Mr', .' irnnmh 3 if I UT-WJud ,i»WW	(U	^..IVJ	(Jtvi-	:



[Iflf. fcf fVr.]

22 M

1978

8® GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

The Second SCHEDULE.

In the COUNTY of BUCKINGHAM.

MefTuage and Lands in the Parilhes of Amer-(hatn and Little Mif-fenden.

Meadow Ground in the Pan(h of Iver, pur-chafed of Durand Rh".dde and Mary his Wife.

Tythesinlver, purchafed of Thoma6 Barnard.

AMERSHAM.

Hunger Hill Field Meadow Kennel Field Meadow adjoining

LITTLE MISSENDEN.

The Homeftall, Garden and 7 ~ Orchard -	-	- j	2

Part of Meadow adjoining	-	1

Part of Hunger Hill Field - 3 Hither Buckingham	-	*	6

Middle Buckingham	-	-	8

Further Buckingham	-	-	6

Upper Buckingham	-	-	3

Great Sharp Crofts	-	-	8

Little Sharp Crofts	-	-	3

BaftCrofts -	-	-	8

Callle Tower Croft	-	-	2

Hatch Field -	-	-	3

Moor Piece, or Water Meadow	8

Barn Field	-	-	-	5

Tilby’s Meadow, Garden, Yard, &c. 1 Bevill’s Acre	o

Total 92 o 9

IVER.

Upper and Lower Grove	-C 5

Meadow adjoining -	- ( 7

An Allotment near the fame, j Tythe free

Coin, Tyth«

An Allotment on Iver Heath, Tythe free



The Great Tythes arifing from the above-mentioned Grove and Meadow, and certain other Lands between the River Coin and De-laford Park, belonging to the following Perfons:

THOMAS WARNER.

-	3

-	5

-	5

T. Drake, Efq.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 102.

1979

The County of BUCKINGHAM—continued.

Meffuages, liquids, Sec.

MefTuages at St. Alban’s, purchased of Simon Langford A Mefluage purchafed of John Parrot.

MefTuages purchafed of

Brought forward

CHRISTOPHER TOWERS.

A Meadow Hunts Moor Park Arable Field Ditto

A Meadow Ditto

Wigley's Homefiall A Meadow Ditto

Arable Field A Meadow Ditto

Arable Field A Meadow A Break of Bufhes A Meadow Ditto Ditto

Ditto -

1 36 3 3 3 3 39 3 3°

3 18

3 38

o 24

Mrs.CROZIER.

Homefiall A Meadow

Ditto	-	.

Both Great and Small Tythes the Three laft mentioned.

The Rev. Dr. RHUDDE.

A Meadow

The before-mentioned Upper Grove Meadow, and Meadow adjoining belonging to E. Hilliard, both Great and Small Tythes

Total

Wigley Total BUCKS £

In the County of HERTFORD,

St. Peter’s Parifh, in St. Alban's. Now ufed as Two Tenements

A Houfe and Garden near St. Teter’s Church A Houfe and Garden in St. Peter’s Street -

Widow Smith and Richard Taylor -

Watfon

' Raven

Herts—Car'1 over £

48° GEORGII III. Cap'. 162.

The County of HERTFORD—-catlifnwd:

A Mefluage and other' Piemifts p$rhafe<" Ann Blicii

therT

:i“!

A Mefluage' and Pre-I raifes purcliafed of! John Howard -]

A Mefluage and Pre-miles piirchafed George Reeve

s}

Mcfluages and other Hereditaments Watford, purchafed' of Jacob Francis

Mefluage, See. at Sparrow's Herne Allotment on Bufhey Heath

St. Michael’s, or the Abbey Paris

Now ufed as Two Cottages

A Ga-den adjainin-T ditto - c A Paddock behind the laft Ditto	-	-	-	1

A Walhing-place for Skins in the lait

The Abbey Parish.

Now ufed is Two Cottages

A Garden	-	--

In George Street, near the Market Crofs

WATFORD.

A Dwelling Houfe and Shop at the upper Part of Watford Town, with a Tenement adjoining	-

A Cottage behind Another Cottage adjoining Two Stables	-	*

Two Lofts, or Shops

A Malthoufe and Lofts

A Coal Warehoufe

All the above form one Premifes

A Cottage at lower End of Watford Town

Herts—Brl forwd

Mrs. Wilt (hire and Samuel Upchurch

Jofeph Ejldy J.ifeph Attwood

Charles Whitaker & • Margare t Fi flier -•	:	Collins

Wallis

Richard Brabant

Common Field and in-clofed Arable Land, with a Barn and Hovel Handing thereon in the Parim of Har-lington, piirchafed with other Hereditaments in the Parifli of Hillingdon, of James Edward Colleton and James Hayes

MIDDLESEX.

Harljhgton. In Eaft Field.

Three Pieces

Weft field ditto.

Seven Pieces

Great North Field.

Six Pieces	-	-

Little North Field.

One Piece	-

14 14

3 3

Total HERTS £

13+ '5 6

John Newman

Total Common Field 10 3 16

48“ GEORGII III. Cap.102.

The County of MIDDLESEX—continued.

1981

M< (lunges, LinHs, he. according to the Full Pa 1 of this Sc licit u k.

Prcfent Names and Deferiptio

Brought over - 10

An Inclofute called Town’s End ) Clofe, with a Barn and Hovel 5

Total 16 o 36

Meadows or Pafture 'J Grounds adjoining Cow Moore, pur-chafed with ot’ Hereditaments above, of James Edward Colleton and James Hayi

Hillingdon and Uxbrii

£

A Meadow r

Ditto

Ditto

Cottons.

William Darville, together with certain Cottages and Clofes in lcken-ham and Ruiflip after mentioned -

Awarded in l'en of other") J,ands lying tlifpcrfcd ^ in Cowley Field - j

Two undivided «d Parts'^ of an Allotment in (

' li?u of other Lauds in f Cowley Field	1

An Allntment| in ditto -

Near the ^Tumpike'l I Road at th£ London VI Endot Uxbridge -J i

An Allotment of Land in Cowley Field near Stratford Bridge -	-

A Ditto in Cowley Field Ditto	-

A Field called Pond Field Ditto	-

3 /William Boddy

Gravel Pit adjoining the Par--fonage Garden Late Lens's Garden Gravel Pit Field Cottages,, &c.

Bam Field including a Barn

Timber Yard, See.

Profits for tagging Gravel Meadow

A Meadow Ditto . -Ditto Ditto

* 3>5

William Boddy '

In hand edi mated at* Corbett

3 23 / ^rs* — Lovegrove

3 59j

puriAn

Bnd Pre--

iafed of !fl Col-> Hayes

[Lee. tsf Ptr.J

2 2 N

1982	4S*GEORGII	III.	Cap.	102:

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 102

The County of MIDDLESEX—continued.

*983

Meffuiges, Lands, &c. according to the Firft Far of this Schedule.

Cottage, Garden, &c.	0		
A Rick Yard	9		William Darvell, to-
An Orchard	o	3 8	gether with other
A Meadow		2 36	Lands before men-
A Meadow oppofite the Cot		» h	tioned, in the Pa-
A Meadow near Biles Farm			rilh of Hillingdon
A Meadow near Ickenham Marlh	6	3 36J	

Jdefluage in Berry Street, with theAppurtenances and Land, purchafed of John Kinchant and Emma his Wife, and Charies Sargant.

Brought forward	77	2	30

A n Tnclofure,	part Arable	part	?	«	„	<»

Meadow	-	-	J	18	3	28

A Meadow	-	14	2	39

Ditto	-	.	-1103

Ditto	-	.	-	8	2	22

D^tto	-	•	*	0	x	29

A Cottage and Stable, See. &c. King Field Pafture Field

Cottage, Stable, Yard, &c. & "i Orchard	-	_	j

Home Clofe A Meadow The Pightle Wilberfows Bowdling’s Clofe The South Clack The North Ditto The Third Field A Meadow Field The Great Field Orchard, Yard, &c.

An Allotment in Whitton | Grove and Hill Fields J An Allotment in the Lanes An Allotment in Marlpit Field

1 38

0 37

William Darvell, together with other Lands as above

3 3 ) In Hand eftimated

William Churchill

Homeftalhmd Orcbai Home Field Fall Fie^

' forth Fi3d

■m

t\i\

1 26 I George Woodroffe

3 29J

355 *6 6

1984	4-8°	GEORG	11 III. Cap.102.

The County of MIDDLESEX—continued.

N vnts of Mcffuage., Lan^s &c. accetCmg to the Ftrft Part of this Schedule.	Pi.lc.1t Names end Q./ciipii™.	-Tenant* Names.	P refen r Yearly Value.
	An Allotment in Whitton Grove )	)	«£ /. d.
	and Hill Field - _}27 22-An Allotment in Marlpit Field \ - Q and Aldefton Field - j 29 a 57 » 3o	£ Matthew Saich -	13a 17 0
Dwelling Hcfufe with!	An Allotment in Marlpit Field 826	John Bray	“ 0 0
the Appurtenances, > called Randall’s -j	Part of a-Field at Coder - 1 1 24, Coder Field - - -40 u\ An Allotment on Ruislip 1 ; g Common - . j 10 3	unoccupied - John Lawrence, ^ with other Lands I	5 0 0
i '* Farm called Clark’s Place	24 0 37 HARROW and PINNER. The Lays - - '8 3 16 Round Clole - - 8 1 30 Callow Hill - - - 12 0 21 Mid die Field - - jo 0 8	in Harrow and V Pinner, after men- I tioned - - J	166 5 0
	Ox Clofe . - 6 1 13 Pightle *- - 309 Calf Clofe - 6 3 21 An A1‘ Ament in Dowrv Field - 5 0 24 An Allotment in Front of the Jnclofures at Weft End >012 Green - - -J	John Lawrence, together with other Lands laft de-	
Ditto ditto - 0 2 31		feribed.	
* 1	61 3 1$	Tot • d M T DDLE3EX	1,785 4 6
		Total HERTS -Total BUCKS -	'34 '3 6

Grofs Rental	-	-	*£2,120	o	o

Deductions therefrom;

s. d.

Mo:rty of Arr,? fham and Miffenden Eftate -	-	50	o	o

The like of Hertford/hire Eftate -	-	67	7	9

One-third of Eftate in Hillingdon and Uxbridge marked *	28	13	4

--------------- L46	1	1

N ett yearly Rent, according to the Body of this Aft -	1,973’18 11

Edward Kclfey.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and 'Andrew St rah an, Priaters to the Kind’s moft Excellent Maiefty. 1808.



ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

******************************************************

,1

i j

Cap. 103.

An A61 for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall, in the County of York.	[18th	°June	1 808.]

WHEREAS within the JurifdiSion of the refpective Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall in the County of JTork, there are feveral Very confiderable Manufactories which employ great Numbers of People who contract many fmall Debts which they often refute to pay ; and although an Aft was pafed in the Twenty.ninth Year of the Reign of Ills late Majefty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for regulating 29 G ». the Pr ceedings in Perfonal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefail in the County of York, yet it is found that as the Powers of the Paid Aft extend only to recover Debts contracted within the refpective ] urifdiGions of the Paid Courts, Perfons contracting L ebts within the Jurifdiftion of one of the Paid Courts, do often, to avoid Suit remove into the adjacent Jurifdidtion, whereby i he Plaintiffs in fuch Suits are frequently delayed in recovering their juft Debts, and it is found that the Proceedings in the faid refpective Courts, to bring a Caufe to Trial or Inquiry are very prolix, and the Fees allowed by the faid Aft to the Solicitors profecuiing or defending Suits therein, are greatly in difpropoi tion to the Sums in dil'pute, and the laid Act is found in many other Refpeits inadequate for the fpeedy Recovery of Debts within the Limits of the faid Courts:

And whereas it would greatly tend to the Support and Encourage-*;,j [Loc. & Per.]	22	0	meat

ig86

48° GEORGII Ili. Cap. 103.

ment of ufeful Credit in the Town of Sheffield, and within the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Manors, and would in many other Refpe&s be highly beneficial and advantageous to all Perfons carrying on Trade therein, if the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited A£t were repealed, and other Powers and Provifions granted and made in lieu thereof, for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Debts amounting to any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be enalted; and be it enacted by the King’s inofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this' prefent Parliament affembledj and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Provifoes, Macters, and Things therein contained, fhall, from and after the Second Thurfday next after the palling of this Aft, be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes vvhatfoever.

CommifTion- II* And be it further enafted, That the Lords of the Manors of !Tld andhef Sheffield and Ecclefall aforefaid for the Time being, together with the Ecclefall. Reprefentatives ferving in Parliament for the faid County of Tork for the Time being, and alfo rhe Stewards of the refpective Courts within the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall for the lime being, the Vicar of the Parilh Church of Sheffield aforelaid for the Time being, the Minifter of the Chapel called Ecclefall Chapel for the Time being, the Mafter Cutler of the Company of Cuders in Hallamjhire for the Time being, the Capital Church Burgefs of the faid Town of Sheffield for the Time being, the Town Colle&or or Regent of Sheffield for the Time being, the Magiftrates for the Time being acting and refiding within the faid Town of Sheffield or within the Diftance of Fifteen Miles thereof, and alfo Peter Brownell, Robert Brightmore, George Bennett, Jofeph Binney, Jofeph Bay ley, Daniel Brammell, Ralph Blakelock, William Brittain, Reverend Charles Chadwicke,John Curr, James Camm, Peter Cadman Junior, Francis Carr, Thomas Colley,the Reverend fames Dixon, John Darwin, Samuel Dcakin, James Drabble, John Dcwfnapy Vincent Henry Eyre Efquire, John Eyre, John Eadon, Benjamin Fenton, William Fair bank, John Furnefs of the W icker, John Greaves, Samuel Greaves, the Reverend Wilfred Huddlejlon, Thomas Holy, Daniel Holy, John Henfrey, John Hoyland, JoJhua HawkJley, Thomas Harrifon, William Harwood, John Heppenjlall, Rowland Hodgfon, John Hounsf eld, Anthony Hufton, Thomas Leader Junior, William Littlewood of the Park, Samuel Lucas, HenryLongden, Reverend Alexander Mackenzie, Gamaliel Milner, David Mallinfon, Jonathan Marjhal, James Makin, Hugh Melier, Samuel Newbould, Thomas Nt wbould Junior, Thomas Mrwill, Thomas Newton Grocer, William Newbould, Reverend Matthew Prefon,Charlcs Proctor, Reverend Henry Pearfon, Thomas Rawfon, Samuel Roberts of the Park Grange, Jofeph Read, Jacob Roberts, John Raxv-fon, Ebcnezer Rhodes, Reverend Thomas Radford, Benjamin Sayle, William Shore Efquire, Reverend George Smith, Samuel Staniforih Linen Draper, John Sorby, Peter Spurr, John Shore Junior, James Bhemeld, William ALlbam Smith, Mark Skelton Junior, John Shuttleworth, Benjamin Shepherd, Robert Turner, Lewis Thomas, John Vickers of the Mill Sands, Benjamin Wainright Doftor of Phyfic, George Woodhead Efquire, Thomas Weldon, Thomas Watfon of George Street, Samuel Broomhead Ward, William Wilfon of Pond Street, Jofeph- Wilfcn, Thomas Wilfon of Clifford, William IVilfon, Jofeph Withers, Thomas Wild, Thomas Ajline Ward, Edmund Wilfon, Richard Walton, Jofeph Wreaks, John Wreaks., William lounge Do&or

of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ib3.	1987

of Phyfic, William Tounge; Samuel Youhge, Charles Youhge, and Richdrd Yeomans, fhall be and are hereby appointed Commiflioners tor the Recovery of Debts not exceeding Five Pounds within the faid Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall, and within the Limits of the Courts belonging to the faid Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall refpeftively; and the faid Commiflioners and their Succeifors are hereby conftituted Courts of Juftice by the Name of the Court of Requefts for the Manor of Sheffield, in the County of York, and the Court of Requefts for the Manor of Ecclefall, in the County of Yirk.

III. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners'fhall and they Meeting*, are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the faid Court for the Manor of Sheffield aforefaid once in every Three Weeks, the Firft Meeting or Court to be held on the Third Thurfday next after the pafling of this Aft, and the fubfequent Meetings or Court to be held every '1 hird Thurfday afterwards ; and for the Manor of Ecclefall aforefaid once in every Three Weeks; the Firft Meeting or Court to be held on the Fourth Monday next after the pafling of this Aft, and the fubfequent Meetings or Courts to be held every Third Monday afterwards, or oftener, in both or either of the faid Manors if in the Judgment of the major Part of the Commiflioners for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, at any 'l ime to be aflembled for that Purpofe, they fhall fo think fit and direft, fo as fuch Courts fhall not be held oftener than One Day in each Week; fuch Meetings or Courts to be held in fome convenient Place within the faid Town of Sheffield for the faid Manor of Sheffield, and for the faid Manor of Ecclefall, in fome convenient Place within the fame Manor, a&the major Part of fuch Commiflioners as atore-faid fhall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpofe, and the faid Commiflioners, or the major Part of them who fhall be prefent, fuch Number prefent not being lefs than Three, at their feveral Meetings, to be holden in purfance of this Aft, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all fuch Aftions and Caufes as are he rein-after mentioned, and to give fuch Judgments, and to make fuch Orders and *

Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Cofts, againft the Body or Bodies, or again ft the Goods and Chattels of all and every the Perfon or Perfons againft whom they fhall give any fuch Judgment, or make any fuch Order or Decree, as to them fhall feem right and proper, confiftently with the Rules and Regulations in this Aft contained; and in cafe of an Equality of Votes in any Aftion,Caufe, or Oueftion before the faid Commiflioners, then and in every fuch Cafe the Commif-fioner who ftands firft in the Lift of Names of the faid Commiflioners then prefent (which Lift is hereby required to be kept hung up in the feveral Court Houfes or Places where the faki Commiflioners meet) fhall have the decifive or calling Vote.

IV; And for better regulating the Sittings of the faid feveral Courts, be rime of hear it further enafted. That the laid Commiflioners fhall not hold the faid ingTauics?*^ Courts, or hear or determine any Suit or Caufe, to be heard or determined by the faid Commiflioners by virtue of this Aft, in either of the faid Courts, except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants,

*988	48uGEORG1I III. CapAo$.

ants, Witnefs or Witnefles in the faid Courts, in puffuance of any A&ion or Summons iffiied out of the faid feveral Courts by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever afting as an Officer or Officers of the laid Courts, fave and except between the faid Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, except in the Event of any Caufe having been begun and in part proceeded in before the faid Hour of Three.

miffioners^or Provided always and be it enabled, That on the Decifion of each and Sums not ex- every Aftion. Caufe, or Oueftion for the Recovery of any Sum not exceed-shlning F°niiy -^orty Shillings in either of the faid Courts, Three at leaft of the Com* Five■Cotnmif- miffioners ffiall be prefent in Court, and on the Decifion of each and every ^ums above	Caufe,	or Queftion for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty

Forty Shil- Shillings, Five at lealt of the Commiffioners ffiall be prefent in Court, ings.

How new	VI. And be it further enafted, That when any Six of the faid Com-

ersThaii be”* miffioners hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of this chofen. *■ Aft, ffiall be dead or ffiall have refufed to aft, or become incapable of afting, or ffiall have ceafed to have the Qualification hereinafter required, then and in every fuch Cafe, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor of Sheffield for the Time being to nominate Nine fit Perfons to be Commiffioners., and for the Lord or I.ady of the faid Manor of Ecclefall for the Time being to nominate Three other fit Perfons to be Commiffioners within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after tne Number of fuch Commiffioners Hull be reduced as aforefaid, or fo foon after as conveniently may be, out of .which Twelve Perfons fo to be nominated as laft aforefaid, Six new Commiffioners ffiall be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, and Notice in Writing of a Time and Place of Meeting for the Choice of fuch Six new Commiffioners ffiall be given by the Clerk of the faid. Court for Sheffield to each of the then Commiffioners, or left for them refpeftively at their laft or ufual Places of Abode ; and fuch Notice ffiall alfo be affixed on the Door of tfie Court Iioufes for the faid Courts of Sheffield and Ecclefall refpeftively, Fourteen Days at leaft before fuch Meeting ffiall be hclden; and the Names of fuch Commiffioners fo nominated with tiieir Placesof Abode. Profeifion,Trade or Calling ffiall be prefented by the Clerk of the faid Court of Sheffield to the Com-miffioners aftembled at fuch Meeting, and a Majority of fuch Commiffioners for the Time being fo aftembled ffiall be at Liberty to flrike out of fuch Lifts Six of the Perfons fo nominated and prefented, and the remaining Six on luch Lifts ffiall be the Commiffioners elefted ; or in cafe the Names of none of the Perfons fo prefented to the Commiffioners ffiall be {truck out, the firft Four Names upon the Lift prefented by the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Sheffield for the Time being, and the firft Two Names upon the Lift prefented by the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Ecclefall for the Time being, ffiall be the Commiffioners elefted ; and fuch new Commiffioners in either Cafe fo elefted as aforefaid, ffiall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution, and ffiall be fubjeft and liable to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, to all Intents and Purpofes whatibever, as if they had been particularly named herein as Commiffioners.

Commi'J'on VII. And be it further enafted. That no Perfon ftiall be capable of Oath°takear afting as a Commiflioner in either of the faid Courts, in the Execution of this Aft (fave and except in adminiftering the Oath herein contained to •	1	the

1989

4.S* GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

the other Commiflioners) until he fliall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; that is to fay,

‘ T A.B. do fwear [[or being One of the People called Quakers, do folemnly Form of Oath. ‘ A affirm,] That I will faithfully, honeftly, and impartially, according to the ‘ bell of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine fuch Matters andThings ‘ asffiall be brought before me by virtueof an Ad made in the Forty-eighth 6 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jet f > th the Title « of this Att~] without Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or Mai ce, to any ‘ Perfon or Perfons wbomfoever, and alfo that I am a Houfehjplder within * the Limits or Jurifdidion ot One of the laid Courts, and that I am pof-« felfed of a Real Eftate of the Annual Value of F< rty Pounds, or of a < Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thou I and Pounds above all Charges 6 or Incumbrances whatsoever.

‘ So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation the faid Commiflioners, or any One or more of them., is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter in the faid refpedive Courts, in open Court, and each and every fuch Commif-fioner fliall and he is hereby required, (after taking the faid Oath or Affirmation), to fign and fu’ -feribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, to be provided fo: that Purpofe by the Clerk of the refpeclive Courts, with the faid Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fuch R oil or Roils fliall be carefully kept amongft the Records of the Court to which the lame (hall refpeftively belong.

VIII. And be it further enabled. That no Perfon (fave and except the	.

Lords of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclcfall aforefaid for the ^Commi™ Time being, the Reprefentatiyes ferving in Parliament for the faid floner1, Counfyof York for the Time being, the Stewards of the faid refpedtive Courts for the Time being and alfo the Magiflrates for the Time being adding and refiding within the faid Town of Sheffield or within the d:fiance of Fifteen Miles thereof; fliall-be qualified to adt as aCommiflioner in the Execution of this Adi unlefs he fliall, at the Time of adding, be a Houfeholder within the Limits or J urifdidlion of One of the faid Courts, and poffeffed of aRealEftate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or of a Perfonal Eftate of the Value of One thoufand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever $ and if any Perfon not being qualified as aforefaid fhall prefume to adl as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Adi, every fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence (over and above any Puniffiment that he may be fubjedt and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Colts of Suit, to any Perfon or Perfons who fliall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmirjler, bv Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efifoign, Pro-tedlion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance fliall be allowed,; and in every fuch Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, the Proof of fuch Qualification fliall be on the Defendant, and it fliall be ftjfficient for the Plaintiff or Profecutor to prove that the Perfon fo fucj or profited had acted as a Commiffioner in'the Execution of this'Adl: Provided Aft* of the nevertbclefs, that all Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Adis, and Proceed- C(>inmrfon-■ings of all and every Perion and Perfons afting as.a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in the Execution of this Aft, though not duly qualified as <*»'• aforefaid previous to his or their being convidted of fuch Qffence (hall [Lee. & Per.']	n P	not-

*99°

48°GEORGII III.	Cap:lo5.

notwithftanding fuch Conviftion, be as valid and effeftual as if fitch Perfon or Perfons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Aft.

\/ Ai'P^'tmeni IX. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and ° ure‘ for jthe Mod Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk Lord of the Manor of Sheffield aforefaid, or the Lord or Lady of the faid Manor of Sheffield for the Time being, and for the Right Honourable William Wentworth Earl Fitz-william Lord of the Manor of Ecclefall aforefaid, or the Lord or Lady of the laid Manor of Ecclefall for the Time being^ and they are hereby feve-rally authorized and required within Fourteen Days from and after the palling of this Aft, to nominate and appoint, under his, her, or their refpeftive Hand or Hands, fit and proper Perfons for the Offices of Steward, Bailiff, and other neceffary Officers, of and in the faid Courts of Requefts, for their faid refpeftive Manors, and that luch Steward fhall be a Barrifter of not lefs than Five Years {landing, and fhall attend the Court to which he fhall be fo appointed as Prefident thereof, at leaf! Four whole Court Days in each and every Y ear, in order that he may from Time toTime fuperintend the Proceedings of luch Court, and inveitigate and examine into the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings belonging thereto; and in Default of fuch Attendance by fuch Steward as aforefaid, then the Deputy Steward, or in cafe of the Non-attendance of fuch Deputy Steward, then the principal Clerk of the Court in which fuch Default fhall have been made fhall be entitled to One full Moiety of all Fees to which fuch Steward would have been entitled under this Aft for the Year in which fuch Default fhall have happened as aforefaid ; and that when and as often as it fhall happen, that the Office or Offices of Steward, Bailiff, or Crier, or of any other Office bt, Offices, for the faid refpeftive Manors, fhall become vacant, either through Death or Rcfignation, Sufpenfion, Difmiffion, Removal, or Incapacity, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Mofl Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk and the faid Right Honourable William Wentworth Earl Fitzwilliam, or the refpeftive Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the faid feveral Manors for the Time being, in which fuch Vacancy may happen, are hereby refpeftively authorized, empowered, and required, within Twenty-eight Days after fuch Vacancy fhall have happened, to nominate and appoint, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, another fit and proper Perfon to be Steward, Bailiff, or Crier, or other Officer or Officers, of and in the faid Court in which fuch Vacancy fhall have happened, and until fuch Nomination and Appointment fhall be made as laft aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com-miffioners, or any Three or more of them aflembled as aforefaid, to appoint fuch Officers refpeftively to do the Bulinefs of the Court in which fuch Vacancy fhall have happened, until fuch Nomination and Appointment fhall from Time to Time be made as aforefaid; and all Perfons fo appointed by the laid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, fhall be and fhall be deemed to be (during fuch Time as they fhall be refpeftively fo appointed to aft as aforefaid) entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments annexed to their feveral Offices by this Aft, and fubjeft to fuch Removal as aforefaid.

No Pawn-	X.	Provided	always.	That	no	Perion	ot Perfons who fhall be a Pawn-

to he^tew- broker or Pawnbrokers, or who fhall keep a Viftualling Iloufe, Ale a;d, nor any Houfe, or any Public Houfe of Entertainment, or who fhall fell any Wine, opTbie o?Cr Cyder, Beer, Spirituous, or other Strong Liquors by Retail, fhall be capa-acting as fuch	5	hie

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 163.

ble of holding the Office of Stq>vard or Deputy Steward, or any other Place of Profit or Bufinefs belonging to either of the faid Courts ; and that no Perfon fhall be competent to aft as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft, during the Time he fhall remain in the Capacity ,ot Deputy Steward or Clerk of either of the faid Courts.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the refpeftive Stewards of the faid Courts of Requefts for the 1 ime being to nominate One or more fufficient Deputy or Deputies, to aft for him in the Office of Clerk to the Court to which fuch Steward fhall have been appointed, which Deputy or Deputies in the Abfence of the Steward of the Court to which he fhall have been appointed, fhall have the fame Authority as if the Steward himfelf were perfonally prefent, and fhall from Time to Time be difplaccable and removeable, and fhall accordingly be difplaced and removed at the Will and Pleafure of the faid Steward of the laid Court of Requefts, who fhall have appointed fuch Deputy for the Time being, and fuch Steward or his Deputy is hereby empowered and required, to iftue all Summonfes, Warrants, and Precepts, and to regifter all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the faid Court, to which he or they fhall be fo appointed as aforefaid, and do all fuch Acts, Matters, and Things, as are direfted or required to be done by the Steward of fuch Court by virtue of this Aft; and fhall regifter and enter,' or caufe to be regiftered and entered in proper Books, to be provided by fuch Steward and kept for that Purpofe, all the Afts and Proceedings of the faid Court to which he fhall be appointed, of what Nature or Kind foever; neyef-thelefs it is hereby enafted and declared, that the Steward of the faid refpeftive Courts fhall be anfwerable and accountable for all Afts, Receipts, Matters, and Things, to be done, received, or tranfafted by the Deputy of fuch Steward.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe by reafon of the Negleft, Omiffion, or Refufal of the faid Commiflioners, a fufficient Number of the laid Commiflioners fhall not be prefent to aft in the Execution of this Aft as is herdn-before direfted, on any of the Days appointed for holding the faid refpeftive Courts, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid Commiflioners who fhall be prefent at fuch Court, and if no Commiffioner fhall be prefent, it fhail and may be lawful to and for the Steward or his Deputy for the Time being of either of the faid feveral Courts, to adjourn the faid Courts refpeftivgly to the next Court Day, on which fuch refpeftive Courts are herein-before direfted to be holden, or to fome earlier Day.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Officers of the faid refpeftive Courts fhall execute, do, and perform fuch Orders, Warrants, Precepts. Afts, Matters, and Things, as may be required to be done by them relpeftively by virtue of this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That every Steward, Bailiff, Crier, of other Officer of the faid Courts refpeftively, to be appointed under or by virtue of this Aft, fhail hold his and their Office and Offices of Steward, B:iliff, Crier, or other Officer, during the Will and Pleafure of the feveral Lords of the faid feveral Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefcdl refpec-tively, and not longer or other wife.

1991

during fuch Tune ao lie fhall be Steward or Deputy.

Power for the Steward to appoint a De-puiy.

Steward to be anfwerable for the Acts ot.his Leputy,

If fufficient Commillion-ers do not attend, C< urt

juurncd.

Offices of Bailiff.

Officer^ may be difplaced at the Will of the Lord.

XV. And

*99*

Comm ffion

their Proceeding in a Book.

Caufe* to be

by the (Jom-miflioners.

Commillion-

er? not to determine any Caufe when the Title to

brought in Queftion.

Action; not to be f( lit for the Purpofe ot bringing them before the Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid CommiHioners fhall, and they are hereby required to make, or caufe to be made, fair and regular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Purpofe, of all the Judgments,-Ads, Orders, Directions, Regulations, and Proceedings of them the faid Commiflioners relative to Lhe Execution of the feve-ral Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this Ad, and alfo of the Names of the CommiHioners who (ball be prefent at their refpedive Meetings and fuch Entries fhall be figned by One or more Commiflioner or CommiHioners of each refpedive Meeting; and fuch Entries when fo figned, and fuch Book and Books, {hall be allowed to be read in Evidence in Proof of the Proceedings of fuch Court in all Courts what-foever.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Corn-miflioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all Deputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds in all Actions or Caufes of Debt, whether fuch Debt fhall arife upon any Specialty, Promiffory Note, or Bill of Exchange, or for Rent upon Leafes or Agreements, and in all Caufes of Aflumpfit, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trover and Converfion, and in all Caufes or Adions of Trefpafs or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend, or be conllrued to extend, fo as to enable tne laid CommiHioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Eflate whatfoever, or to judge, determine, or decide any Djbt, where the Title of the Freehold or Leafe for Years of any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatfoever, fhall be brought or come into queftion, nor any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand, originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that fliall arife by Realon of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituate elfewhere than within the Jurildiction of the faid Courts or One of them, or by Reafon of any Caufe concerning Teftamen* or Matrimony, c; any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Lcclefiaftical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by Way of Compofition for or by way of Retainer of Tithes, any Thing in this Ad contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conllrued to extend, Jo as to < nable any Plaintiff to fplit or divide any Caufe or Adion for the Recovery of any Debt where the whole Sum in demand which fhall appear to be due and owing fliall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may bo made the Ground of Two or more Caufes or Adions, for the Purpoie of bringing fuch Caufes or Adions within the Jurifdidion of the faid Courts or One of them ; and in cafe it fhall appear to the faid CommiHioners that any Plaintiff fhall have fo fplit or divided his or her Caufe or Adion as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid CommiHioners fhall, and they are hereby required to difmifs with Colls every fuch Caufe or Adion w here the original Sum in Demand fhall be fo fplit or divided ; but fuch Difmifial fhall not hinder or prevent fuch Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her-

Debt

1993

488GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjler, or in filch other Manner as he or Ihe may lawfully proceed.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, that in cafe any Plaintiff who Action may fhall have fplic or divided fuch his or her Caufe or Action, fhall be ^heretheori-willing to accept fuch Sum of Money as the Commiffioners afting in the faid ginai Demand Courts refpeftively are in and by this Aft enabled to adjudge, decree, and f^e plaintiff pronounce, in full of the Whole of his or her Demand, in fuch Caufe or (hall be fatis-Aftion fofplit or divided, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commif- JteR^fidueof fioners (hall and may adjudge, decree, and award on fuch Plaintiff hi$ Demand, proving his or her Caufe or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the faid Commif-lioners, fuch Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the faid Commiffioners fhall feem juft and reafonable, and fuch Sum fhall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the faid Commiffioners, be declared to be and fhall be in full Difcharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in fuch Caufe or Cafe fo fplit or divided.

r XX. And whereas Perfons refiding in and contracting Debts within the Defendant Limits of One of the faid Courts to avoid Suit do often remove into the SSVw tES, Limits of the other of the faid Courts, whereby Plaintiffs are prevented one ju ifdic-from recovering their Debts by reafon of the Defendant or Defendants ton,and re* not being refident within the JurifdiCtion in which fuch Debts have theotherjto been contracted, be it therefore further enaCted, That any Defendant be liable to or Defendants removing from one of the faid JurifdiCtions into the jurifScSia other, fhall not prevent any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entering Suit and pro* whichDeiend-ceeding againft fuch Defendant or Defendants in the JurifdiCtion where penTobe^eft. fuch Defendant or Defendants may happen to be refident at the Time dent when of iffuing fuch Summons, notwithftanding the Debt may have been commeoc contracted, or the Caufe of ACtion arifen within the JurifdiCtion in wjiich the Defendant or Defendants fhall not then be refident, and that it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to proceed againft fuch Defendant or Defendants, and to award Execution either againft the Body or Goods of fuch Defendant or Defendants, and for the Bailiff of the Court from which fuch Summons fhall iffue, to take fuch Defendant or Defendants into Cuftody, and difpofe of fuch Goods as if he or they had remained refident in the JurifdiCtion of the Court in which fuch Debt was contracted, or Caufe of ACtion accrued, and fuch Proceedings fhall not be flayed by the Removal of any fuch Defendant or Defendants again into or within the Limits or JurifdiCtion of the faid other Court.

XXI.	And to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and given For fummon-in fummoning rhe faid Commiffioners appointed, or to be appointed in Jl^Commii-purfuance of this Aft, to attend the faid refpeftive Courts; be it further tend. 3 " enaCted, That the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the faid refpeftive Courts for the Time being, to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Aft ihall be, and he and they is and are hereby required to fummon on the Monday next before each and every Court Day, held for the faid Court for Sheffield, and on the Thurfday next before each and every Court Day, held for the faid Court for Kcclefall, by Notice in Writing, to be left at the refpeftive laft or ufual Places of Abode of the Commiffioners, to be fo fummoned, Ten of the Commiffioners to attend each of the faid Courts as Commiffioners on the refpeftive Court Days, expreffed in fuch Notice or Notices, and the Firft Ten Commiffioners to be fummoned Ihall be the Ten [Lsc. £s* Per,]	22	Commiffioners

1994-	480	GEORGII	III.	Cap.i03.

Commiflioners whofe Names flfiftf fland firft upon the Lift hereby directed) to be hung up in the feveral Courts, or Place or Places of meeting of the faid Commiflioners; and the next Ten Commiflioners to be fo fummoned, flia.ll be the Five Commiflioners whofe Names fiiaL1 ftand next in fuch Lift, and the Five laft Commiflioners who were fummoned to attend the lait pre* ceding Court, and fo in like Manner Ten Commiflioners (hall be fum? moned for each eafuing Court in the faid feveral Manors, in like Order and Rotation until fuch Lift fhall be gone through, and then fuch Lift fliall be gone through again.

But this is not XXII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein contained otherCommif.	extend, or be conftrued to extend, fo as to exclude any of the faid

fioner from Commiflioners for the Time ing from fitting in the faid feveral Courts, acting. although fuch Commiflioner fliall not have been fummoned, or ftand in Rotation to be fummoned, but that each and every fuch Commiflioner, if he fliall think fit fo to. do, fliall and may fit and hear, and afiift in determining, giving Judgment, and making Orders and Decrees in the faid feveral Courts, and fliall have the like Powers and Authorities as any Commif-fioner fo fummoned as aforefaid, any Thing hereiii-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Debtors to be XXIII. And be it furtherema&ed, That from and after the firft Meeting of bbforethed	the faid Commiflioners, in the faid feveral Courts, it fhall andmay be lawfulto

Commiiiion- and f°r any Perfon or Perfons (whether fuch Perfon orPerfons fliall refide ers, who within the Jurifdi&ion of One of the laid Courts or not) having any Debt or 'Order^be- Debts on the Balance of Account in demand or otherwife howfoever, not ex: tween tt.c	ceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her,

Parties.	or ^hem, in his, her, or their own Right or in the Right of any other Per-

fon orPerfons, or as Executor or Adminiftrator, Guardian, Aflignee, or Truftee to any Perfon or Perfons, or due or owing to him as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer, to any Commiflioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly affociated and conftituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatfo-ever, which the faid Commiflioners by this Act are enabled to judge and determine, and not exprefsly prohibited by this A£t, or by or from any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, inhabiting or refiding within the faid feveral Manors or Jurifdictions, or keeping and ufing, any Houfe, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand or other Place of dealing, or working, or generally ufing and frequenting the Markets there, as a Dealer, or feeking a Livelihood, to apply to th'e Steward of the Court, for the Time being, in which fuch Debt, or the greateft Part thereof fliall arife, if the Defendant fliall then be refident within the Jurifdi&ion of that Court, and if not refident there, then to the Steward of the Court, in which fuch Defendant fliall be refident, or to the Deputy of fuch Steward, who fliall immediately make out and deliver to One of the Bailiffs of the faid Court for the Time being, in which - fuch Debt fliall arife, or Defendant fliall be refident, a Summons in Wciting under the Hand of fuch Steward, or his Deputy, directed to fuch Debtor or Debtors, expreffing the Sum demanded of him, her or them, and Rating the Particulars, of fuch Demand or Caufe of Adtion, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place, to be mentioned in fuch Summons, before the Commiflioners of the faid Court, from which fuch Summons fliall iflue, to anfwer fuch Demands ; and fuch Bailiff fliall forthwith ferve or caufe . .	9	fuen

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 103.	1995

firch Summons to be ferved on filch Debtor or Debtors either perfonally or by leaving the fame with his, her or Iheir Servant or other Perfon belonging to him, her or them, at the Dweliinghoufe, Warehoufe, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of fuch Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurif-di&ion of One of the faid Courts, and upon due Proof made of fuch Summons having been duly ferved in Manner aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners prefent in Court, fuch Number prefent not being lefs than by this AQ. directed, are hereby required and empowered to make due Enquiry concerning fuch Demands or Plaints, and make fuch Orders and Decrees therein and pafs fuch Final Sentence and Judgement thereupon and award fuch reafonable Cofts of Suit, as to them fhall feem right and proper, confidently with the Rules and Regulations in this Aft contained.

XXIV.	And, for the better Difcovery of the Truth, and more folemn De* erT™.y^aX" termination of the Matters and Caufes which lhall be depending in either. minifterOath*. of the faid Courts, be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful.

to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in the faid feveral Courts, to ad-minifter an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations to any Officer of the faid Courts, or to any Party or Parties whom they the, faid Commiffioners fhall think proper to examine, touching the Matters then in Queflion, and alfo to fuch Witnefs or Witneffes as fhall be produced by each Party,	.

and alfo to any other Perfon or Perfons whofe Evidence fhall feem neceffary towards the hearing or determining any of the faid Caufes or A&ions, or making any Order or Decree therein or for any other Purpofe requiftte for the better Execution of this ACt.

XXV.	And be it further enacled, That no Evidence ffiall be permitted to f-0 Evidence be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any fuch Caufe or Action as afore-, tobe given by faid, or of any Caufe of Action, except fuch as is Hated in the faid Sum-'flatter notny mons hereby dire&ed to be given, ncr fhall any Evidence be admitted on tinted in h;s Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of fuch Caufe or Action b>XTicndantr of any Demand he, fhe, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in of any erofs the Nature of a Sett-off, to leffen or difeharge himfelf, herfelf, or themfdves mXhave^n from fuch Demand or Caufe of Action unlefs Proof to the Commiffioners the plaintiff of parol Notice thereof has been given to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or “bereofbe'X Notice thereof in Writing has been given by perfonal Service, or by leaving en by himfV* it at his, her, or their Dwelling-houfe, Warehoufe, Lodging, Place of

Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, Trading, or working previous to the Day when fuch Matter or Caufe fhall be heard or tried.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who ifDebtordoes fhall have been duly fummoned to either of the faid Courts as aforefaid, fhall coVfmSn-.not appear either in Perfon or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other ers may pro*. Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf before the Court to which he or they ceed'

{hall have been fummoned, except Caufe to the Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners fhall be ftated at the Time and Place mentioned in the faid Summons, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners affembled in the faid Court, from which fuch Summons fhall have iffued, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the faid Summons in Manner aforefaid, to hear the Caufe on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and make fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and award fuch reafonable Cofts of Suit as to them ftiali feem W . -	right

i9$6

And if the Plaintiff does not appear to prove his Demand, Defendant ihall have Cofti.

Comminjon-awaid Erecu-the Body or

In cafe Patfi.e fhall abfcond or fecrete their Goods.

48* GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 103.

right and proper, and confidently with the Rules and Regulations in this A,& contained.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons iffued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the faid Courts or either or them, or of theCaufe, or on Account of which Suit Summons fhall have been iffued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall not appear either in Perfon, or by his, her, or their Agent, or fome other Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing fhall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court from which fuch Summons fhall have iffued, but fhall become nonfuited, or Judgment fhall be pronounced againft him, her, or them by fuch Court, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid C ommilfioners prefent in fuch Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants fuch reafonable Cofts, and fuch reafonable Satisfaction, for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance as the Commiffioners in fuch Court ill their Difcrerion fhall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by fuch Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by fuch Court.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in any Caufe, AClion, or Cafe where the Commiffioners in the faid refpeCtive Courts fhall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of M< ney, it fhall and may be 1 wiul to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in fuch Court to award Execution either againfl the Body or Goods of the Party againfl whom fuch Order or Decree fhall be made, and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful to ai d for the proper Officer of the faid refpeCtive Courts, at the Prayer of the Pai ty profecuting fuch Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to iffue a Precept under his Hand and Seal by Way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or Fieri Facias to One of the Bailiffs of the Court from which fuch Execution fhall iffue, who, by virtue of fuch Precept iffued upon Execution awarded againfl the Body of fuch Party, fhall and may and he is hereby empowered to take fuch Party, being within the JurifdiCtion of either of the faid Courts, and carry him, her, or them to the common Gaol or Prifon, within the relpeCtive JurifdiCtion of the Court from which fuch Procefs fhall have iffued, there to remain until he, fhe, or they fhall perform and obey fuch Order, Decree, or Judgment, for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed ; and in cafe any fuch Procefs fhall be iffued upon Execution againfl the Goods and Chattels of fuch Party, fuch Bailiff fhall and may, and he is hereby empow* ered to levy by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of lucb Party, being within the JurifdiCtion of the faid Courts, or either of them, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts as fhall be fo ordered, decreed, or

3	adjudged ; and if the Party againft whofe Body or Bodies any fuch Exe* ecution fhall be awarded and Procefs thereupon fhall iffue, fhall, by abfcond-mg or by fecreting or lemoving his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effed of any luch Execution, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent in the Court from which fuch,Procefs fhall have iffued, upon due Proof made thereof before them, by the- Oath or Oaths of one or more credible \Vitiiefs or Witneffes, at their Difcretion to award further Execution either againft the Body or Goods and Chattels of fuch Party; and Procefs fhall iffue thereupon and fee ferved by One of the Bailiffs- of fuch "Court, m

Manner

1997

4.S*GE0RGII III. Cap.ioi.

Manner aforefaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be fully paid and fatisfied ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners from Time to Time, in cafe they (hall think fit, for the Eafe and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by feveral Payments or Inftalments, and under fuch Terms and Conditions, as may appear reafonable and juft to them the faid Commiflioners for the Eafe of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners prefent in the faid refpeftive Courts, in cafe any Default or Failure of any fuch Payments or Inftalments fo ordered, decreed, or adjudged and direfted, (hall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at the Inftance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the faid Default or Failure, to award Execution againft the faid Defendant or Defendants, or againft any other Perfon or Perfons who may have given Security to the faid Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, under the Direftions of the faid Commiflioners for the Payment of fuch Payments or Inftalments in Manner aforefaid, for the whole Debt or fuch Part thereof as (hall then remain unpaid, together with fuch further Cods as to them (hall feem juft and reafonable; and fuch Debt or fuch Part thereof, and fuch further Cofts (hall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Cofts firft decreed.

XXIX.	And as it may happen that Perfons ferved with Procefs iffuing out if Defendant of the faid Courts of Requeft, or either of them, may, in order to avoid remove out of Execution, remove their Perfons and Effects beyond the Limits of the [j0en of'theT Jurifdiftion of the Court, from which fuch Procefs (hall iflue j be it Court to avoid therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums (hall have been obtained in either of the faid Peace may Courts, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Bailiff of either of the faid Courts to apply to any Juftice of the Peace acting for the mcl’' Divifion or Place to which fuch Defendant or Defendants, or his or her Goods and Chattels (hall be removed, and upon Proof being made upon Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required to ad-minifter,) of the Precept of Execution having been iffued againft the Perfon or Perfons or Effefts (as the Cafe may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Perfon or Perfons, Goods and Chattels of fuch Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurifdiftion of the faid refpeftive Courts, but is or are believed to be within the County or Diftrift where fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall aft, fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to fign or indorfe his Name upon the back of the faid Precept of Execution, and thereupon the Bailiff or other Officer of the faid Court, (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to take and feize the Perfon or Perfons or Effefts of the Defendant or Defendants wherefoever the fame (hall be found within the County or Diftrift for which fuch Juftice of the Peace who (hall have fo figned or indorfed the faid Precept of Execution as aforefaid (hall aft, and to deal therewith in like Manner as if the fame had been taken or feized within the Jurifdiftion of the faid Court; and all Conftables and other Peace Officers (hall, and they are herely required to be aiding and aflifting within their refpeftive Diftrifts in the Execution of the faid Precept fo indorfed as aforefaid.

[hoc. V Per. J

22 R

XXX. And

1908

Steward to indorfe Debt and Cofts on thePrecepts, and if paid to Clerk of Court before Sale, Execution to-be fuperfedcd.

Procefs not to i flue a»?inft the Perfon and Goods and Chattels or the fame Perfons*

Commifli oners to l'ufpend Proceedings ih Cafes where Debtors are ill or unable to pay the Debt.

Gaoler, &c to

mitted.

4.8* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 103.

XXX.	And be it further enaded,That upon each and every Precept to be ifi'ued upon Execution awarded againft the Body, or Goods and Chattels, of any Perfon orPerfons whomfoever, the Steward of the Court from which fuch Execution fhall ilTue, fhall indorfe or caufe to be indorfed, the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Cofts fo ordered, decreed, and adjudged, and it the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded re-fpedively, ftiall before any actual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, the, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprifonment as herein mentioned, pay or caufe to be paid, or tendered unto the Steward of the Court from which fuch Procefs fhall have ifi'ued, or his Deputy, fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed, to be paid fuch Steward as a Compenfation for his Trouble in receiving the fame,and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full for fuch Sum or Sums of Money and Cofts, then and in every fuch Cafe the Execution fhall be fuperfeded, or the Body, or Goods and Chattels of the faid Party or Parties fhall be difeharged and fet at liberty.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful to or for the faid Commiffioners, to iffiie any Procefs againft the Body or Bodies of any Perfon or Perfons in any Cafe or Cafes, where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, fhall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Procefs againft the Goods and Chattels of the fame Perfon or Perfons.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe it fhall at any Time, during the hearing of any Caufe in either of the faid Courts, appear by the Oath of any Perfon or Perfons, or by the Certificate of any Medical Practitioner, to the Satisfadion of the major Part of the Commiffioners prefent at the Court at which filth Caufe fhall be heard, that fuch Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sicknefs or unavoidable Accident, to pay and difeharge the Debt or Debts for which he, fhe, or they, fhall have been fo fummoned, then it lhall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the faid Commiffioners afiembled in fuch Court as afore* faid, to fufpend or fuperfede the Proceedings jn fuch Caufe,

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Time being of the refpedive Common Gaols or Prifons within and belonging to the faid feveral Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall, fhall and may, and they are hereby required to receive and take into their Cuftody re-fpedively, all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall be committed, or ordered to Hand committed by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them prefent in either of the faid Courts ; and in cafe the Keeper or Keepers of the faid feveral Gaols or Prifons ftiall neglect or refufe iq receive and take into his or their Cuftody, any Perfon or Perfons com* mitted by virtue of this Ad to the Prifon belonging to and within the Jurifdidion of the faid refpedive Courts, or fhall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Perfon or Perfons fhall be committed to his or their Cuftody, difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons cut of his or their Cuftody, and wilfully fuffer fuch Perfon, or Perfons to go at large with, out a Warrant or Order for that Purpofe, in Writing, figned in Court by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, fuch Keeper or Keepers refpedively fo offending in either of the faid Cafes, and being thereof convided before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the

( - .-/peace

r999

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

Peace for the Well Riding of the laid County of York, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnelTes (which Oath fuch Jullice cr Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), or upon his, her, or their own Confefllon, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the faid Juftice or Juftices; and in cafe fuch Sum ftiall not be immediately paid by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending into the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender or Offenders fliall be convided, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Sum (hall be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices, rendering the Overplus if any to fuch Offender or Offenders, after deducing the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and fuch Forfeiture when fo paid, levied, or recovered, lhall be diftributed amongft the Poor of the Town or Hamlet in which fuch Penalty fhall be levied in like Manner as the feveral other Fines or Penalties are by this Ad direded to be diftributed; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fliall not be found, it fliall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice or Juftices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Iioufe of Corredion for the Weft Riding 6f the faid County of York, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Con vision, be fooner.paid and difeharged.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That no Privilege fliall be allowed No Privilege to exempt any Perfon liable to befummoned by virtue of this Ad, from the 10 be allowed Jurifdidion of the faid Courts of Requefl,on account of his being a {worn t0 1 ttorn,c8* Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majefty’s Courts of

Record-at Wcjimpnjhr, or of any pther Court whatfoever, but that all fuch Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers fliall be fubjed to the feveral Prq-ceffes. Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the faid feveral Courts of Re-queft in the fame Manner as any other Perfon orTerfons is and are fabject to the fame.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That no Attorney, Solicitor, Scrive- tfo Attorney, ner, or any Perfon pradifing the Law fliall be permitted to appear in either p^titS of of the faid Courts of Requeft as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, for or the Law,-to on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Perfon, or be admitted be Adv<>cate. to fpeak before or in the Prefence of the Commiffioners affembled in the

faid refpedive Courts or either of them, in any Caufe, Adion,or Matter in whichfuch Attorney,Solicitor or Scrivener is not himfelfa Partyor Witnefs, and in cafe any Attorney, Solicitor or Scrivener fliall appear in either of the laid Courts of Requeflas an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate before either of the faid Courts, in any Caufe, Adion, or Matter in which fuch Attorney,

Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himfelf a Party or Witnefs, then and in every

fuch Cafe fuch Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener fo offending, {hall for every

fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on

being convided thereof before any One or more of His Majefty's Juftices

of the Peace for the faid Weft Riding of the County of York, upon the

Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Wftneffes, which Oath fuch

Juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter,

or on his own Confeffion; and in cafe fuch Sum of Money fhall not be paid	J

forthwith by the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, into the Hands of the. faid

Juftice or juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convided, then and

in §very fuch Cafe, fuch Sum of Money fliall be levied by Diftrefs and

Sale

2000

48*GE0RGII III. Cap. 103.

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices. rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender, after deducting fuch Fine or Forfeiture, and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Salej which Fine or Forfeiture, when fo paid or levied and recovered, fhall be diftri-buted amongft the Poor of the Town or Hamlet in which fuch Penalty fhall be levied, in like Manner as the feveral other Fines and Penalties are by this Ad direded to be diftributed.

lv>uw XXXVI. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Fees herein-after taken. limited and expreffed, and no other, fhall be taken by the Steward, Bailiff, and Cryer of the faid refpedive Courts for their feveral and refpedive Services in the Execution of this Ad; that is to fay,

TO THE STEWARD.

Entering every Caufe Iffuing every Summons Entering and drawing up Judg-1 ment, Decree, or Order - J Paying Money into Court and") entering fame in his Book J Iffuing Subpoena

Iffuing any Attachment, Precept, 1 Order, or Execution - J For every Nonfuit For every Search in the Book -For fwearing each Witnefs

To Ten Shillings inclufivc.

To Forty Shillings inclufive.

s. d. s. d.

04	06

04	06

06	08

04	08

p 4	08

08	10

08	08

03	04

02	o 3

TO THE BAILIFF.

Serving every Summons, Order, or Subpcena within One Mile of the Court -If above One Mile, extra for each Mile Execution of any Warrant, Pre-'j

cept, or Attachment againft > o 6 the Goods or Body - J If beyond One Mile from the I 02 Court, for every extra Mile J If an Affifhnt be neceffary for the 1

Bailiff, for fuch Afliftant - /	4

If beyond One Mile from the "I

Court, for every Mile extra >] o 2 for fuch Affiftant -	-	J	‘

0	4

° 3

1	o

° 3

0 6

° 3

To Five Pounds inclufive.

/. d.

I 4

0	8

1	4 1 o I o I 4

1	4

o 8 o 6

o 6

0	4

1	6

0	4

1	o o 4

And

2 GO I

4«°GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

And the faid Coinmiffiorters fhall, and they are hereby required to hang up TaHsofFees and affix, or caufe to be hung up and affixed, a Table of all fuch Fees in • ” t[fe refpec-fome conlpicuous Place in each of the faid Courts, or Place or Places of live courts. Meeting of the faid Cominiffioners refpe&ively, in order that all Perfons concerned may be enabled to perufe the fame.

XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That in every Cafe where any nebtB due to Wages, or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, not exceeding the ^refo^ayn^r Sum of Five Pounds, fliall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, ^covered. Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Afliftant, Labourer, or any other Perfon whatfoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it fliall and may be lawful to and for fuch Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Affiftant, Labourer, or other Per-fon, to fue for and recover fuch Debt in thefaid Courts in the fame Manner as if he or fhe were of full Age ; and the faid Cominiffioners prefent in fuch Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all Caufes concerning fuch Debts in the fame Manner, and fhall have fuch and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon'or Perfonswhomfoever

who fliall be committed to the faid Gaols or Prifons, or either of them, by Debtors order of the faid Courts, or either of them, for any Debt or Debts, fliall limite<i* be kept or continued in Cuftody on any Pretence whatfoever, (except in cafes herein provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of lime, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prifon, than is or are herein-afteir limited in that Behalf, (that ie to fay) where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, fhe, or they fliall not be kept o$ continued in cuftody for more than Twenty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Gofts) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then-no more than Forty Days ; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Forty Shillings and does riot exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt

exclufive of Cofts) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclufive of Cofts) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the faid Keeper and Keepers of the laid fever al Gaols or Prifons is and are hereby directed and required to difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons accordingly.

XXXIX.	And, in order the more effectually topreventPerfons fummonedfor If _nv Debt6r

Debts to the faid fever al Courts from the fraudulent Concealment of their concealing Money or Goods, be it further enafted, That in cafe upon the Summons	^

of any Perfon for any Debt or Debts before either of the laid Courts, Infer- \ Tme of'his mation of any fuch Practice fliall be given, fuch Court fliall have Power to Imprifonment hear Evidence as to fuch fraudulent Concealment; and in cafe it fliall be ^rlaVedlC D" proved to the Satisfaction of fuch Court, upon the Oath of one or more

Witnefs or Witneffes, (which Oath the faid Courts are hereby feverally empowered to adminifter) that any fuch Debtor has Money or Goods which he or flie has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every fuch Cafe it fliall and may be lawful to and for the Court to which fuch Information fliall have been given, to enlarge the aforefaid Time of imprifon-[Lce. & Per.]	22 S	ment

2002

48* GEGRGII III. Cap.16$.

mtnt to any Period in addition thereto not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

'The Time of Imprifonment fhall extend feparately and fuc-ceifively for each Execution.

.XL. And be it further enabled, That all and every Perfon and '?efons who fhall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Proeefs iffuing from or out of the faid feveral Couits of Requeft, and who at the 'l ime of his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, fhall have more than one Execution againlt him, her, or them in the faid Courts or either of them, fhall be imprifoned the Time by this A£t limited for and in refpeft of fuch Execution, and after the Time fo limited on the firft Execution is expired the Imprifonment on the fecond Execution, if in the fame Court, fhall commence; and after the Time fo limited in the fecond Execution is expired, the Imprifonment on the third Execution, if in the fame Court, fhall commence, and fo on until he, fhe, or they fhall have been imprifoned the Time by this Aft limited’ for and in refpq£t of eachfeparate Execution to be iffued againfl him, her, or them in the faid Courts refpectively, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Cuftody, or during his, her, or their Imprifonment, any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

H?bie°to "a* XIX And be it further enacted, That each and every Perfon imprifoned Gaol VtltJ by virtue of this A£t fhall on the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprifonment be difeharged and fet at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, Reward or other Gratuity whatfoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the faid Gaols or Prifons, or of either of them, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Dif-charge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatfoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the faid Gaols or Prifons, or cither of them, or any other Perfon whomfoever, fhall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, upon the Difcharge of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo committed to his or their Charge or Cuftody as aforefaid ; or fhall keep or detain any luch Perfon or Perfons a Prifoner or Prifoners after the Time by this Adt limited for his, her, or their Imprifonment; every fuch Keeper, Turnkey and other Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Two Juftices of the Peace for the faid Weft Riding of the faid County of 2 ork, to hear and determine every fuch Offence ; and fuch Two Juftices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of fuch Offence having been committed, in cale luch Information fhall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to fummon the Party accufed, and alfo rhe Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the Matter, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of one or more credible Witneis or Witneffes, or by the voluntary Confeffion of the Party accufed, to give Judgement or Sentence for fuen Penalty or Forfeiture aforefaid; and in cafe, fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall not be forthwith paid, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus if any, after deducing fuch Penalty and Forfeiture and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and

for

2O0J

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 103,

For fuch Juft ices to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Comthori Gaol or HouFe of Correction for the Faid Weft Riding of the faid County of Fork,, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalty and Forfeiture and all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Conviction, be fooner paid and difcharged ; and One Moiety of fuch Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, fliall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons informing or fuing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Steward of the Court to which fuch Information (hall have been given, and the fame fhall be by fuch Steward diftributed amongft thePoor of the Town or Hamlet in which fuch Penalty fhall have been levied, in fuch Shares and Proportions as to the Commiffioners adting m the Court in which fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall have been incurred, fliall feem right and proper.

XLII. And be it further enadtcd, That if any Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Sting hi? Officer or Officers of the faid Courts, or either of them, employed to ferve any Execution fhall, by wilful Neglect, Omiffion, or Connivance, caufe or fuffer the Party againft whom fuch Execution fhall be awarded to efcape or abfcond, or the Goods of fuch Party to be carried away or fecreted, fo that fuch Execution fhall not have its due Effedt, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Wit-neffes, to order fuch Bailiff to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which fuch Execution was awarded, by the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for Rec®very of their Debts; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby enabled to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for fuch Offence, on fuch Bailiff or Bailiffs,-Officer or Officers of fuch Courts, or either of them, and fuch Fine if not forthwith paid fliall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of t he Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting fuch Fine and the Cofts and Charge' of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Fine when fo levied and recovered fhall be paid to and diftributed by the faid Commiffioners, in fuch Shares and Proportions, and in fuch Manner amongft the Poor of the Town or Hamlet in which fuch Penalty fhall be levied, as they the faid Commiffioners may think fit and proper.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Steward, Bailiff, Cryer,or officers tak-any other Officer or Servant employed under or by virtue of this Adt, or in> any Fee any of the Powers in Execution thereof, fhall exadt, take, or accept any Fers^ailowed Fee or Reward whatfoever, other than and except fuch Fees as are ap- ‘-y the Act. pointed and allowed to them refpectively by virtue of this Adt, for of on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Adt, or on any Account whatfoever relative to putting this Aft into Execution, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall, upon Conviction thereof before the faid Com-miflioners, in which fuch Execution fhall have been made at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdidt or Judgment being had againft him in fuch Adtion as next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incapable of ferving or being employed under this Adt in any Office of Profit or Emolument, and fhall, over and above, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fliall fue forthefame by Adtion of Debt, Bill,

Plaint,

2004	48°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	103.

Plaint, or Information in anv of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVcJl-minjler, within Three Calen ar Months after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

WiTnefs not XLIV. And be irfurther enabled, That in cafe anyPerfon orFerfons redding attending if or being within the JurifdiCtion of the faid feveral Courts after having fummoned. been duiy ferVed with a Subpoena or Summons, ro be iffued by the Steward of the Court in which the Caufe of ACtion fhall have arifen or Suit profecuted, and paid or tendered his or her reafonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in fuch Subpoena or Summons mentioned on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, /hall negleCt or refufe to appear purfuant to fuch Subpoena or Sammons, due Proof being made of the Service of fuch Subpoena or Summons, and no fufficient Caufe for his, her, or their Abfence or Non-appearance being fhewn to the Satisfaction of fuch Court, and Oath being made before the faid Commiflioners by the Party or Parties at whofe Inftance and on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons iffued, that the Perfon or Perfons ferved therewith was or were a Witnefs or Witneffes by fuch Party or Parties judged neceffary for the Proof of his, her, or their Caufe or Gaufes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to impofe any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, on fush Perfon or Perfons; and in cafe fuch Fine fliall not be paid forthwith, fuch Fine fhall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commif-fioners, rendering the Overplus if any, after deducting fuch Fine and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and fuch Fine whenfo paid, levied, or recovered fhall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whofe Inftance or on whofe Behalf fuch Subpoena or Summons fhall have been iffued; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fliall not be found, it fliall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction in and for the faid Weft Riding of the faid County of Tork, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

Juniftiingper; XLV. And be it further enaCted,Thafif anyPerfon or Perfons upon Exa-P«fwy. °( niination on Oath or Affirmation before the faid Commiffioners in any ACtion, Caufe, or Matter, depending in the faid Courts of Requeft, or either of them, or before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace aCting in Execution of this ACt, fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or fhall wilfully and corruptly fwear or affirm any Matter or Thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, fuch Perfon fo offending and being duly convicted thereof, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubject and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in force or effeCt, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, are fubjeCt and liable to.

CommiiTlori- XLVI. And be it further enaCted, That if any Commiffioner of the faid ers not to act Courts for the Time being fhall be Party to or concerned or interefted iattrefted are in any Caufe, ACtion, or Matter, depending in either of the faid Courts, 7	or

-2005

4.8‘GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

cr flinll be the Father, or Son, or Brother of any Perfon or Perfons con* cerned or interefted in any fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, fuch Com* miffioner fhall not be capable of afting as a Commiflioner on the hearing or determining fuch Caufe, A&ion or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein; but fuch Commiflioner after being heard in fuch Caufe, Action, or Matter, fhall withdraw until the fame be finally determined ; and if the Steward, or his Deputy, or other Officer of the faid fe-veral Courts for the Time being, fhall be a Party to or interefted in any Caufe, Adlion, or Matter depending in either of the faid Courts in which fuch Caufe fhall be heard, fuch Steward, Deputy, or other Officer, fhall not exercife his faid Office in fuch Caufe, Adlion, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the faid Commiffioners forming the faid feveral Courts, fhall and may appoint any other Perfon to execute the Office of fuch Steward or Deputy, or other Officer refpe&ivelv, in all Things relating to fuch Caufe, Adtion, or Matter.

XLVII. And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall con-temptuoufly and wilfully infult or abufe all or any of the faid Commif- 0f the raid fioners, or any of the Officers of the faid feveral Courts for the Time Courts, and being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in either of the faid Courts, Intuits.1 or in going to or from the faid Courts, or either of them, or fhall hinder or obitrudt the Proceedings of the faid Courts, or either of them, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Bailiff or Bailiffs of both or either of the faid Courts, with or without the Aflifiance of any other Perfon or Perfons, by the Ol der of the faid Commiffioners, to take fuch Offender or Offenders into Cuftody ; and the faid Commiffioners fhall examine into fuch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what palled, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, and upon fuch Infult, Abufe, or Mifbehavibur being proved as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impofe a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every fuch Offender or Offenders ; and in cafe fuch Fine fhall not be forthwith paid, fuch Fine fhall and may be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, after deducing fuch Fine and the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels, and the faid Fine when fo paid, levied, or recovered, fhall be paid to and diftributed by the faid Commiflioners, in fuch Shares and Proportions and in fuch Manner, amongft the Poor of the Town or Hamlet in which fuch Fine fhall be levied, as they the faid Commiffioners fhall think fit and proper ; and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredtion for the Weft Riding of the faid County of TorA, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XL VIII. And be it furtner enadted, That the Stewards of the faid feveral Courts fhall fix o1* caufe to be affixed or ftuck up in the moft public Part of the faid feveral Courts or other Place where the Commiffioners of the faid [Loc. & Per.]	21	T	Courts

Copv of the preceding <. laufe to be duck up in the reflective Court Houfe*.

aocb

Nothing hereto prevent an> Pe-ifon from liftrain-ing for Rent.

Statute oFLi-mitatons lhali be pleaded.

Recovery and Application , f Penalties.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.x03.

Courts fhall meet, a true Copy of the preceding Claufe of this ACl, to the End that no Perfon or Perfons fhall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XLIX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to prevent or reftrain any Perfon from diflraining for any Rent, or Arrears thereof, in cafe the fame fhall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted. That where any Debt fhall be due and owing, or demanded from any two or more Perfons, jointly by Reafon or on Account of fuch Perfons being Partners in Trade, or otherwife jointly concerned. Service of fuch Summons as aforefaid on any one of fuch Partners or Perfons, or left at his. her, or their laft ufual Place or Places of Abode, Warehoufe, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall,Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, fhall be as good and fuffir.ient as if each of fuch Partners or Perfons were feparately fummoned as aforefaid.

LI. And for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the faid Courts of Requefl, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Defendants in either of the faid Courts fhall be allowed to claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and effeCt, and every Defendant fo pleading or claiming, fhall have and receive fuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as fuch Defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this Adi had not been made, and he, fhe, or they had been fued for the fame Debt or other Caufe of ACtion, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmbifler, or in any other Court, and had there pleaded fuch Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

LTI. And be it further enabled, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Adi impofed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly diredted), fhall be levied and recovered by Diflrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the faid Commiflioners, (which Warrant fuch Commiffioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeffion of the Party, or upon ihe Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath), and the Overplus (if. any) of the Money arifing by fuch Diflrefs and Sale, fhall be returned, upon Demand to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedudling fuch Fines and Penalties, and the Colls and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Diflrefs, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not heroin-before directed to be otherwife applied) fhall be paid to the Steward of the faid Commiffioners of the Court in which fuch Penalty fhall have been levied, and fhall be by the Commiffioners diftri-buted amoagfl the Poor of the Town or Hamlet in which fuch Penalty jhall be levied in fuch Manner as the faid Commiffioners or any Three or more of them fhall think right.and proper, and in cafe fufficient Diflrefs fhall not be found, or fuch Penalties and Forfeitures fhall not be paid forthwith, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Iloufe of Correction for the faid Weft Riding of the faid County of Tork> there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time 3	not

2007

48°GEORGII III. Cap.t03.

not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all realbnable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, (hall be iooner fully paid and fatisfted.

LIB. And be it further enadfced, That in all Cafes -where any Convidtion yfction! C°n* fhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this A dt,

the Form of Conviction fhall be following 5 that is to fay,

‘ "DE it remembered, That on this c in the Year of our Lord e A.B. is convidted before

the Words, or to the Effect Day of

of His Majefty’s Juftice; of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the County of 'York, or before Three of

*	the Commillioners for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron

*	of the Manor of Sheffield or Ecctefall [as the Cafe may be] of having

*	[as the Offence Jhall be] and I [or. We] the faid

6	do adjudge him [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the

*	fame, fuch Offence being contrary to the Provifions of an Adt mad*

‘ in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

6 intituled. An Adt, [here infert the Title of this Aft] the Sum of

c Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and SealsJ the Day ‘ and Year aforefaid.*

LTV. And be it further enadted,That where any Diftrefs (hall be made for Diftref? not to any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Adt, the Diftrefs itfelf fVwantot (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame Fo. m. be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, on account of any defedt or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Convidtion, Warrant of Diftrefs or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties diftraining be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fo diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfadtion for the Special Damage in an Adtion upon the Cafe.

LY. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdidt, or Judgment, or Proceeding* other Proceeding made, touching or concerning any of the Matters afore- nJf°e5ef faid, or touching or concerning the Convidtion of any Offender or Wantof Offenders againft this Adt, lhall be auafhed or vacated for want of Form Form* only.

LVI. And be it further enadted. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall re- Plaintiff not to cover in any Adtion to be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for	or

any thing done in purfuance of this Act, unlefs Notice in Writing (hall after Tender have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days before of Amwuis* fuch Adtion be commenced, of fuch intended Adtion, figned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fpecifying the Caufe of fuch Adtion * nor (hall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any fuch Adtion if Tender of fuff dent Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before fuch Adtion brought, and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have been made, it -fhall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or

Defendants

2oa8

Power to rai Money for palling this Act.

Actions.

4.8" GEORGII III. Cap. 103.

Defendants in any fueh Adion by leave of the Court after fuch Adion fhall have been brought, at any Time before Ifliie joined to pay into Court fuch Sum of Money as he, fhe, or they (hall think fit, whereupon fuch Proceeding, Order, and Judgment (hall be made and given in and by fuch Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

fe LVTI. And be it further enaded, Thai for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences incident to and attending the preparing, obtaining, and paffing of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Five of them, at their firft or any fubfequent Meeting, in fuch Manner as they fhall think proper, to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they or any fuch Five or more of them fhall think fit j and they or any fuch Five or more of them are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to enter into and execute fuch Security or Securities as may be required by any Perfon or Perfons for the feveral Sums of Money as fhall be fo borrowed, with Intereft for the fame; and the Time or Times of fuch Sum or Sums being fo borrowed fhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by the Steward of the Court for the faid Manor of Sheffield; and for raifing a Fund for paying off fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhall or may be borrowed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and the Intereft in refped thereof, and alfo for providing from Time to Time for the neceffary Expences of Fire, Coals, Candles, and cleaning the re-fpedive Court Houfes, or Places of Meeting of the faid Commiffioners, and for other necefiary and proper Purpofes, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the refpedive Stewards of the faid feveral Courts to dedud and retain by and out of the Monies to be recovered for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Suit or Adion to be commenced in either of the faid Courts, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixpence, when the Amount of fuch Debt recovered fhall amount to the Sum of One Pound; and any Sum or Sums not exceeding One Shilling, when the Amount of fuch Debt recovered fhall amount to the Sum of Two Pounds; and any Sum or Sums not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, when the Amount of fuch Debt recovered fhall amount to the Sum of Three Pounds ; and any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings, when the Amount of fuch Debt recovered fhall amount to the Sum of Four Pounds; which Sum or Sums fo to be raifed as aforefaid, the refpedive Stewards of the faid Courts are hereby required and direded to keep Account of, and pay over from Time to Time to any Five or more of the faid Commifiioners afiembled in Court, for the Purpofe of applying the fame as hereafter mentioned ; and that fuch Five or more Commifiioners (hall in the firft Place apply the fame in Liquidation of or in paying off fuch Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed, (and the Intereft thereof), for the Purpofe of preparing, obtaining, and pafling this Ad ; and the Remainder of luch Sum or Sums to be from Time to Time railed, fhall be applied by any Five cr more of the faid Commifiioners affembled for that Purpofe, or by the Steward of the faid feveral Cohrts, for the incidental Expences attending fuch Courts as aforefaid.

f L\ III. Provided always, and be it cnaded. That noAdion or Suit fhall be commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in purfu-

ance

48’ GEORGII' III. tap 102.	20°9

ance of this Ad after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad commit-ed, and every fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought and tried in the County of 7'ork and not elfewhere, and if any fuch Action or Suit fhall be brought before Twenty-one DaysNotice fhall have been given,or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforefaid,or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforefaid, or fhall be brought in any other County than as afore-faid, then and in every fuch. Cafe the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verdid, of if the Plaintiff ihall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their Adion or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch Cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Cofts, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant hath, for Coils of Suit in any other Cales by Law.

LIX. And be it further enacted* That in cafe any Suit or Suits fhall be As to P o-pending under the Act herein-before referred to, for regulating the faid	in

Courts, where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or Suits fhall which Hnai not have obtained a Judgment or Judgments therein, previous to the ^ot^bta*ncd palling of this Ad, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to difcontinue fuch Action or Actions, and to proceed for the Recovery of fuch his, her, or their Demand, under this prefent Ad; and in cafe fuch Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs fhall prove his, her, or their Demand to the Satisfaction of the Commifiioners for the Time being, in the Cpuits in which fuch frcfh Adi on or Adions is or are brought, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commifiioners, in Addition to the Demand fo proved, to allow fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs his, her, or their reafonable Cofts incurred in any Proceedings had under the faid former Ad, and the fame fhall be considered as Part of the Demand, and recoverable in the fame Manner as the Debt or Debts fo proved*

LX. And be it further enaded, That all and every Perfon or Perfons A?to thc Im-confined in the Gaols of the faid Manors of Sheffield or Ecclefall, or either ferfonTun of them, at the Time of the palling of this Ad, or who fhall be committed Judgment ob-thereto within Fourteen Days afterwards, under or by virtue of the faid th^lmn^of0 former Ad, fhall remain and continue therein during the Remainder of the this Act. Time or Term, agreeably to the Order or Warrant under which he, fhe, or they, fhall have been fo committed, in the fame Manner as if this prefent Act had never been made; and that all or any Warrant or Warrants already granted or obtained by virtue of or under the faid former Ad, againfl the Goods of all or any Perfon or Perfons previous to the palling of this Ad, fhall, at the Option of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or Suits, either be executed agreeably to the laid former Ad, or the Amount of fuch Debt and Cofts, may be fued for as a Debt recoverable under this prefent Ad.

LX I. And be it further enaded, That die Prifon or Gaol for the Time prifon of the being for the Liberty of Hallamjhire, fhall be and be ufed as and for go'rtfovthrf the Prifon or Gaol for the laid Manor of Sheffield, and in which all sbdfidd, Perfons who fhall be taken in Lxecution, or be committed or detained by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad, fhall and may be kept in fafe Cuftody.

[Loc. & Per.]	12	U	LXII. And

2010	4k' GEORGII IH. Cap. 103.

LXII. And be it alfo enacted. That the Prifon or Gaol for the Time 0	being	for	the	Manor of Ecclefall, fhall be and be ufed as and for

the Prifon or Gaol for the faid Manor of EcclefaU, and in which all Per* fons who fhall be taken in Kxecution, or be committed or detained by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad, fhall and may be kept in fafe Cultody.

Saving to the	LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this prefent Ad

Manor°f thc	not extenc^ or conflrued to extend, to do away or in any Manner in-

norc* terfere with all or any of the Copyhold or Cullomary Courts, or Court Leet or Court Leets, or any other Court or Courts within, belonging, or appertaining to the faid Manors of Sheffield and EcclefaU, or either of them, or the faid Liberty of Hallamjhire, or to deftroy or annul, diminifh or prejudice any Rights, Liberties, Franchifes, Ufages, Cufloms, Royalties, Suits, Services, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities, enjoyed with, appertaining or belonging to the faid Manors of Sheffield and EcclefaU, or either of them, or the faid Liberty of HaUamffiire, except fo far as any of them may be inconfiflent with the Provifions of this Ad; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Public Act,	LXIV. And be it further enabled. That this Ad fhall be deemed and

taken to be a Public Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juflices, and others, without beihg fpecially pleaded.

Commence- LXV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall commence and ment 01 th« take Effed from and after the Second Thurfday next after the palling of this Ad.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s mod Excellent Majeffy. i8c8.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

***********%******m*********m***********************

Cap. i o+.

An Aft for rebuilding tbe Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

[18th "June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Harbour of Berwick is a Place of confiderable and increafing Refort for Ships and Veffcls trading to and from the fame : And whereas the Pier, formerly built to fhelter the Harbour f om Siorms and to keep the River Tweed within its Channel, is of late Years gone to decay, no Funds having been provided for keeping it in repair, by which Means the Elarbour is now much expofed to Smrms, and the Navigation at the Entrance thereof is much narrowed a; d impeded by Sand Banks and other Obflruftions, and in danger of b-coming alrogcther unfit for the Purpofes of Trade; and it is therefore become neceffary that the faid Pier fhould be rebuilr, and that other Wo ks fhouJd be erefted for the Prefervation and Improvement of the faid Harbour: Ai d whereas alfo feveral of the prtfent Duties or Rates on Goods and Ships are not exaftly afcertained, and it is expedient that the Eire fhould be fixed, and that they fhould be veiled in Commilfioners to be appointed by this Aft, inftead of the Mayor, Bailiffs and Bur<*effes of , the B rough of Berwick-upon-Tweed as heretofore, to be by them applied 1 r the Purpofes of this Aft: And whereas alfo the faid Rates or Due'o will no: be fufficient for the Purpofes of this Aft, and it is there-foie' neceffary that other Monies fhould be raifed by a Tonnage Duty on Shipping *, but as the fame cannot be tffeftcd without the Authority of Pa lament: May it therefore pleafe Y< ur Majcfty chat it may be enafted; [Loc. Per.']	22 X	and

48°GEORGII III. Cap, 104.

and be it er,; fted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content cf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefint Parliament affrmbled, and by the Authority of the (ame. That John Clunif, David Slow, William Pattifon Efquires; Richard Tcdd, Richard Reavely, Jain ’s Graham, Ma k Riddell, William Berry, Stephen Snndcrfon, Rice Paxton, Johnfon Pattifon, George Nicholfon, Thomas Gilcbrijl, Ralph Brody, John Rohertfon, George Riddell, James Forjler, and Anthony Forjier Gentlemen, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commilliuners for rebuilding and maintaining the faid Pier, and for ereftirtg fuch other Works as to them fhall feem mod proper and expedient for the Pre-fervation and Improvement of the faid Harbour, and for putting in Execution all the Powers in and by this Aft given and granted, according to the feveral Ways and Methods hercin-after defcribed ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them (except where fome other Number is appointed and required by this Act), to do and order and direct all Matters and Things to be done, from Time to Time, which fhall be neceffhry for the carrying on, com-pleting, maintaining, and preferving the faid Pier, and for the Prefcrvation and Improvement of the faid Harbour, and for carrying all the Purpofes of this Aft into Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning of thts Aft.

Qintificancm	II. And be it further enafted, That no Ptrfon fhall be qualified or

•t coasnf. capahle to aft as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft (except in adminiftering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) unlefs he lhall be an Inhabitant of the Parilh of Berwick-upon-1 weed or the Chapclry of Twrecim uth in the County of Durham, and lhall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, ih the aftual Pofltffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Freehold or Copyhold, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes or fhall be pcffcfled of a Perfonal Eflate to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, or lhall.be in the Receipt or Enjoyment of a clear annual Income arifing from Profcffion, Trade, Office, or otherwife, -mounting to One hundred Pounds} and unlefs he lhall, before he aft as a Commiffioner, take and fubferibe the Oath or Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the faid Commiflioners (who are hereby empowered to adminifter the fame), in the Words or to the Effeft following; (that is to fay),

Oath.	‘ T A. B. do fwear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do

*	A folemnly affirm] That I am truly and bond fie in my own Right ‘ [or, in the Right of my Wife] in the aftual Poffeffion and Enjoyment 1 [nr, Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Here-< ditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes ‘ [cr, poflefled of a Perfonal Eflate to the Amount or Value of Eight 1 hundred Pounds, or, in the Receipt or Enjoyment of a clear annual

*	Income amounting to One hundred Pounds, as the Cafe may be], and « that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trufts repoted in me, by an

*	Aft palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Th.rd, intituled [here infers the Title of this AH'], to the bed of my ‘ Skdl .and Knowledge, without Favour or Affection to any Perfon

*	whaifoever.

* So help me GOD., And

2014

ComroifSon-

Qnorrnn of Com ..ifl.cn-ers n o: ii-nary Calcs*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1O4.

And if any Pi-rfon, not being qualified as aforefaid, (hall aft as a Com-miffioner for putting this Aft or any of the Powers herein contained in Execution, or being qualified (hall, previous to his afting as a Commi1* lioner, negleft or refufe to lake fuch Oath, or make (uch Affirmation as aforefaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hirer f, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifry Pounds, to be recovered by any Perfon who will fue for the fame in any of His Majefty*s Courts of Record at Wtjiminjlcr, by Action of Debt, or on the Cate, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Pioteftion, Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed; and every Perfon fo fued or proftcuted (hall prove that he was at the Time of afting qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife (hall pay the faid Penalty, with* out any other Proot or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Profecutor than that fuch Perfon had afted as a Commiffioner in the Execution of this Aft ; and the Money fo to be recovered (hall, after Payment of the extra Cods and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, be applied as follows ; (that is to fay), One Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff, Informer, or Profecutor, and the other Moiety to the Purpofes of this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That when any of the Commiffioners herein named, or hereafter to be elefted, (hall die or ceafe to rtfide in the faid Parifh of Berwick or the faid Chapelry of Tweedmoutb, or (hall at any T*me during the Space of Six Months together refufe or negleft to aft (fuch Death, Removal, Refufal, or Negleft to aft being declared at a publiik Meeting), or when any of the faid Comnr.ffioneTS (hall declare in Writing, or at a Meeting in Perfon, that he does intend not to aft in future as a Comm (lioner, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the furviving Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby required to eleft and appoint One or more proper Perfon or Perfons, refiding in the faid Pariffi ot Be* wick or the faid Chapelry of Tweedmoutb, to be a Commiffioner or Commiffioners in the Place or Stead of him or them fo dying, removing, refufing, neglefting, or declining to aft. Ten Days publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every fuch Eleftion being given in Writing, figned by the Chairman or by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners, or by any Two or more of the faid Commiffioners, affixed on the Doors of the Church and Town Hall of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforefaid; and every Perfon fo to be elefted (hall from the Time of his Eleftion have the fame Power and Aut oricy for putting this Aft into Execution, as if he had been exprefsly named and appointed a Commiffioner in and by this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Commiffioners, or any Threr or more of them, Jball meet together at the Town Hall in Berwick-upon Tweed aforefaid, on the Third Tuefday next after the paffimg of this Act, between .the Hours of Ten and Two, and proceed to put this Aft into Execution ; and a General Annual Meeting of the laid Commiffioners (hall br held on the Firffi Tuefday in the Month of June in every Year for the future, at fuch Hours as the faid Commiffioners may appoint; and that the laid Commiffioners lhall and may at fuch Annual Mcecinos, and irom Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themfelves to meet ac fuch Time and PI ce within the faid Pariffi of Berwick as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper; and if it (hall happen that Three Com-

6	miffioners

2015

Penalty for acting nor being qualified.

On Death, Refulal, Removal or Re* lignation of Commiflion-ers, new one# to be appointed.

Commifiion-ers Fiiit Meeting and Power to adjourn.

aoi6	48°	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 104.

million?r$ {hall not appear at any Meeting, then the Chairman (if prefent), or if he be not prefent,.any Two of the faid Commiflioners (hall and nay adjourn the Meeting to any other Day; and in cale neither the Cnairman nor Two other Commifiioners (hall attend at any luch Meeting, or in cafe the faid Commiflioners .at^ any Time, affcmbled (hall omit or negUd to a joorn tbemfejvVs, theiv and in every fuch Cale the Clerk to the faid Commiflioners (hajlby Writing, to be affixed on the Doors of the Church . nd Town; Hall of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, at lead Seven Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Commiflioners to nvecat the Houfe or Place where the laft Meeting was held, or was ap-jo ..ted to be held, or fome oilier, convenient Houfe or Place within the fajd,P.mfh of £mv/Y£, on. fome convenient pay for that Purpofe, and the fikl.Coomiflioners ffodl at their Met tings defray their ownExpences; and all Orders and, Determinations of the faid Commiflioners (hall be made at the Meetings to be held in puifuance of this Ad, and not oihcrwife.	,

in s on V. And be it further enabled, That if after any Adjournment of 2ny liaier^eaues, j^ee[jns as aforefaid it (hall at any Time be thought neceflary that an earlur D iy cf Meeting lhould be appointed than the Day appointed by fuch A-ijournment, 'an that Cafe the Chairman or any Two Commiflioners may appoint fuch Peering, giving or caufing to be given' to the faid C,mm. dinners Notice thereof, either verbally in Pcrlon, or in Writing to be left at their rd'pedive Houfes at lead Twenty-four Hours before fuch Meeting, and fuch earlier Meeting (hall a!nd may be held accordingly $ • and all the Proceedings of the Commiflioners at all fuch Meetings (hall be as valid and effedual as they would hav6 been in cafe fuch Meetings had been held in purfuance of Adjournments, ■ c

Chairman to VI, And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners (hall aC •niiua 1*1! their	Meeting,	and	afterwards	annually	at their annual General

JVfodings, or at the Firft Adjournment thereof, eled a Chairman to pre-fjde at fuch Meetings, who (ball continue in his Office for the Space of One Year, and he (hall net be difqualified from being re-eleded ; and in cafe of the Death or Refignation of fuch Chairman before the regular Determination of his Office, the faid Commiflioners, at their next Meeting after fuch Death or -Refignation, (hali tied or choofe another Com-miffioner to be Chairman, who (hall continue Chairman for fo long as his Predectffor would otherwife have been entitled to continue in Office, and no Meeting (ball be held without the Chairman (except as herein-after mentioned); and the faid Chairman (hall have no Vote except in Cafes where the other Commiflioners prefent (hall be equally divided, in which if Chairman Cafes he (ball have a calling or deciding Vote : Provided nevertndefs, that d°aMeet-" in ca^e Chairman (hall be difabled by Sicknefs or oiherwile from iTgs another attending, or (ball negled or refufe to attend any Meeting held according to ue appoint- t0 Adjournment or Appointment made by himftlf or in his Prelence, o” “*	at	any Meeting held according to Adjournment or Appointment of other

Commiflioners, or the Clerk as hexcin-before mentioned (provided the faid Chairman fnall have had Notice of fuch Meeting held by Adjournment or Appointment of other Commiflioners or the Clerk Twenty-four Hours at leail before fuch Meeting, either ptrfonally or by Writing left at his Dwelling-houft), then and in fuch Cale the Commiflioners prefent may proceed to the Election and Appointment of another Chairman for

that

2017

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

that Meeting only, and after fuch Eledion and Appointment fliall and may proceed to do all and every the Matters and Things by this Ad provided and authorized to be done.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all fuch Commiflioners as are commjtnon-Juftices of the Peace may ad as Jultices in the Execution of this Ad, juai^cptlie notwitl (landing their being Commiflioners (except in Cafes where they Fe«ce may act may be personally interelted); and in all Cafes where the Commiflioners as utlu

are authorized to examine any Perfon or Perfons on Oath, it (hall De lawful for fuch Commiflioners to adminifter fuch Oath.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Orders and Proceedings cf

the Commiflioners at their feveral Meetings (hall be entered in a Book Or in Book*. ^ Books to be kept for that Purpofe, and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered (ball be figned by the Chairman of the Meeting; which Book or Books, and alfo the Book nerein-after direded to be kept for regiftering the Mortgages and Aflignments, fhall be admitted as Evidence of the Ads, Matters, and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatfoever, touching any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad: Provided always, Mortgagees thac no Mortgagee, or Affignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or JlotdSqCafi-any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any Rates or Duties granted fiedtoacta* by this Ad, or receiving Inrereft thereout for the fame, (hall be deemed Commiffion-unqualified or difabled from ading as a Commiffioner in the Execution of '4 this Ad, by reafon of his being luch Mortgagee or Aflignec.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffion-faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby poi^t officer*, empowered, by Writing under their Hands or Hands and Seals, to appoint and employ a Treafurer, Clerk, Colledor, Engineer, Harbour

Mafter, and any other Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, that (hall be neceflary for the Purpofes herein exprefled, and for carrying this Ad into Execution, and to allow fuch Treafurer, Clerk,

Engineer, Colledor, and Harbour Mafter, or other Officer or Perfon, fuch Salaries, Wages or Recompence, as the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, (hall, by Writing under their Hands or Hands and Seals, order or dired; which faid Treafurer, Cleik, Colledor,

Engineer, Harbour Mafter, and other Officer or Officers, Perfon or Perfons fo to be appointed and employed as aforelaid, (hall, from Time to Time and at all Times whatfoever, be removable by the laid Commif-fn.ners, or any Seven or more of them, the faid Perfon or Perfons having Notice at leaft Twenty Days before the Time of voting for his or their Removal, and the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, (hill have Power and Authority to appoint any other or others in his and their Place and Places.

X.	And be it further enaded. That no Commiffioner appointed or to Commiffion* be appointed in or by virtue of rhis Ad, nor any Perfon in Truft for ers not ro hokf him, (hall be capable of being appointed or employed, or of ading as a Profit- °f Treafurer, Clerk, Colledor, Engineer or Harbour Matter, or other into any too-Officer under the Lid Commiflioners, or of entering into or being con- &c' cerned or intcrefted in any Contrad, or being employed in any W^rk to

be done under this Ad, or of having any Benefit, Profit, or Advantaae from any fuch Oflice, Contrad, or Work refpedivtly; and any Com-[Loc. & PerJ	22 T m	ffijnet

iOi8

Officers to givebecuiit ami to account.

4S‘GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

miflioner offending againft this Claufe fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That the Treafurer, Clerk, ColP&or, Engineer, and Harbour Matter, or other Officers or Perfons fo appointed, (hall, before they or any of the*n enter upon their refpeCiive Offices, give fuch good and fufficient Security for the Performance of the Duties of their refpeCiive Offices, and for the anfwering and paying of all and every Sum and Sums of Money that fhall be by them refpedively received in virtue of their Offices, unro fuch Perfon <A Peffons, and in luch Manner and Form as the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, (hall order, direCt, and appoint; and that all fuch Officers and P«.rfons (hall under their Hands, at fuch Time and Times and in luch Manner as the faid Commiffioners fhall direct, deliver to the laid Com. miflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Peifons as they fhall appoint, true and perfeCt Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Ad, and alfo of all Monies which fhall have been by them refpeCtively received by virtue and for the Purpolcs of this Ad, and how much thereof hath been paid and difburled, and for what Purpofes, together with the proper Vouchers for luch Payments, and (hall pay all fuch Sums of Money as fhall remain in their refpeCiive Hands to the faid Commiffior.ers, or to fuch Perfon or Perfo. s as they fhall appoint, and the faid Officers and Perfons lo accounting fhall upon Oath (if thereunto required by the faid Commiflioners) verify the laid Accounts; and if any fuch Officer and Perfon fhall not make and render, or fhall negled or refufe to verify upon Oath any fuch Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the lame, or to make Payment as afoiefiid, or fhall not deliver to the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Ptrfons as they fhall appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being thereunto required by Notice in Writing figned by the faid Commiflioners or their Clerk, and given to or left at the Jail ufual Place of Abode of fuch Officer or Perfon, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Cuftody or Power relating to the Execution of this ACt, or give Satisfaction to the faid Commiflioners refpecting the fame, then the faid Com-miflioners are hereby authorized and empowered to caufc an ACtion to be brought againfl the Officer or Perfon negle&ing or refufing, in order for ■the Recovery of the Monies which fhall be in his Hands, with Colts of Suit, or to make Complaint of any fuch Refufal or Negled to any Jufticc of the Peace for Berwick 2forefaid, or of fuch County, City, Town, or Place where fuch Officer or Perfon fhall be or reflde; upon which Complaint fuch Juftice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe fuch Officer or Perfon to be brought before him, and on his appearing, or noc being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fummary Way; and if upon Confeflion of the Party, or by theTeftimony of any credible Witnefs or Witnefics upon Oath, it fhall appear to fuch Juftice that any of the Monies which fhall have been collected and railed by virtue of this ACt lhall be in the Hands of fuch Officer or Perfon, fuch Juftice is hertby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufc luch Money to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattel* of fuch Officer or Perfon ; and if the Goods and Chattels of luch Officer Or Perfon cannot be found fufficient to anlwer and fatiafy the faid Money and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, or if it lhall in Manner afore*

faid

2019

48° G E 0 R G11 III. Cap. 104.

/aid appear to fuch Juftice thatanv fuch Officer or Perfon (hall refufe or negled to render and give fuch Account, or to verify the fame as aforefaid, or to produce theVoucheis re lar mg thereto, or that any Books,

Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Ad, (hall be in the Cuftody or Power of any fuch Officer of Perfon, and he (hall have refuled or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction refpeding the fame as aforefaid, then fuch Juftice fh ill commit everv fuch Offender to the Common Gaol of Berwick aforefaid, or of fuch County, City, Town, or Place where fuch Officer or Perfon fhaii be or refide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they (hall make and give a true ami perfed Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he or they (hall compound with the faid Commiffioners refpeding the fame, and (hall have paid fuch Compofition in fuch Manner as they (hull appoint (which Com-pofuion the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he or they (hall deliver up all fuch Books, Papers, and Writings as aforefaid, or give Satisfadion in refped thereof to the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid; but no fuch Officer or Perfon who (hall be committed on Account of his not having fufficient Goods and Chattels as aforefaid (hall be detained in Prifon for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That, from and after the paffing of Property in this Ad, the Right and Property of and in the faid old Pier, and all the Materials thereof, and of and in all the Ground and Rock on whic h the Tre.ifur r or fame was heretofore built or founded, and which has heretofore been ^rkb’ripll0 deemed to belong to the faid Pier, and of all Rock and Stone now Accountst &c. fituate and being between the Place commonly called The Meadow Haven,

and the Bed of the River Tweedy and the Property of the loading and delivering Births at the prdent Quays and Wharfs in the faid Harbour, and of all and every the Works to be eroded in purfuance of this Ad, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things which lh 11 be pur-chafed for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall belong to and the fame are hereby veiled in the Treasurer or Cle k of the faid Commiffioners for the Time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered, with the Confent of the faid Commiffioners, to caufe any Adion or Adions to be brought, or ary Bill or Bills of Indidment to be preferred, or other Profecutions commenced (as the Cafe fhall require), againft any Perfon or Perlons who (hall Ileal, take, or carry away, fpoil, demolilh, or break down or injure any Part or pjrts thereof.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiffioners may foe commiffion. or be fued in the Name of their Chairman, Treafurer, or Clerk j and Snd^e^d that ro Adion which may be brought or commenced, or Indidment that hi the Name pray be preferred or profecuted by or againft the faid Commiffioners, or ofthe541 hair* any of them, by virtue of this Ad, in the Name of their Chairman, Hirer, Treafurer, or Clerk, (hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or clerk* Removal of fuch Chairman, Treafurer, or Clerk, or by the Eledion of

any other Perfon to be Chairman, Treafurer, or Clerk, or by the Ad of fuch Chairman, Treafurer, or Clerk, without the Confent of the faid Commiffioners, but the Chairman, Tieafurer, or Clerk for the Time being, fhall always be deemed Plaimiff, Profecutor, or Defendant in fuch Adion or Indidment (as the Cafe (hall be, except as herein-bef ore is provided): Provided always, that all Colls and Expences which fhall be 3	incurred

2020

To \y r?ira-buri'd their law Expence*.

Perfon* deploying the Pier, &c. to be tra fpoited for St Ten Yean.

Powers for improving the Navigation.

48#GEORGII III. Cap.ro+.

incurred by or on Behalf of the faid Commillioners, or any Perfon of Pcifons employed by them in profecuting or defending any Ad ion, Suit, or Profecucion touching the Execution of this Ad, lhall always be rein. burfed and paid out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad.

XIV.	And be it further enadrd. That if any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever (hall, afrer the paffing of this Ad, maliciouily, wilfully, or wantonly demolifh, deftroy, or break down or Heal, take or carry away any of the Works made or provided by virtue of this Ad, or any of the Materials thereof or provided for the fame, or lhall break down or carry away any Part of the faid old Pier, or any of the Stones or Materials formerly Part thereof, and now lyi' g near the lame, or any of the Rocks or Stones lying between The Meadow Haven and the Bed of the faid River Tweed, or any of the Materials of the prefent or future Quays or Wharfs in the faid Harbour, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony ; and the Court and Courts by and before whom luch Perfon and Perfons fhall be convided have hereby Power and Authority to adjudge fuch Felon and Felons to be tranfported for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are direded to be tranfported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of fuch Punilhment the faid Court may pafs fuch Sentence as the Law direds in Calcs of Petit Larceny.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commillioners, or fuch Pcr-fon or Perfons as they lhall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands nominate 2nd appoint, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants fhall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to deepen, cleanfe and fcour the faid Harbour, and for that Purpofe to dig, take up, remove and carry away any Filhing Batts, Stands, Rocks, Scone, Sand, Gravel, Rubbilh, or any other Obftrudion or Impediment whatfoever which lhall in anywife prevent, prejudice, or hinder the free Navigation of the faid Harbour; and alio to build, ered, fet up, and make within the faid Harbour, or upon the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, fuch Jetties, Buildings, Capfterns, Mooring Anchors, Dolphins, and other Engines and Polls for the Purpofe of carrying on, completing, or prelerving the Navigation, and render ng the faid Harbour more fate and commodious, and for other Works and Convtniencies neceffary and re-quifite for thofe Furpcfes, as and where the faid Commiffioners fhall think fit, and from Time to Time, as often as they lhall think proper and convenient, to alter, repair, increale, enlarge, and amend the fame ; and alfo to build, fink, and make all fuch Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, or to repair, rtbuild, or alter or remove any of the prefent or future Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, in fuch Way as to them lhall appear necelfary or expedient for the better Accommodation of the Shipping and the Trade of iht Port; and alfo to make, amend, widen, turn, alter, or enlarge any Roads, Ways, or Faflages to or from the faid Pier, Quays, Wharfs, or Do ks, and other Parts of the faid Harbour; and alio to carry and convey all S; rts of Materials, in, over, and upon any Lands or Grounds, in order to the making, carrying on, perfecting, improving, and finiOiin" of the faid Works and Navigation, and for altering, repairing, and maintaining the fame; and alfo to lay, work, and manufacture the faid Materials upon the Ground near to the Place or Places where the laid Works, or any of them, (hall be or are intended to be made, erected* or done s

w v	and

2021

48° G E 0 R G11 HI. Cap, 104.

and alfo to do and perform all o'hcr Works, Matters, and Things which the faid Commiflioners fhall adjudge receflary and proper for the rendering of the (aid Harbour more fife and commodious, and for the Improvement of the Navigation thereof, and for executing the Purpofes of this Aft, they the faid Commiflioners, and the other Perfons hereby empowered to perform the laid Works and Things, making fuch Satisfac- MaVirg Satfa rion to the Owners and Occupiers of and Perfons intereft* d in any Lands, Tenements, Fifheries, or Hereditaments refp-ftiveiy, for any Damage that may happen or be occafioned to luch Lmds, Tenements,

Fifheries, or Hereditaments, by any of the Afts, Matters, or Things laft aforefaid, and in fuch Manner as is herein-afier direfted.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and Material* ^ for the faid Commiflioners, or their Agents, Officers, and Servants, and if whether Perfons authorized by them, to open Stone Quarries, and Sand,

Clay, and Gravel Pits, and to dig, take, gather, and catty awav from fuch Quarries and Pits any Stone, Sand, Gravel, Cl and other Materials in and out of any Wafte or Common Grounds lying within Six Miles of the faid Hu hour of Berwick, for carrying on, executing* and re pat ting the feveral Piers, Jetties, Quays, Wh'jrfi, D ck.-, a,id other Works authorized to be built by virtue of this Aft, without paying any Thing for luch Wafte and Common G ound opened and uled as aforefaid, the faid Commiflioners being obliged, at their own Expence and Charge, to fill up and level all fuch Holes and Pits as fhall be made in fuch Common or Wafte Grounds, by quarrying, digging, and carrving away Stone, Sand, Gravel, Cl y, and other Materials, as Lon as they Ihali have no further or immediate Ule lor the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to Power-to and for the faid Commiflioners to treat and agree with the Owners and!purchafe* Occupiers of and all Perfons inrerefttd in any Mdfuagps, Lands, Fifheries,

Tenemets, or Hereditaments, which the faid Commiflioners for the

Time being fhall think necefiary to be purchafed, either for the building, making, or improving of the faiil Pier, Jetties, Quays, Wharfs, Docks or other Wo ks, or the improving of the faid Harbour, or for the making or altering of any Road or Roads to or from the fame; and it fhall alio be lawful to and for all Perfons whom Lever, Bodies Politick or Corporate or Sole, Truftees or Feoffees in Truft, Guardians and Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, Executors or Adminitiators and Guardians, mot only in Behalf of themfclves, the'.r Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants orlffue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfons whomfoever who is, are, or fhall be feifed or pofleffird of or interefted in any Mtffuages|

Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments w Ihali be neceffary to be purchafed for the Purpofes of this Aft, to contraft for, fell, convey of furrender to the laid Commiflioners and their Succeffors, all or any fuch Meffuages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Pare thereof, or any Term for Years, or any Eftate or Intereft therein ; and that all fuch Cuntrafts Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Aflignments, Surrenders, and other Conveyances which fhall be fo made as aforefaid fhall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatLcver not only to convey the Eftate of the Pei Ion or Perfons lo conveying, but alfo all Right, Eftate, Intereft, Ule, Property, Claim, and Demand whatio.

[lor. & Per."]	22	Z	ever

2022

48'GEORGII III. Cap. 164.

ever of their feveral and refpeftive Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants of Iffue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Ferlons, and all claiming by, from, or under them; any Law, Statute, orUfage to the centraly thereof in anywife notwich Handing.

If Parties

the Vai ,e to ’ 1» e tied lay a Jury.

Verdict ef Ju y to be final.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if it fhall happen that any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or ocher Perfon or Per-ions wbomfoever, who is or are hereby enabled to convey for the Purpofes atorefaid, (hall rcfufe to treat with the faid Commiffioners or their Suc-ceflors, or in cafe the Did Commiffioners, or any Perlon or Perfons, Body or Bodies as aforefaid, fhall not come to any Agreement refpefting the f. rne, or in cafe the faid Commiffioners, or any Perfon or Perlons, Body or Bodies, with whom they may treat for the SjIc of any fuch Melfuages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fhall choofe to have the Value thereof afcertaincd by a Jury, or if by reafon of the Abfonce or diftant KefHence of fuch Perfon or Perfons or Bodies as aforefaid from the raid Borough or the Liberties thereof, he or they cannot conveniently be treated with for that Purpofe, then and in either of the faid Cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffi -ners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Requeft of the Party intereltcd in Writing, or wi hout fuch Requeft, to iffue a Warrant under their Hands to the Sheriff of the County or his Deputy, or the Coroner of the Borough, in which or in the Liber ies of which fuch Melfuages, Lands, Fiheries, Tenement', or Hereditaments fhall lie or be fituate, directing him to lum-inon a jury for the Purpofe of affeffing the Value of th" laid Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he the faid Sheiiff, or his Deputy or the faid Coroner refpeftively, fhall do in Manner herein* after particularly mentioned; and the faid Sheriff or his Deputy, or the faid Coroner respectively, upon the affembling and meeting of the laid Jury, is hereby authorized and required to charge the Did Jury well and truly upon their Oaths to affefs the Value of the fa d Meffuagrs, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the Damages and Kecom-pence to be given for the fame to the refpeftive Owner or Owners thereof and others inierefted therein, according to their relpeftive Intercfts therein (which Oath the faid Sheriff, D-puty or Coroner refpeftively ss hereby^ requ-red to admimftcr to fuch Jury); and the laid Jury being D> fworn and <harged «s aforefaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given concerning the Nature, Quality, or Value of the faid Meffuages, Land , Fifheries, f enements, or Heieditaments fo to be fold and conveyed as aforefaid, fhall by their V r id affefs the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame to the r.fpeftive Owner or Owners thereof, and orhers interefbd, according to their refpeftive Intercfts therein, and the faid She ff D pury, or Coroner refp ftively, fhall give his Judgement on the laid Verd ft in Writing under his Hand and Seal, which Verdift of the faid Jury, and the Judgement of the faid Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner fefptftivcly upon the fame, fhall be fin illy binding and conclufive to the faid Commiffioners, and to all Perfons and Parties interefted in the faid Mt.fTuagcs, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, and Hereditament ; and fuch Verdift and the Judgement of the laid Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner re-fpeftively upon the fame, fhall be fairly entered and kept among the Records of the General Scffions for the faid County or Borough refpec-tively, and the Dole or true Copies thereof fhall be taken to be grod and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatlo^ver, 8	and

2023

48°GEORGII III. Cap.10^.

and all Perfons rmy have Recourfe to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying Sixpence fer every One hundred Words, and fo in Proportion tor a greater or kfs Number of Words.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That upon Payment by the faid dp^Pa^mcnt ■Commilfioners of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as lhall be fo aflefled to Money, com. the Parties concerned, or Tender thereof made at his, her, or their n;iiTioners to Dwell.ng Houle within the laid Parifh of Berwick or Ch.ipdry of Tweed- LanW *c. mouth, and if they have no Dwelling Houfe therein, then at the Dwel' ng Houfe of the Tenant or Occupier of the MefTuages, Lands, F.fherbs,

Tenements, or H reditaments before mentioned, or on Piyment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England in Manner by this Aft direfted, as the Cale may be, for the Ufe of the Parties interefted therein, then and not before it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen in that Behalf to be appointed, to enter upon, take, ufe, apply, and appropriate the laid MefTuages, Lands,

Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parc thereof, for which Satisfaftion (hall be aflefled as aforefaid, for the Purpofe of .making and amending the faid Pier, or making or extending the (aid Quays, W harfs.

Docks, and ether Works, or of laying Soil, Rubbiih, Utenfils,, and Materials for the making or repairing the fame, or for other the Pui p >ies of this Aft, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof j and the faid Commiflioners, their Agents, and all Perlons whatloever employed or authorized by them as aforefaid, fhall be fully and efFeftually indem-nifi.d again A the Owners and Occupiers of and all Pcrions interefled in the faid Mtfiuages, Lands Fiiheiies, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof; and if after the faid Pier, Jetties, Quays, Wharfs, Lam’s, &c. Docks, Roads, or other Works, for which any fuch MtfTjages, Lands, workday Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments fhall have been purchafed fhall be fold, be finifhed, there fhall remain any Mdfuages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments that fhall not be ufed, or thereafter be wanted for the Purpoles of this Aft, the fame fhall be and are hereby vcfled.in the faid Commiflioners and their Succefibrs, and they are hereby fully empowered to Ul and convey the lame for the beft Price that can be had or gotten, and the Money arifing by fuch Sale fhall be applied to the Purpofes cf this Aft.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That all Sums of Money which are to Purchafe be paid to any Bodies Polirick, Corporate or Collegiate, Fcofiles in Monies, or Trull, Executors, Adminiflrators, Hufbands, Guard ans. Committees, con”Pd!!?to or other Trufltes, or Perlons afting as Guardians, Committees, or other c^p rre Truftees- for or on Behalf of any Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Coveit, 0' other ®olds'es^Mi" Ccftuique Trufts, or to any Pcrfon or Perfons whole Lands or F flares are be'laid out t°o limited in ftrift or other Settlement, for the Purchnfe or Exchange of, th,‘ fainc ufes» or the Damage to be done to any MefTuages, Lands, Fifheries, ] ene- *C’ ments, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers herein contained, fhall be paid and applied in Manner following; (that is to fay), in cafe the lame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two bundled Pounds it fhall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank pf England, in the js’ame and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Courc of Chancery, 10 be placed to his Account ex parte the faid Commiflioners, as the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, lhall by Writing figned by cft«m direft and appoint, to the Intent that fuch Money fhail bc° ap-> j	plied

5024

Application where the

Mot ey does net exce-ed 20'I. and above 201.

48“ GE O RG11 III. Cap. ro+.

plied under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Cour% to be figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fum-mary Way, by thePerfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the .Rents and Profits of the laid Meffoages, Lands, Fifheries Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the R-dempiion and Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Di(charge of any Dibt or Dtb s, or fuch other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhal! authorize to be paid affeding the laid Mcfiuages, Lands, Filherie^ Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hi reditaments, (landing lett ed therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents, or Purpoles; or where luch Money (hall 1 ot be lo applied, then the lame fhall be laid out and nvtfted under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court in the Purchafe of other Meffuagcs, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon Inch and ihe like Ufes, Trulls, Intents, and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner as ti e Miff ages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, and Hereditaments which fhall br io putchafed, taken, or uled as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fu h of them as at the Time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undeteimined and capable of taking EfFtd; and in the mean lime, and until fuch Purthale fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by O der of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefled by the laid Accom tint General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of I hite Poi nds per Cemum Conlolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced B nk A nuitics-, and in the mean Time, and until the la’d Bank Annuities fli»*l be ordtred by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpoies afore-faid, the Dividends and annual Produce ot the laiu Confolidated or Reduced B nk Annuities fhall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to th< PeTon or Perfons who would for the Time being have bten entitled to the Rtntsand Prufksof the faid Mcfiuages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, and Here' itarr.ents fo hereby directed to be purchafed in ca'e fuch PuichaL ai.d Settlement were made.

XXL P ovii'.ed always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe the Mt m v lo payable to any Corporation, or to any Pcrlon or Perfons under D libiiity o< incapacity as aforefa d, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hu.d.cd Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then a.<d in all fuch Cafes the fame fhall, at the Option of the Pcrfon or Periods ;or the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lefped whereof the fame fhal] be paid, cr of hi , her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,

'1ruder or 1 1 ultces, or ether Perlon or Perfons ading as fuch as aforefaid, to be lignified by Writing under their refpedive Hands, be paid into the B>.*k, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General ot iht H gh Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as afore-faicl, in o tier to be applied in Manner herein-before direded, or otherwife the I me II.ad be p.»iu at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Pc Ton or Per Ions making fuch Option, and approved of by Tnrct 01 nn re of the faid Commiffioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be ligmfitd by Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approve g Parties}, in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends ariiiug tr erton, may be applied in any Manner herein-before direded, fo far s <i.e kale may be applicable without obtaining or being requ.red to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXD, AncT

48° GEORGII JII. Cup.i04.	2025

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Money payable to fucli Corporation, or to any Perfon under Difabiiity or Incapacity as aforefaid, than ao|.

.Ihall not exceed Twenty Pound.?, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame /ball

be applied to the U(e of the Pcrfon or Pcrfons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in refpeft whereof the fame fhall be paid, in fuch Manner as the faid Comimflioners, or any Three or more of them, fhall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, Truftee or Truftees, or other Pcrfon or Per fons aftjng as fuch, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons fo entitled refpeftively ; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Pcrfon or Perfons to whom the faid Commifiioners (hill direft the fame to be paid (hail be fufficient Difcha'ges for the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons

to whom any Sum or Sum? of Money fhall be awarded for the Purchafe icsf or if of any Mcfluages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be ^rfonscAnnot purchaled bv virtue of this Aft, fhall refufe to accept the fame, or chsfeMoi.ey fhall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaction to be paid of the laid. Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them *, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Pcrfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo fub-eWtothe awarded a$ aforefaid cannot be found, or if tjie Perfon or Perfons entitled Jounof *he* to fuch Meftuages, Lands, Filheries, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be chance.y, on not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the laid Commifiioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid, to be paid into the Bank of .England, in the Name and with the Privjty of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ro the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Mefiliages, Lands, Fifheries,

Tenements, or Hereditaments [deferibing them3, lubjeft to the Order,

Cor.troul, and Difpoficion of the faid Court of Chancery ; which faid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and is hereby empowered in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the lame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpecUve Eltate or Eftaccs, Title or Intereft, of the Perfon or Perfims making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Courc Ihall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of tiie Bank of England, who (ball receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and arc hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch S um or .Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipecilying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as Ihall pay any. fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That where any where any Qy eft ion (hall arife, touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be Qyeition (hall

_ paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- Jh/VSie t*”* countant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Aft, for the Money to be Purchale of any Mefi'uages, Lands, Tenements, Filheries, or Hereditaments,	'he **tr-

or of ary Eftate, Kighc or Intereft, in any Meffuagts, Lands, Tenements, p?ffef.U Filheries, d: Hereditaments, to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any fon of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or tffxime V*

it-	fc? Per.']	23	A	Intereft

2026	4^°	GEORGII	III.	Cap.	104.

IhalUedeem- ^nrerc.ft °f anV Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have ed entitled	Been in Pofleflion bruach Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Fifheries, or

thereto ac-	Hereditaments, in refpeft whereof fuch Money fhall	have been To paid ac

fuch'poffef- Time of palling this Aft, and a!) Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon hon, unieis,	or Perfons, or under the Poficflioil of fuch Perfon	or Perfons, fhall be

&c’	deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled	to fuch Meffuages,

Lands, Tenements, Fifheries, or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pof-feflion, until the contrary fhall be (hewn to the Satisfaction of the laid Court of	Chancery •, and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be	purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of	fuch Bank

Annuities, fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it fhall be made appear to the Laid Court that fuch Poff flion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, Fifheries, or Hereditaments, or to fome Efface or Interefl therein.

The Court	%XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That	where by

reafbnabte	reafon of	any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons	or Corpo-

Expence*of radon, entitled to any Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Fifheries, be paSd^ihe or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Commiflion- Purchafe Money for the fame fhall be required to be paid into the laid crs*	Court,	and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements, Fifheries, or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the fa d Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from Time to Time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court mail deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Colts and'Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three or more of them, who fhall from Time to Time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court fhall direft.

XXVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall at any Time or Times fuflain any Damage in his, her, or their Meffuages, Lands, Fifheries, Tenements, or Hereditament by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Aft, or by any Aft, Negleft, or Default of the faid Commiflioners, or of the Workmen employed therein, in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall have full Power from Time to Time and at all Times to fettle and agree upon fuch Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the fame to the Perfon or Perfons injured or aggrieved as they fliall judge fit and reafonable, to be paid out of the Monies arifing or to be railed in purfuance or by virtue of this Aft; but if it flfall happen that the Pcrlon or Perfons fuffaining fuch Lofies or Damages fhall be diffatisfied with fuch Recompence and Satisfaction, in every luch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required and empowered from Time to Time, upon Application in Writing to be made or given to them by fuch Perfon or Perfons injured or aggrieved as aforel'aid, to iffue their Warrant or Warrants under their Flands to the Sheriff of the County or his Deputy, or the Coioner of the Borough in which or in the Liberties of which the Lands or Grounds fo damaged fhall lie or be fituated, requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return a fury of fuch Number and in fuch Manner as is hercin-aftcr mentioned, and give fuch like Notices to the refpeftive Parties as is alfo herein-after direfted, which Jury, upon their Oaths, to be adminiftered by the faid

Sheriff,

2027

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner refpedively (which .Oaths and alfo proper Oaths to fuch Per (on or Perfons as fhall be called upon to give Evidence as a Witnefs or Wirneffes before the faid Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner refpedively, the faid Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner refpedively, is hereby empowered to adminifler), fhall enquire how far the faid Commiffioners, or their Agents or Servants, have anywife occafioned fuch Damage, and if any fhall appear, fuch Jury fhall affefs the Value of luch Damage, and the faid Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner refpedively, fhall give Judgement thereon, and the faid Commiffioners fhall pay to the Party or^Pariies fo injured or aggrieved the Money fo affefied.; and the Verdid of the faid Jury and Judgement of the faid Sheriff, Deputy, or Coroner refpedively upon the fame, fhall be finally binding and conclufive to the faid Commiffioners and to all Perfons and Parties interfiled : Provided always, that ^Sausfo-no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall be entitled to Satisfaction for any made uniefs Damages, nor fhall the faid Commiffioners, or any of them, be obliged Compjain^be or authorized to take any Notice of any Application in relation thereto, six Months! unlefs the Complaint of fuch Damages fhall have been made in Writing to them or their Chairman or Clerk within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after luch Damages fhall have been occafioned.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling of To prevent this Ad, if any Perfon or Perfons, upon any Pretence whatsoever, fhall caitfnto^ht unload or call out of any Ship, Boar, or other VefTel, or from any Car- Harbour, riage whatfoever, or off or from any Quay, Yard, Place, or Ground, any Ballaft, Sand, Stones, Rubbifh, Wreck) Filth, Gravel, Coal Afhes, or any other grofs Subftance whatfoever into the faid Harbour, that then and in every fuch Cafe the Captain, Mailer, or Perfon or Perfons having the command or rule of any fuch Ship, Boat, or other VefTel, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVIII.	And, to the Intent that all Abufes, Impediments, Obflrudions, and Annoyances in and to the faid Harbour, or the Navigation thereof, oc-cafioned or to be occafioned by the unlawful making, building, enlarging, or extending any Jetties, Bats, Walls, or other Eredions, and all other Nui-i'ances in the laid Harbour, may be effedually removed, remedied, and prevented, be it further enaded. That, upon Complaint made to the faid Commiffioners at any of their Meetings of any fuch Impediments, Oh-ftrudions, or Annoyances, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and ency are hereby authorized, by Writing under their Elands, to fum-mon the Party or Parties fo complained of to appear before the faid Commiffioners at their next or any other Meeting, to make Anfwer to fuch Matters (which fhall be mentioned or recited in the Body of fuch Summons) as lhall be objected againfl them, and alfo, if Occafion require, to iilue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, direded to the Sheriff of the County or his Deputy, or the Coroner of the Borough in which or in the Liberties of which any fuch Abufe, Impediment, Ob-ffrudion, or Annoyance fhall happen, requiring him to impannel, fum-inon, and return a Jury in the Manner herein-after mentioned j and the laid Jury, having heard the Evidence of the Witneffes and what fhall be laid by the Parties offending or accufed, or any other Perfon or Perfons on their Behalf, or without hearing the Parties offending or accufed (in cafe he, (he, or they fhall net appear, without fufficient Excufe, being 13	duly

A Jury to be

fummoned to enquire,

2028	48®	GEORG 11 III. Cap. 104.

duly fummoned), fhall give in to the faid Sheriff or his Deputy, or Coroner refpefti ely, their Verdict or Inquifition on the laid Articles, Matters, and 1 h'ngs given them in charge; sr.d the laid Sheriff or his Deputy, or Coroner refpeftively, fhall give Judgement on the laid Verdift or Inquifition, and make his Order and Decree in Writing under his Hand and Seal of and concerning the fame, and may thereby order and decree that fuch Perfon or Perfons through whole Adi or Default it fhall be found by fuch Vtrdidl or Inquifition that any Abules, Impediments, Annoyances, or Obltruftions were made or occafioned or are con-T-esfor". tinutd, fhall within Two Calendar Months then next following remove ftructiona, &c. the faid Abufes, Impediments, Annoyance', or Obftruftions, and in default the e f to order and decree the faid Party or Parties offending to forfeit and pay fuch Sum of Money as the faid Commiffioners fhall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Month during which the Abufes, Impediments, Obftruftiom, or Annoyances fo found fhall not be remedied or removed; and the Adjudications, Decrees, Orders, and Determinations to be made by virtue of this Aft, or true Copies thereof, fhall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and fufficient Evidence in any Court whatfoever.

Mode cf (urn- XXIX, And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as the Sheriff jinyK the	of fuch County or his Deputy,	or the Coroner of fuch Borough as herein-

sherift, etc.	before mentioned, fhall be refpeftively required to fummon a Jury for

P fes of*the	the	°f this Aft, or	any of them, by Warrant from the faid

A-t	Commiffioners as aforefaid, he	the faid Sheriff or his Deputy, or Coroner

refpeftively, fhall, within Seven Days next after the Delivery of fuch Warrant to him, or at his Dwelling Houle, make our a Lift or Parinel of Forty-eight good and lawful Men of his County or Borough refpeftively, and give Notice in Writing to the faid Commiffioners, or their Trealurer or Clerk, and alfo to the other Parties interefted, or their known Agent or Solicitor, if he, Ihe, or they can be met with, within the faid Borough or Liberties or tie faid Chapelry of Tweedmoutk; and if he, ftie, or they cannot be fo met with, then to the Tenant: of thePremifes to be purchafed or fuppofed to be injured, or on which any unlawful Obftruftion (hall be ixi.de*, or if ro fuch Tenant, then on the Doors of the Church and Town Hall of Berwick aforefaid, and the. Church of Tweedmouth aforefaid, that he the faid Sheriff or his Deputy, or Coroner refpeftively, will attend at the Place, and on a Day and Time in fuch Notice to be mentioned (not lefs than Four Days horn fuch Notice) with the faid Lift; and the faid Commiffioners, or their Tteafurer or Clerk, and alfo the other Parties interefted, and their refpeftive Solicitors or Agents, fhall and may attend at the Time fo mentioned; and the faid Commiffioners, or their Trca-furer. Clerk, Solicitor or Agents, may then ftrike out Twelve of lire Names contained in the faid Lift or Pannel, and the other Party or Parties interefted, or his or their refpeftive Solicitors or Agents, may al.o fbike out other Twelve of the faid Names; and the faid Sheriff or his D.-puty, or Coroner refpeft vely, fhall, in the Prefence of all the faid Parties or their Solicitors or Agents who fhall then attend, name and appoint a Time and Place at which he will attend again for the Purpofcs of this Aft, which 1 ime fhall not be lefs than Three Days nor more than Ten Days from the above mentioned Day; and then the laid Sheriff or his Deputy, or Coroner refpeftively, fhall fummon or caufe to be lum-moned the Twenty-four Men whole Names fhall remain on his Lift, to

appear

2029

48 GEORGII III. Cap. 1O4.

appear at thi- Time ana P ’ce f" app ‘imed by him ; an I the faid Com-mifiioners, and other Parties or their Solicitors or Agents, {hall e.ich choofe Six Men out of die laid Twenty-four Men, and the Twelve Men fo choien (hall be a Jury for the Purpofem of this A&; and the Paid Sheriff wUneflc* or Deputy, 01 Coroner refpc&ively, fhaii alfo by Writing under his Hand eli nimjilc (ummon all luch Perfons as the laid Commiflioners, or other Parties or their Solicitors or Agents Hull in Writing requeft him to fummon, to be

prefent and give Evidence at the fame Time and Place ; and if any Jury- Ju,.ym^nor, r	Trr b o 11	1	<-	1	r>	,	n ii*. Wiincfs m.»k-

man or Witnets ihall not appear according to iuch Summons, he mail tor- ;ng i^efauic to feit ..nd pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings, to be levied, together with ail be fined. Expences, by D.lTefs and Sale of his Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the laid Sheriff or Deputy, or Coroner refpetftivcly, to be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXX. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any Jury fhall give and delivtr a Verdict or Affeffment for more Money as a Recompence or Satis- ind Wimci:eJ fadion for the Right and Intend of any Pcrfon or Perfons in any Lands to be paid, or Hereditaments, or for any Lofs or Damage to be by them fuftained, than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Com miff oners before the fummoning and returning ihe faid Jury, or if the faid Sheriff or his Deputy or Coroner, upon the Verdidof any Jury fummoned for the Purposes of enquiring concerning any AbuLs, Impediments, Obftrudions, or Annoyances in the faid Harbour, (hall not order the Perfons complained of to remove the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and returning the faid Jury and Witnefies, and all other Expences attending the fame, fhall be borne and paid by the faid Commif-fioners out of any Money arifing by virtue of this Ad; and if fuch Jury ihall give and deliver aVerdid or Alfeffment for no more or for lets Money than fhall have been agreed to or offered by the faid Commif-fioners before the fummoning and returning of the laid Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any fuch Right and Intereft, or Lofs or Damage as aforeLid, or if the faid Sheriff or Deputy or Coroner {hall, on the Verdid of any Jury, order that any Perfon or Pei Tons fhall remove any Abufcs, Oblfrudions, I impediments, or Annoyances complained of as aforefaid, then the Cofts a;>d Expences of fummoning and returning the laid Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expences atrending the fame,

{hall b borne a~d paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Commiflioners (hall hav*: fuch Conrroverfy or Difpure, which faid Cofts and Expences having been afcertcined and fettled by any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County or Borough refpedively (not interefted in the Matter in QuefLon), who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, afeer fummoning the Paities inrerefted therein to attend him for that Purpofe, fhall and may be deduced out of the Money fo afiefted and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the U'e of fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom any Money is to be paid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Purchafe Money fhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo aflcfted and adjudged ; or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, may be recovered by the Treasurer or Clerk of the faid Com-miflioners by fuch Ways and Means as herein provided for recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any [Z«. Per.')	33	3	'	Perfon

2030

480 GEORGII III. Da).to4.

Per Ton fhall by reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating* inch Cods and Expences (hall be borne and paid by ihe Commiffioners, out of the Money to be railed or received under or by virtue of this

Acl. ,

Commiffioners XXXI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to gu!atbns*for anc^ *ur £^e kid Commiffioners at any Time or Times hereafter to make, ibe Harbour, ordain, and rftablilh Orders, Rules, Bye Laws, and Regulations for the better ordering and regulating the laid Harbour and the Navigation thereof, and of all. VrfTels re for ting to the fame, and alio the loading and delivering of Goods, and the Births for thole Purpofes, and fuch Parts of the Quays, Wharfs, and Docks, as are by this Adi veiled under their Authority, and the laying of Goods thereon, and alfo from Time to Time, as Occafion (hall require, to repeal, add to, amend, and alter fuch Orders, Rules, Bye Laws, and Regulations, and to make, ordain, and eftablifh others in lieu of fuch as fhall be fo repealed, added to, amended or altered, and to fix and appoint reafonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds, for Non-obfervance, Non-performance, or other Breach of all or any of fuch Orders, Rules, Bye Laws, or Regulations, or any Part of them, to be recovered by fuch Ways and Means as herein directed; which Orders, Rules, Bye Laws, or Regulations fhall not be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Englandy or any Thing in this Adi contained.

jjf tia be* XXXII. And be it further enadled, That the Lid Commiffioners fhall printed. and they are hereby required to caufe the faid Ordeis, Rules, Bye Laws, and Regulations, or any Alteration thereof, to be from Time to Time printed and diftributed, and to caufe a printed Copy thereof to be hung up in fome confpicuous Place within the faid Borough of Bcrwick-upon-'Tweed, and to pay the Expences thereof out of the Money to be coliedted and received by virtue of this Adtj which Orders, Rules, Bye Laws, and Regulations, (hall be fubjcdl to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Old Duties to XXXIII. And be it further enadled, That, from and after the Fourth «afet*ndnew cpuejtfay next after the paging this Adi, ail Harbour Duties, Shore paid*. ° e Duties, and all Rates or Duties or Monies heretofore coliedted or payable from or by any Veffel, or for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or Ballaft imported into or exported from the faid Harbour (except the Duty of Four-pence payable to the Lords of the Manor of Tweedmouth and Spittle for each Vtiicl anchoring within the faid Manor), (hall ceafe and be no longer paid or payable; and that in lieu thereof the fcveral Rates or Duties on Goods and on B-llad imported into or exported from the faid Harbour, and alfo the feveral Rates or Duties of Tonnage refpedtively mentioned and fet forth in the Schedules A. and B. to this Adi annexed, dial I be demanded, colledlcd, and received by the faid Commiffioners, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint.

Ship*and XXXIV. And be it further enadled. That the Mailers and Owners of vcfllis.tc.be aM Ships and Veffiels trading to and from the faid Harbour, and liable to andiMhe	the Payment of the Rates and Duties of Tonnage by this Adi impofed,'

owner, &c. fh X permit and fuffer the faid Ships and Veflete to be meafured by the feit’jd.t0 f°r" Commiffioners, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons-a$ they fhall from Time

to

48° QEORGII III. Cap. 104.	203*

to Time, appoint for that Purpofe, and (hall pay the laid Rates and Duties of Tonnage according to fuch Meafurement; and that every Owner and Matter aforefaid, who fhall refufe to have his Ship and Vefl'd meafured as aforeDid, fhall for every fuch Offence refpe&ivdy forfeit and pay to the raid Ccmmiflioners the Sum of Five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, over and above the Paid Rates and Duties.

XXXV.	And, that the Paid Duties and Rates impr-fcd by this Ad may How Ton nag* be more cffc&ually colledted, be it further enabled, That in cafe any ^JoVse”aybc Owner or Matter or other Perfon, having the Command or Rule of any irom Perions Ship or Vctfel charged or chargeable with the Rates or Duties of Tonnage

granted by this Ad, (hall refule to pay the fame, then and in fuch Cafe 1 it fhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Ccmmiflioners, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint to be their Collector or Collectors as aforefaid, or any or cither of them, from Time to Time to go on board fuch Ship or Vcffcl to demand, colled, and receive the lame, and on Non-payment thereof, to take and diltrain every fuch Ship or Vefiel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, or any Parc thereof, cither on board or on fhore, and the fame to detain until he or they be fatisfied and paid the faid Rates and Duties; and in cafe of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the Did Rates and Duties, that then it lhall and maybe lawful for the faid Commiflioners and their Surceflbrs, and fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint as aforefaid, their Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, to caufe the fame to be appraifed by Two or more Sworn Appraifers, or other lufficient Perfons, and afterwards to Dll the faid Diftrefs and Difbeflec, and therewith to facisfy him or themfelves, as well for and concerning the la d Rates and Duties of Tonnage fo negieCted or delayed to be paid, and for which fuch Diftrefs and Difhcfles fhall be raken as aforefaid, as alio for his or their realonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraifing, and felling fuch Diftrefs, rer.dc ing to the Maftcr or other Perfon having the Rule or Command of the faid Ship or Veil'd, in, to, or from which fuch Diftrefs fhall be fo taken or belong, the Overplus (if any there fhall be); and that if any Owner, Confignor or Confignee How Dn.ies refpeCiivelv, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, chargeable with °£^ov' may any of the Duties mentioned in the Schedule A. to this Ad annexed, ^ v re fhall negled or refule to pay the laid Duties before fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes fhall be (hipped or removed from the Place where the fame fhall be landed (as die Cjfe may be), then it fhall and may be lawful for the faid CommiiTioners, or tin it Collector or Collegers, to detain the fa’d Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, till the fa d Duties, together with the reafonable Charges of keeping the faid Goods, lhall be paid and fatisSed; and in cafe fuch Good?, Wares, or Merchandizes lhall happen to be removed before the Duties payable for the fame lhall be fully paid, then it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or their Did Collector or Collectors, to take and diftrain any Goods or Chattels of the Owner,

Confignor or Confignee rTpeCtiveJy, and to deta n and fell the lame in Manner before menrioned, or the faid Comm flioners (hail and may pro* fecute any ACtion or Actions at Law for the faid Duties.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled. That if any Mafh r, Commander, Perfons elmt. pr Owner of any Ship or Veflel fhall at any Time after the Hares and jjgTo'menc Duties of Tonnage by this ACt charged lhall become payable, elude or Dutie-; to con* avoid the Payment thereof by any Method whnfoever, fuch Matter, linue charge-

Commander, abe*

2032

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 164.

Commander, or Owner of fuch Ship or Vettel fhall ftund charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame ; and the fame fhall be recovered trom fuch Matter or Owner by the fame Method by which Fines and Penalties impoled by this Aft are herein directed to be levied and recovered, or by any Action or Actions a; Law*

be'cTeaTcd till XXXVII. And, to the Intent the faid Rates and Duties of Tonnage the Tonnage may be duly anfwcied ar.d paid, be it further cnafted. That na Collector, Uutie# be paid. Cuftomer, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, Ship’s Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter or other Officer of the Cuftoms belonging to the Port of Berwick aforefaid, fhall, at any Time after the patting of this Aft, give or make out any Cocker or other Difcharge, or take any Report outwards for any Ship or Vefiel, or permit any Ship or Veficl to go out of the faid Harbour, until the Matter or Owner or other Pcrfon or Pcrfons having the Rule or Command thereof fhall produce a Certificate from the Colkftor or Colleftors, to be appointed in purfuance of this Aft, that the Rates and Duties of Tonnage by this Aft granted hive been paid or fecured to be paid, which faid Certificate the faid Colkftor or Colleftors is and are ^und/pe- hereby required to give without Fee or Reward ; and that any Collector, naky on Col* Cuftcmer, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries, or Ship's Surveyor or raakin’ De	Searcher, Waiter or	other Officer of the Cuftoms, making Default in

£30,ins	e*	any of the Premifes	enjoined by this Aft, fhall forfeit and pay the. Sum

of Twenty Pounds,	to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Rill, Plaint, or

Information in any	of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejimnjters

wherein no Efloign,	Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One

Imparlance fhall be allowed, One Moieiy of fuch Forfeiture to be to the Ufe of the Perfon or Pcrfons who fhall profccute, lue for, and recover the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the faid Commiffbners, or to fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as they fhall direft, to King’sVeflel* be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft: Provided always, that nothing exempted jn this Aft contained fhall extend, or be conttrued to extend, to charge Duly. onnage any oi the Ships or Veffels belonging to His prefenr Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or employed < i the Service of His faid Majefiy, His Heirs or Succeffors, or of the Cuttoms or Excife, with any of the Duties of Tonnage granted by this Aft; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithttanding.

Power to re- XXXVIU. And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the again raife Lid Commiflioners, or any Six or more of them, with the Confent of the Tonnage the Pcrfons entitled to One-half Part of the Money which for the Time Dunes. being fhall be due and owing upon the Credit of the faid Duties by this Aft granted, to reduce and leffen the faid Duties of Ton-~ nage for fuch Time and Times as they fhall think proper, and at any Time or Times afterwards to advance and raife the laid Duties of Ton-nage again to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sums mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule B. to this Aft annexed ; and any fych Colkftor as aforefaid (hall have the like Power of levying and recovering the faid Duties of Tonnage fo reduced and Icflened, or advanced again, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as is hercin-before given for levying and recovering the faid Duties of Tonnage herein-before granted, but no Alteration lhall at any Time be made in the faid Duties of Tonnage, unlefs Twenty-one Days Notice thereof fhall be given in One Newfpaper circulated in Jterwickj or the Neighbourhood-

3

XXXIX, And

48° GE0RGI1 I'll. Cap. 104.

2033

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, Time out of the firft Money which Dkeinghuw (hill be collcfted by virtue of this Aft, or-out of fuch Money :' (h II he’all'oe ap^. b( rr wed on the Credit of the Rates 01 Duties by this Aft impolVd, all the pliad. Expences and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and pifliog this Aft, (hall, in the firft: Place, be fathfied and difch.irged;1 and that afterwards 2II the Money atiftng by the faicl feveral Rates t r Duties, and which (hall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, (hall be applied in defraying the Expences of erefting the ("aid Pier and f ippor ing and maintain ng the fame, and maintaining and keeping in repair, alterin'!1; or r, buildoig the prefent Quays and Wharfs, and in erefting, making, and repairing all fuch other Quays and Wharfs, and alfo fuch Docks and othir Works as the faid Commiflioners fhail think it nrceffary or expedient to erect or make for tendering the faid Harbour more Cafe and commodious, and for the better Accommodation of the Trade thereof, and in paying the Intereft of the Mcney to be borrowed, and alfo the faid Money to be fo borrowed, or any Pait thereof, if the faid Commiflioners (hail find it convenient, and (or the feveral other Puvpofes of this Aft.

XL. And forafmuch as the Money to be raifed by virtue of this Aft Commiflton-will not be fufficient for the Cpeedy effecting the Works aforefaid, and it ro’„"Mon°y,* will be neceflary for the fa d Commiflioners to borrow and take up at Intereft Money for the more effeflual and fpeedy carrying on, completing, and Enifhing the fame; be it therefore further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners, or any Five or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, by Wiiting under their refpeftive Hands and Seals, to grant, afiign, make over and charge the Duties hereby granted or made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Cods and Charges of making and aligning of which to be paid out of the Duties aforefaid), as a Security for the Sum or Sums of Money to be by them borrowed for the Ufes and Purpol'es herein mentioned, t: fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his or their Truftee or Truftees, who (hall advance and lend the fame, to fecure the Repayment thereof, with Intereft for the fame, not exceeding the Intereft allowed to be taken on Money borrowed.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That the Form of every Affignment of the Duties arifing by virtue of this Aft, as a Security fur any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the faid Dunes, may be in the Words following, or in any other Words to that Purpofe;

(svidelicet),

« TJY virtue of an Aft pafied in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign Fm-mcf AC.

■ of His Majelty King George the Third, intituled, \bere injert the

*	Title cf this /ft?], we, C. D. E. F. and G., Five of the Commiflioners

<	appointed by and in purluance of the laid Aft, do, in Confideration of

‘ the Sum of	advanced and

‘ lent by A. B. upon the Credit and fur the Purpol'es of the laid Aft;

« hereby gram, bargain, fell, aria demife unto the laid A. B. his t x cu-

•	tors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, fuch Proportions of the Duties arifing

<	by virtue of the funic Aft, as the faid Sum of	doth

« or (ball bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof ‘ 10 have, hold, and enjoy the lame from henccfor h as a Security ( r and « until the faid Sum of	with	Intereft	Tier tne Kateuf

‘	per	Centum	per	Annum fhail be repaid.’

{tec. $s? Per.']

23 c

And

4634

No Preference in Secuiitiea.

Form of Tranafcr.

Comroiflirij. «rs njay let the Duties.

4SsGEORGII III. ■•.Cup. 104.

And ail and every Perfon or Perfons to whom any luch Alignment or Alfignnfen s dull be made by the faid-Commiffioners, or any Five or mor or them, lhall be equally entitled to his or their Proportion of the laid Duties according to their rfefpedive Sums in luch Alignments mentioned, ro be advanced to iecure the Repayment thereof, wich fuch Intereft as therein fpecified, wirhout any Preference by reafon of Priority of Alignment, or on any other Account wharfoever; and Entries and Memorandums of every fuch Alignment, containing the Dates, Names of the Pui s, nd Sums borrow-d, Ifyail be made in a Book or Books to be k pt ii r ha Pur pole by the Clerk or T^eafurer, and (hall and may be imp & vj at all realonable Times by all Perfons whomfotver without Fee orRewrd; and all and every Pcrlbn or Perfons, to whom any fuch Alignment or Alignments lhall be made as aferefaid, or who lhail be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, may from Time to Time transfer and flign over his, her, or their Righr, Title, and Intereft to the Principal am Intereft Money thereby fecured, to any Perlon or Perfons whom-foever, by Indork ments on the Back of fuch Security, or other Writing to be annexed thereto, or other wile ftgned before One or more ere ioie W itnefs or Witnefies, in the Words following or to the like Effect:

‘ T D ) transfer this £prf the annexed] Alignment, with all my Right 4 and Title to the Principal Money hereby [or, thereby]] lecuied, ^.id * all the In e-rft now due thereon, to C.T). his Executors, Adminiftra-4 tors, and Aligns. Dared this	Day of

4	Witnefs, £. F.	j.	B*

Which faid Transfer or Alignment lhall be produced and notified to the Cle k or Trcafurer tor the Time being, who lhall regifter or enter the fame in the Bock or Books to be kept for entering the fame original Alignment, for doing whereof he lhall be paid Five Shillings by the Pi fon requefting the fame, and after fuch Entry thereof made, and not till then, every fuch Transfer lhall entitle the Afiignee or Aflignees, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and fuch Afiignee or Aflignees may in like Manner again transfer and align the fame, and fo toties quoliesy fuch Transfer being entered and paid for as aforefaid, and in lhall not be in the Power of fuch Perfon or Perfons who lhall have made fuch Alignment or Transfer to make void, releale, or difeharge the fame or any Money due thereon.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners prefent at any Meeting of the laid Commiffioners, after Ten Days publick Notice lhall have been given on the Doors of the Church or Town Hall within the faid Borough, and alfo in One of the publick Newfpapers circulated in the faid Borough or Neighbourhood, from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands or Hands and Seals, to demife, leafe, and to farm let, or agree to demife, leafe, and to farm let, the feveral Rates and Duties by this Ad granted, or any Part thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons who lhall be willing to take to furm the fame from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, for the beft Price fuch Commiffioners can get, payable to the faid Commiffioners, or to luch Perfon or Perfons as they lhall appoint, at fuch Times and under luch Covenants, as the laid Commiffioners Ih;. k think fir, which Money fo to be paid lhall be applied or dilpofed of as 8	the

2035

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

the Rates or Duties granted by this Aft are direfted to be applied and difpofed of, and to no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever •, and fuch L-afe or Leafes and Agreements to be made as aforelaid, or Memorials thereof, lhall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the laid CommiflLncrs or their Cieik or Clerks for that Purpofe.

XLIII. And whereas it has heretofore been the Praftice for the Mayor Former Li-and Juftices of the Peace for the faid Borough of Berwick up on-Tweed to grant Tickets or Licences to Perfons ufing the Profdlion of a Pilot within void, the faid Harbour, and it has been found by Experience that by reafon of the limited and uncertain Controul of the faid Mayor and Juftices over fuch Perfons the faid Praftice is attended with much Inconvenience, and that it will be expedient and attended with much Advantage to all concerned in the Shipping and Navigation of the faid Harbour if the faid Praftice were difcontinued, and all Tickets and Licences heretofore granted were annulled and rendered void, and if Powers were granted to the faid Commiflioners for putting this Aft in Execution to grant frelb Licences to fuch Perfons as they may think duly qualified, and to make Regulations and Orders for the Government cf all Pilots in the faid Harbour; be it therefore enafted, That, at the End ol Three Calendar Months from and after the palling of this Aft, all Pickets or Licences heretofore given or granted to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, appointing him or them or authorizing him or them to aft as a Pilot or Pilots in the laid Harbour, lhall be and be deemed to be void and of no Eff-ft, and the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame were fo given or gr rnted lhall not continue after the above mentioned Time to aft as a Pilot or Pilots in the faid Harbour without fuch Licence as is herein-after mentioned.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffion-Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine and enquire into the Skill and Ability of any Perlon who lhall tender or cencfsto offer hirnfelf to be admitted as a Pilot for the faid Harbour of Berwick, Pilots* as well by Examination of WicndTes upon Oath (which the faid Commif-fioners, or any Two of them, are hereby empoweied to adminifter) as by fuch other Ways and Means as to them lhall feem proper i and if upon fuch Examination and Enquiry the Perfon fo offering hirnfelf as a Pilot lhall be approved of by the faid Commiflioners, they the faid Commif-fioners may, at any Meeting within Three Calendar Months after the palling of this Aft, and annually thereafter at the Annual General Meeting herein-before direfted to be held, or at the faid Firlt Adjournment thereof, grant a Licence or Warranc, certifying that fuch Perfon is duly qualified to aft as a pilot to conduft Veflels into and out of the faid Harbour of Be)wick, which Licence or Wafrant lhall be fubferibed with the Handwriting of Three or more of the faid Commiflioners; and from thenceforth fuch Perfon lhall be deemed qualified to exercilc the Occupation of Pilot within the Harbour of Berwick aforefaicl.

XLV. And be it further enafted^ That every Perfon who fhall upon Pilots to pay his Firlt Admillion as a Pilot after the palling of this Aft receive fuch for tlieir fillt Licence or Warrant,- lhall, for his Firft Licence or Warrant, pay to the a.S^rwards Clerk of the faid Commiflioners the Sum of Five Shillings, and tor every 2S* 6(!- and fubfequent Licence or Warrant the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, to behffo'ce and lhall be fubjeft to the feveral Claufes, Regulations, and Provifions in for0neYc.i--,

this an£*tJ be

•2036	48°	GEOSGII ill. Cap.10^.

fabjrcc oOr-- this Ad: contained, and to -fuciv'Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, as (hall made in purfuance hereof; and every fu'ch Licence or Warrant (hall continue in force until the next following General Annual Meeting, or the Firft Adjournment thereof, and no longer.

pjrfons acting XLVI. And be it further e aded, That if any Perfcn (hall from and cencps'to^fi/ a^ter Lxpiratkm Th ee Calendar Months from the palling of this f. i ,o I. or Ad, take upon himielf to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vcficl into or out sfx'c^leBCa'^ °* ^ Harbour of Berwick before he (hall be fir!i examined, approved, Momlis.BOar and admitted as a Pilot by the fuel Commifiioners, and (hall have received fuel Licence or Warrant as aforefaid for that Purpofe, or (hall, after the Expiration of fuch Licence or Warrant, continue to as a Pilot without Renewal of the fame, every Perfon (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum cf Twenty Pounds, or be imprifoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juft ices before whom fuch Perfon (hall be theieof convi&ed.

Pilot' mifbe- XLVIl. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any fuch Pilot who (hall Lktnc«°haVC rective a Licence or Warrant as aferefaid (hall refufc to take the Charge jellied. or Ccndud of any of Elis Majefty’s Ships, or any Ship or Vcficl in the Merchant Service, upon a proper Signal being made, or a Gun or Guns fired by any Ship or Vefiei inward bound, or upon the Application of the Mafter, Commander, Owner, Agent, or Confignee of any Ship or Vcficl outward bound, or of any One Commifiioner, or (hall refute on luch Signal or fuch Application to lead the Way of any Vefiei which cannot be boarded without imminent Danger, or (hall refufe to aftjft any Veilel in Diftrefs ; or in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commifiioneis that fuch Pilot hath mifbehaved himfclf in the Condud of any Ship or Vcficl, or in the Execution of any Part cf his Duty as a Pilot; or if any fuch Pilot (hall refufc to obey any Summons of fuch Commifiioners requiring his Appearance before the faid Commifiioners, or (hall refufe to obey fuel) Order as the faid Commifiioners (hall make, or (hall in any wife offend againft this A61, then the faid Commifiioners, upon Examination and Pi oof thereof, are hereby required 10 recal the Licence granted to fuch P..01, and to declare the fame to be thenceforth utterly void ; and if any ftch Perfon fo offending (hall, after fuch Declaiation and Notice thereof given to him in Perfon or left at his ufual Place of Abode, aft as a Pilot in the conducing any Ship or Vefiei into or out of the fa d Harbour of Berwick, he (hall be fubjed to all the Penalties and Punifhments inflated by this ASt on Perfons ading as Pilots without Licence or Warrant.

Rates of	XLVIII.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expira-

Piiotage, don of Three Calendar Months from the palling of this Ad, all Pilots iicenfed by the faid Commifiioners (hall be entitled to the Rates of Pilotage (for a Boat and Four Men betides the Pilot) hercin-afcer mentioned, until the fame (hall be altered by the faid Commifiioners; (t at is to fay).

For every Foot of the Draught of Water of any Ship or V (Tel, from the Firft Day of April to the Firft Day of October, One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Foot of the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vcficl, from the Firft Day of October in One Year to the Firft .Day of April in the next enfuing Year, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For

48° GEORGII III.' Cap. 104.

For every Foot of the Draught of Water of any Foreign Ship or Veffel, from the Firft Day of April to the Fit ft Day of Qftobtr, One Shilling and Eight-pence:

For every Foot of the Draught of Water of any Foreign Ship or Vtftfel, from the Firft Day of Otlober in One Year to the Fifth Day of April in the next eniuing Year, Two Shillings :

And for each Tides-work within the faid Harbour, Seven Shillings and Sixpence.

XLIX. And be it further enabled. That the faid Commiftioners fhall have udl Power and Authority at their Difcretion to vary and alter, fix and determine all the faid Rates of Pilotage, and alfo the Compenfation to be made for extraordinary Attendances or Labour ar any Ship or Veftel: Provided always, that any Increafe of the laid Rates do not exceed One-half of the Rates bcfoie mentioned.

L. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Mafter or Commander of any Ship or Veffcl inward bound fhall refufe to take on board and employ any Pilot fo to be licenfed as aforelaid who fhall offer his Service, fuch Mafter or Commander fhall pay or caufe to be paid to the Pilot who firft or who only fhall offer his Service as aforef.id, and fhall be fo refufec], the full Pilotage, according to the different Rates and Prices fo to be fettled by the faid Commiftioners, to be paid as if the faid Pilot bad been received and employed in conducing or piloting fuch Ship or Veffcl ir.to the faid Harbour of Berwick.

LI. Provided always, and be it further erased, That in cafe any Ship or VeiTd fhall be mec with in Diftrefs by any Pilot or Pilots fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, and fhall ftand in Need of any extraordinary Aftiff-ance of the Crew or Boar, that then j:he Compenfation to be made to the faid Pilot and Crew fhall be fettled a,#d determined upon, according to the Circumftances of the Cafe, by the faid Commiftioners at their next Meeting i and that if any Agreement or Agreements for fuch extraordinary Affiftance fhall at any Time be made by the Mafter or Commander of fuch Veffel, and the Pilot or Pilots, fuch Agreement or Agreements fhall be null and void.

LJI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiftioners, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and eftablifh Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, for the beiter Government and Regulation of the faid Pilots fo to be appointed or licenfed as afi-refaid, and alfo from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, to repeal, add to, amend and alter fuch Rules, Ordeis, and Bye Laws, as to them (hall feem meet and convenient, and to nuke, ordain, and tftublifh other Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, in lieu of fuch as fhall be repealed, added to, amended or altered, and to fix and appoint reafonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds, f r Non-obrervance, Non-perfoim-ance, or other Breach of all or any of fuch Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any Part of them, to be recovered by fuch Ways and Means as are herein directed, which Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, fhall not be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any Thing in this Adi contained; and it fhall be lawful for the laid Commiftioners to lufpend or deprive of the Ufc of his Licence any Pilot [Lk,	Per.]	23	D	for

2037

Commit oners to fix Kates of Pi-lo'age and Compenlation for extra A<-

Mafters of VefiVIs inward bound refuting t,> t*k* Pdots *ho offer, ro pay full Pilotage.

Rewards for Pilot* aflift ng Ship. in Diftrefs t o be fettled by

Commilficn-ers may nt.-.kf Refutations lor Pilots j

20^8

48° GEORG 11 lli &/.T04.

.for breaking fuch Rubs, Order?, or Bye Laws, or omitting, any Thing required by the fame, or fur ading in anywife coutiary cp ,!u<n Rules* Order', or Bye Laws-, and if any Pilot fo lufpcndtd or deprived of the Ulc of hU Licence, during'rhe Time of his Sufpediun or Deprivation, fhall rake upon himfelf to piloc any Ship or Vtfle! into or out or the laid Harbour, fuch Pilot (hall be liable to all fuch Pains and Penalties a* are provided by this Adi againft fuch Perfon as (hall pilot and conduct Ships and Vcfiels inro or out of the faid Harbour, without being tirft iicenfed by the faid Commifiioners.

be printed LIII And be it further enabled. That the faid Commiffioners (hall caufe the Lid Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, and alfo a Lift of the Pilots fo to be Iicenfed as afordaid, to be from Time to Time printed and dilh ibiued, ai d liktwife to be hung up at fuch confpicuous PI <ccs as they fhnl think fr, and to pay the Experces thereof out of the Money to be colluded and raifed by virtue of ihs Ad; which Bye Laws fhall be fubject to Appeal in Manner herein-afeer mentioned.

PenaH: • to be L1V. And be it further enabled. That all Fines, Penalties, and For-fore aTjuitice*. & tures by th's Ad inqoftd or inflidrd ( he Manner of levying and recovering whereof s not hereby otherwile pa;ricula ly d reded), fhall, upon Proof of the Offences rtfpedively befoie One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for Ber wick arorefaid, either by Confeflion of the Par y or Partirs or by Oath of One c edible Witnels (which O .th the faid Juftice or Juftices i. or are h reby empowered and required to admi-nifter), be recovered and levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Ch-tbls of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant nr Warrants unuer the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Jc.fticc or Juftices (*hich Wan ant or Warrants any fuch Juftice or Juftices is or are he.cby em-poweied and required to grant), and the Overplus (after the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of lucn Prolccution f r the fame fhall be paid and deduded) fhall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels-, and in cafe fufficienc Diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice or Juftices, and he or they is or are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Har d and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of Berwick afere-faid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for fuch Time as fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall dired, not exceeding Three Calendar Months funlefs where fome other Time is appointed by this Ad), uriJefs fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfei'ures, and all reafonable Charges attending the fame, fhaj be fooner p. id and fitisfied; and in cafe fuch Offender, or his Goods or Chattels, cannot be found within the Liberties of the faid Borough, then the Warrant or'Warrants for apprehending or committing him or them, or for levying fuch Penalties or Forfeitures, fhall be indorfed by fome Juftice of any County, C ty, Town, or Place, on Proof of the Hand-wiiting of the Juftice or Juftices who fhall have gi anted the fame.

LV. And, for the moreeafy Convidion < f Offenders againft this Acl, be it furthei enaded, That all and every Juftice and Juftices of the Peace, before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convided of any Offence

againft:

4.8°GEORGII III. Cap. 104.	2039

againft this Aft, (hall and may caufe the Conviftion lo be -'rawn up in the following Form ot Words, or in any other Form of Words, as the Cafe (hall happen:

*	Borough of Berwick- \ TjE it remembered, Thar on the	of	Cl>n*

«	*	-D	Day	of	in	the	Tear

4	is	convi&ed	before	of	His Majtfty *s Juftices

*	of the Peace for the fa id Borough by virtue of an Act <>f Pad lament f made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of Kin^Gtor^e uhc Third,

4 [here fet forth the Title of this A:?, Specifying tie Off'.nee, and thj Tme

*	and Place when and where the Jame was commit ted, as the Caf jhall be].

‘ Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and Seal] the Day c and Year fiift aforeiaid.*

LVI. Provided alwavs, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be law- ?™'erp° ful for the Juftce or Jullices of the Pea c by whom any Judgement, JJ^ to One-" Sentence, or Deiermi- a ion (hall be given, pronounced, or made, from fourth. Time to Time where he or they (hall Ite Caufe, to mitigate, compound, or lclfen any of the Penalties or Forfeitures as aforefaid, as he or they in h:s or their Difcretion Thai I think fit, fo as fuch Mitigation 01 Compofirion do not extend to remit above Three-fourth P*rrs of the Penally -nfleted or direded to be I vied by this Ad; and that every fuch Mitigation or Compofition (hall be a lufficient Dilcharge for the Pcrfons offending re-fptdively for fo much of the faid Fcnaliies and Forfeitures as (hail be fo mitigated, kifened, or remitted.

LVII. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Forrei ure8 this Ad recoverable, when recovered (hall (when not otherwife (iireded hp"‘“be by this Ad) be pa d and applied as follows j (that is to fay), O .e Moiety *1>p c * thereof to the Informer, a id the other Moiety thereof into the Hands cf the Treafurer, to be laid ouc and applied to and for the Purpufcs of this Ad.	W

LVIIT. And be it further enaded. That all P rfons who (hall think Perfonsag-themfelves aggrieved by the Order and Judgement of any Juftice Gr 8rieved may Juftices of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence or Offences com- cSSer<Sefl° mitted or Uppofed to be committed againfi: this Ad, or by any Rule 1,uns*

O der, or Bye Law for the Government and Regulation of Pilots, to be made by virtue of this Ad, may appeal to the juftices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Caufe of Appeal (hail have arifen, at any General or Quart?r Stflions of the Peace to be held within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after fuch Caufe of Appeal (hall happen, the Pcifon or PtMon* fo appealing firft giving Security to the Satisfadon of the faid Juftice or Juftices to profecute fuch Appeal with Effed, and to pay the Cofts which (hall be afeertained by the laid General or Quarter Stflions, in calc fuch Orders or Judgements (hall be affirmed ; and the Juftices at fuch General or Quaiter Stflions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine fuch Appeal, and to make fuch Order therein, and to awaid fuch Cofts as to them (hall appe-r juft, which Order (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties and (hail not be removed or removable by any Writ of Certio-ari or otherwife, into s.ny of His M-j<fty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminfier or elfcwhere; and that no Order or Proceeding to be had or made by or before any Juftice or Juftices,

relating

•204©	4^° GEORGIT III. Cap.ia4.

relating to the Execution of this Aft, fhall be qualhed or vacated for Want of Form only.

D'?™?	LIX.	And be it further enaded, That where any Diftrefs (hall be made

WantofFoTm. f°r anY Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Ad, the Diftrefs itfclf (hall nr-t be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffcr or Trefpaffers on Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall thd Party or Parties be deemed aTrefpaffer or Trefpaffers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties diftraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by futh Irregularity may recover full Satisfadion for the Special Damage in any Tender of	Ad'on on the Cafe : Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaint ffs ftiall

Amend*.	recover in any Adion for any Irregularity, Trefpafs, or other Piocecd-

ings, if Tinder of fufficient Amends (hall be made by or on the Beha.f of the Party or Parties who (hall have committed, or cauled to be committed, every or any fuch Iircgularity, Trefpafs, or wrongful Proceeding, before fuch Adion brought; and in cafe no fuch Tender (hall have beer, made, it (hall and mav be lawful fur the Defendant or Defendants in any A ft ion, by L ave of the Court where fuch Adion (hall depend, to pay into Court fuch Sum of Monry ; s he or they (hall fee fir, whereupon fuch Proceeding or Order and Judgement fhall be had, made or given in and by futh Court, as in ocher Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of LX. And be it further enaded. That no Adion or Suit (hall be-com-Atfroas. mcnced againft any Commiffioner or Comm.flioners, or any other Perfon or Peifons ading under them, for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, until after the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after Not qe thereof (hall be given in Writing to the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners, or after fufficient Satisfidion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Paity or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which fuch Adion or Adicns, Suit or Suits, (hall be brotighr, and every fuch Suit (hall be broughr, laid, and tried in the Borough of Berwick-ipon-Tweed, and not elfewhere, and the fame or any Judgement thereon (hall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, Writ of Error, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty'a Courts of Record at Weftmnfier, or any other Court or Courts whatfoever; and that the Defendant or Defendants, and every of them in General ilTue. every fuch Adion and Suit, (hall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which fuch Adion or Suit fhall be fo brought was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the faid Matter or Thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if :t (hall appear that fuch Adion or Suit (haft have been broqght before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after Notice thereof given as aforefaid, or that fufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforefaid, or if fuch Adion or Suit was not commenced within the Time before limited for that Purpofe, or fhall be laid or brought to be tried in.any County or PJace other than as aforefaid, then the Jury fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verditt or Verdids (ball be found for fuch Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Adion or Suit fhall become nonfuited, or fuffera Difcominuance 4	of

5041

48° GEORGII IIL Cap. 104.

of fuch Aflion or Suit, or if upon any Demurrer in any fuch A&ion or Suit Judgement fball be given for the Defendant or Defendants, then and in either of the Cafes aforefaid fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofts, and fhal) have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Treble Cofta. Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Cofts in any other Cafes by Law.

LXJ. And be it further enafted, That for the Purpofcs of this A& the ^0su^the faid Harbour fhall be deemed to extend and fhall extend from the Bridge over the River Tweed down the faid River, and both Shores thereof, to the Sea, and alfo from the Eaft End of the Pier Two Miles in every Direction along the Coaft and into the Sea.

LX1I. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commifliooers fhall at Commifllon-the Head Guild to be holden by the Mayor, Bailiff's, and Burgefies of the ^jj/before Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforefaid next after Midfummer One Mayor, <*c, thoufand eight hundred and nine, or at the Firft Adjournment thereof, of Berwick, produce and fhew forth to fuch Guild a Statement of the Accounts relating to the faid Truft, from the Commencement thereof, and fo annually thereafter at the faid Head Guild next after Midfummer, or at the Firft Adjournment thereof, a like Statement of the Accounts for the preceding Year.

LX1II. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed and pubi;ck Act. taken to be a Publick A£t, andihall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch all by judges, Jo ft ices, and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

23 E

[Lee. tl Per.']

SCHEDULE

2042

48* GEORG 11 III. Cap. 104.

SCHEDULE (A).

—	per	Bulhel

—	per	Cwt.

—	per	Ton

—	per	Ditto

—	per Cwr.

—	per	Ditto

—	per	Corboy

—	per	Cwt.

per 20 ftnail Barrels

—	per	Cwt.

per Cheft of 4 Bulhels

—	per	Bulhel

—	per	Cwt.

—	per	Ditto

—	per	Cheft

—	per	lb.

—	per	Cwt.

—	per	Ditto

—	per	Ditto

Bacon —	—	per Ditro
Barilla —	—	per Ton
Bark, Oak —	—	per Ditto
	Jefuits — Barrel Staves. See Staves.	—	per lb.
Barley —	—	per Quarter
	Pearl or Pot —	—	per 20 Scones
Balkets, Hand — Battens. See Wood.	—	per Dozen
Beans —	—	per Quarter
Beef — —	—	per Cwr.
Beer or Porter, Mum, Cyder,	Perry, or Vinegar per Butt	
	 —	—	per Hhd.
. ■ . —	—	per Barrel
	 —	—	per Half Hhd.
	— —	—	per Kilderkin
Bees Wax —	—	per Cwt.
Bell Metal —	—	per Ditto
Bells —	—	per Ton
Bellows —				per Barrel Bulk
Blankets —	—	per Barrel Bulk
Blubber —. per every Ton of Oil produced by it		

Acorns

Alabafter Allum — Allum, Roche Almonds — Annatto	•—

Aquafortis Aloes	—

Anchovies Antimony Apples	—

Archilia	—

Argol	—

Arms	—

Arfenic	—

Afhes, Pot or Pearl -■ Soap •---Fern or Wood

£	s.	d.
O	0	Or
O	0	I
C	I	O
O	I	O
O	0	2
O	0	4
O	0	X
O	0	4
O	0	10
O	0	4
0	0	4
0	0	1
0	0	4
0	0	4
0	0	6
0	0	°r
0	0	2
0	0	2
0	0	
0	0	I
0	I	0
0	I	0
0	0	0^.
0	0	I
0	0	I
0	0	3
0	0	1
0	0	1
0	I	0
0	0	6
0	0	4
0	0	3
0	0	2
0	0	3
0	0	1
0	2	0
0	O	2
0	O	4
0	0	6

2043

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

SCHEDULE A.—continued.

Bones	—

Books, bound or unbound Bottles, Glais —

-----— Stone —

Bran	—

Brandy	—

Brafs	—

Bread	—	-

Bricks	—

—— Stock or Fire — Brimftone	—-

Brooms	—

Brufhes, Hand	—•

Bullrulhes	—

Butter	—

per Ton per Barrel Bulk per Grofs per Dozen per Quarter per Tun per Cwr. per Ditto per icoo per 120 per Cwr. per D z. per Barrel Bulk per Ditto per Firkin

Cabbages	—	—

Cages, Bird	—	—

Calicoes and other	Cotton	Goods	—

Calves	—	—

Candles	—	—

■	-— Wax	—	—

Canvafs or Sail Cloth	;—	—

Canes or Walking Sticks —	—

Carpets	—	—	—

Carriage or Carr, Two Wheels	—

------------------Four	Wheels	—

Carrots	—	—

Cafks, (new) empty	—	—

-----fmaller —	—

Cheefe	—	—	—

Chefnuts	—	—

Cinders	—	—

Cinnamon	—	—

Clay	—	—

Chalk	—	—

Cloth, Hair	—	—

— Linen	—	—

■	— Sack —	—

—	Sail or Canvafs —	—

----- Woollen, and other Woollen Goods

Coals	—■	—	—

Coffee	—	—-	—

Copper, wrought	or	unwrought	—

Copperas	—	—

Cordage, Twine and	Netting	—

Cork and Corks	—	—

per Ton per Dzen per Barrel Bulk per Head per Doz. lbs. per Barrel Bulk per Bolt per Barrel Bulk per Ditto

per Ton a Pipe in Proportion per Cwr. per Barrel Bulk per Chaldron per Cwt. per Ton per Ton per Barrel Bulk per Ditto per 12 Pieces per Bolt per Barrel Bulk per Chaldron per Cwt. per Cwt. per Ditto per Ton per Cwt. per Ditto

£		d.
O	X	0
O	0	4
O	0	4
O	0	1
O	0	°T
O	6	O
O	0	2
0	0	I
O	0	2
O	. 0	°T
O	0	2
O	0	I
O	0	2
O	0	I
O	0	I
O	0	6
O	0	2
O	0	4
O	0	3
O	0	6
0	0	3
O	0	1
O	0	2
O	0	4
O	2	6
O	5	0
O	0	6
0	0	°f
0	0	2
0	0	2
0	0	3
0	0	2
0	0	3
0	0	3
0	0	2
0	0	4
0	0	1
0	0	1
0	0	4
0	0	3
0	0	2
0	0	2
0	0	°T
0	1	O
0	0	I
0	0	2

2044-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

SCHEDULE (A).—continued.

Corn and Grain —		per Quarter	£ O	s. 0	L I
Corpfes —	—	each	O	5	0
Cotton — —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	2
Cows —		,	each	O	I	0
Cream of Tartar —			per Cwt.	O	0	4
Currants			per Ditto	O	0	2
Cyder. See Beer. Dates or Figs —		per Cwt.	O	0	2
Beals.. See Wood. D mines — —			per Barrel Bulk	O	0	4
l/f’gs —	_	per lb.	©	0	04
Dufters —	—	per Doz.	O	0	I
Dyeing Stuffs, not otherwife charged	—	per Cwt.	O	0	I
Earthenware —			per Hundred	O	I	0
Eggs — —		per Crate per Cheft of 1600	O O	0 0	6 8
	■—	per no	O	0	of
Elephants Teeth —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	4
Feathers —			per Ditto	0	0	2
Figs or Dates —	—	per Ditto	0	0	2
Fifh: Salmon, faltcd —	_	per Farrel	0	0	6
■— -- fiert), exported	—	per Cwr.	0	0	
		— pickled —	—	per Kit	0	0	I
Fifh, dried —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	I
—— all falted, except Salmon	—	per Barrel	0	0	2
•	Herrings, Red	—	per Ditto	0	0	2
Flax* drefied or undrdlcd	—	per Ton	0	I	8
Flocks •—	—	per Ditto	0	I	O
Flour or Meal —	—	per 20 Stones	0	0	I
Fullers Earth —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	°i
Geneva, Foreign —	—	per Tun	0	6	O
Ginger —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	a
Glafs, Window —	—	per Crate	0	0	3
	broken —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	i
Glafies, Decanter?, and other White Glafs — per Ditto			0	0	6
Glue — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Goats —	—	each	0	0	2
Graves or Groves —	—	per Ton	0	0	
Groceries, not otherwife charged	—	ver Cwi.	0	0	2
Gum — —	—	per D.tto	0	0	4
Gun Carriages —	—	ea. h	0	0	1
	Powder —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
■	Stocks —		per Duz.	0	0	z

48°GEORGII III. Cap. 10^.	2045

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

			£■ *		d.
Gan Flints —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	2
Haberdafhery and Millenery Goods			per Barrel Bulk	O	0	4
Hair, Horfe or Cattle	—	per Ditto	O	0	6
Hams — —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	I
Handfcoops —	—	per Doz	O	0	°i
Handfpikes, drefled —	—	per Ditto	O	0	6
Hats — —	—	per Barrel Bulk	O	0	6
Hay — — Herrings. See Fifli.	—	per Ton	O	0	6
Hemp — —	—	per Ton	0	I	8
Hogs or Pigs —	—	each	O	0	2
Hides —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	i
Hogslard — —	—	per Ditto	O	0	I
Hoiies — —	•		, each	0	I	O
Hoops — —	—	- -per 12 Bundles	0	0	
Hops — —	—	per Bag	0	X	O
	 ■ ■ 	 		—	per Pocket	0	0	6
Horns or Horn Tips — —	—	per Cwr.	0	0	X
Houiehold Furniture —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	I
Hulbandry Implements —		per Ditto	0	0	3
Indigo — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	4
Iron, Pig — —	—	per Ton	0	0	6
	Cad — —	—	per Ditto	, 0	I	O
•		 Wrought —	—	per Ditto	0	2	O
	Broken or Buihel	—	per Ditto	0	O	6
	Bar — —	—	per Ditto	0	I	8
	Shot or Guns —	—	per Ditto	0	I	
Ironmongers Goods —	—	per Cwt.	0	O	
Ifinglafs —	—	per Ditro	0	0	
Juniper Berries —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	
Ivory — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	
Junk — —	—	pel Ditto	0	0	
Ivory Black —	—	per Ditto	0	0	X
‘ Kelp — —			per Ton	0	0	6
Kits, (new) empty Salmon	—	per 20		0	I
Lamp Black —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	
Laths — —	—	per 12 Bund'es	0	0	
Lead — —		per Ton	0	I	8
— — Ore — —	—	per Ditto	0		
—— White, Red, or Black	—	per Cwt.	0	0	
*	Shot —	—	per Ditto	0	0	
Leather ■— ■—	—	per Ditto	0	0	
Lemons or Oranges —	—	per Cheft	0	0	6
Lime — . —		per Chaldron	0	0	
Liquorice — [Lac. tsf Per.]	33 F	per Cwt.	0	0	2

2046

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

			£	s.	i.
Malt — —	—	per Quarter	O	0	2
Manure — —	—	per Ton	0	0	3
Marble —	—	per Ton	O	2	6
Mats, — —	—	per 120	0	0	6
Medicines and Drugs —	—	per lb.	0	0	Of
Milienery and Haberdalhery Goods	—	per Barrel Bulk	°	O	4'
Molaffes — —	—	per Cwt.	O	I	8
Mults — — Muni. See Beer.	—	each	6	0	6
Mufical Inftiuments —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	6
Muftard —.		per Cwt.	0	0	2
Nuts — — Oak. See Wood.	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	2
Oaker — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	1
Oakum —	—	per Cwr.	0	0	°T
Oil _ —	—	per Tun	0	2	O
— Cakes — —	—	per Cwr.	0	O	O-r
Oats — —	—	per Quarter	0	O	1
Oats, Sheeland or Groats —	—	per 20 Stones	0	0	I
Onions — —	—	per Bulhel	0	0	X
Oranges and Lemons —	—	per theft	0	0	6
Paints, mixed or unmixed —			jper Cwt,	0	0	1
Paper — — Pelts. See Skins.	—	per Cwt.	0	0	1
Pears — —	per Cbeft or 4 Bufhcls		0	0	4
Perry. See Beer.	'—	pet Bulhcl	0	0	~i
Pepper — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Pewter — —	—	per Ton	0	1	8
Pimento —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Pipes, Tobacco •—	—	per ChVft	0	0	3
Pitch — •—	—	per Barrel	0	0	4
Plaftcr of Paris —-	—	per Cwt.	0	0	1
Pork — — Porter. See Beer.	—	per Cwt.	0	0	I
Potatoes — ■—	—	per Ton	0	0	6
Pigs or Hogs —	•—	each	0	0	2
Prunes —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Quicks or Twigs —		per Bartel Bulk	0	Q	2
Quills — —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	4
Rags — —	—	per Ton	0	I	0
Raifins — —	—	per Cwt.	o	0	2
Rakes or Hows, Garden —	—	per Dozen	0	0	
Rattans — —	—	per Barrel Buik	0	0	2

2047

48° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 104.

SCHEDULE A.—continued.

Reeds or Canes —		pgr Barrel Bulk	£ O	X* 0	d, 2
Rofin — —			per Cwt.	O	0	I
Rotten Stone —			per Cwt.	O	0	I
Rugs — —	—	per Barrel Bulk	O	0	4
Rum — —	—	per Tun	O	6	O
Rve j — —	—	per Quarter	O	0	I
Rice — —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	2
Saddle Trees —			per Dozf-n	0	0	I
Sails — —	—	per 50 Yards	O	0	2
Salt —— —	—	per Bufhel	O	0	Ot
Salts, Glauber —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	4
Saltpetre — —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	2
Sarla Parilla —	—	per Car.	O	0	4
Saffafras — —	—	per Cwt.	O	0	4
Seeds, Canary —	—	per Bufhel	O,	G	1
—» ■ Clover —	—	per Bufhel	O	0	I
		 Hemp ■—	—	per Bulhel	O	0	1
•	Lint or Flax —	—	per Bufhel	O	0	1
— - Muftard —	—	per Cwr.	O	0	2
	Rape — —	—	per Bufhel	0	0	1
—	Rye Grafs —	—	per Quarter	O	0	2
- -Turnip —	—	per Bufhel	O	0	I
— Garden, and all others not before mentioned per Cwr.			O	0	2
Scythe or Whet Stones —	—	per 120	O	0	I
Sheep ■— —	—	each	O	0	2
Shoes and Boots —	—	per Barrel Bulk	O	0	6
Shrub — —	—	per Tun	O	6	O
Shruff or Soapers Walh —	—	per Ton	O	I	O
Sickles — —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	2
Sieves — —	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	2
Silk, wrought or unwrought	—	per Barrel Bulk	0	0	6
Skins or Pelts —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	04
	Beaver — —		per Cwt.	0	0	2
	Calves — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	1
— Deer —	—	per Cwt.	0		1
	Goats or Kid —	—	per Cwt.	0		1
		Rabbit —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
— Seals — —	—	per Cwr.	0		1
•—— Sheep or Lamb —	—	per Cwr.	0	0	
Slatts — —	—	per icoo	0		6
Smalts —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Snuff — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Soap — —	—	per Cwt.	0	0	2
Soot — —	—	per Ten	0		
Spades and Shove's —	—	per Dozen	0		
Spirits, Foreign —	—	per Tun	0	6	
	Britilh —	—	per Tun	0		
Spokes, Carriage, Waggon, or Cart	—	per 120	0	0	I

2048

4S°GEORGll HI. 'Cap. 104.

SCHEDULE (A).—continued.

Starch —	—

Stationary Goods —

Staves, Barrel	—

-------Hhd.	_

------- Pipe	—

■	---Cuttings or broad Ends

Steel —	_	_

Stockings —	—

Stone, Burrs	—

-------Free	—

-------Filtering	—

------- Grind	—

-------— Mill	—

---------Paving,	wrought	—

--------------- unwrought

---------Rag	—	—

■	---Wet or Scythe —

.Store,, Old	—-

Straw —	—

Sugar and Sugar Candy	—

Sulphur —	—

T allow	—	—

Tar —	—

T arras	—	—

Tea —	—

Tiles, Pan	—

■	---Malflers	—

Timber. See Wood.

Tin Places —	—

Tobacco, unmanufactured

•—-*— ---manufactured	—

Tobacco Pipes	—

Tow	—	—

Toys	—	—

Treenails or Trunels —

Trees, young	—

Tripe	—	—

Tnrnips —	—

Turpentine	—	—

TutiggS Or Quicks —

c o

Varnifh	—	—

Verdigreafe	—•	—

Vinegar. See Beer.

Vitriol —	—

Walking Stick or Canes ~	•—

r"	/. s. d.
—- per Cwc.	0 0 2
•— per Barrel Bulk	0 0 4
— per 120	O O I
— per rzo	0 0 2
— per I2U	003
— per 1 ooo	0 0 2
— per Cwt.	0 0 ii
— per Batrel Bulk	0 0 4
— per Dozen	003
— per Ton	0 0 6
— per Dozen	006
— each	002
— each	010
— per Ton	002
— per Ton	0 0 i
— per 120	001
— per 120	0 0 1
— per Barrel Bulk	001
— per Ton	003
— j>er Cwc.	002
— per Cwt.	002
— per Cwt.	0 0 -14
— per B.trrel	002
— per Ton	0 1 0
— per Com. Cfrcft	003
— per Double Cheft	006
— per 1 boo	006
— per 1000	0 0 10
— per Box	0 0 1
— per Cwt.	0 0 1
— per Cwc.	002
— per Cheft	003
— per Cwt.	0 0 04.
— per Barrel Bulk'	002
— per 1006	0 0 2
— per Barrel Bulk	0 0 2
— per Cwt.	0 ~o 1
— per Ton	006
— per Corboy	002
— per Barrel Bulk	002
— per Civt.	001
— per Cwt.	001
— per Corboy	002
•— per Barrel Bulk	002

2049

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 104.

SCHEDUl	E (A.)—continued.			
Wax, Bscs — —	— per Cvvt.	£■	s. 0	</. 3
Wearing Apparel —	— per Barrel Bulk	O	0	I
Wheat — —	•— per Qua ter	O	0	1
Whalebone — —	•— per Cwr.	C	0	1
Wheels, Carriage or Cart —	— per Pair	O	0	6
Wheelbarrows and Hand Ditto	— per e-rch	O	0	I
Whitening —	— per Ton	O	I	0
Willows — —	— per Barrel Bulk	O	0	2
Wine — —	per Ton	O	(1	O
Wire, Iron —	— per Cwr.	O	0	It
Woad — —	— per Cvvt.	O	0	
Wood, Alh or Flank —	— uer Load of 40 Feel	0	0	6
	Cedar —	— per Load of 40 Feet	0	0	6
	Elm —	— per Load of 40 Feet	0	0	6
	— Fir —	— per Load of 50 Fee t	0	0	3
—— Mahogany —	—■ per Load of 40 Feet	0	I	6
	Laths — —	— per 12 Bundles	0	0	of
	Oak Timber or Plank	— per Load of 40 Feet	0	0	f)
	Wainfcot —	— pen Load of 40 Feet	0	I	0
— Walnut Tree and other Hard Woods, not cthervvife charged — — per Load of 40 Feet		0	I	0
Wool — —	— per Pack	0	0	4
Yarn, Cotton — —	— per Earrel Bulk	0	0	
—— Linen —	■— per Barrel Bulk	0	0	
	Wick for Candles —	— per Barrel Bulk	0	0	
	Woollen — —	— per Baird Bulk	0	0	
Yeaft — —	— per Puncheon	0	0	4
Every Article, however fmall.	lot fpecified —			
Goods imported and (Lifted to another Vtflel for Exportation and not landed to pay only Angle Duty. Ballaft inward, whether landed or Ihifted into anothtr Veflel per Ton — — —				
Ditto outward, whether taken out of ant ther Veflel, or from the Quay or She re — — per Ton		0	0	4

[Lee.	Per.J

23 C-H

SCHEDULE

2050	480	GEORG	11 III. Cap. 104,

SCHEDULE (B).

'C'OR tyer-y Ship or Vel£.l* trading between the faid Port of Berwick A and any Place ^between Sunderland (including that Port) and Fifcnefs, for every Ton, Four-pence:

For every Ship or Veflcl, trading between the faid Harbour of Berwick and any Place between the Humber and Aberdeen (including that Port), for every Ton, Sixpence; *

For every Ship or Vcfltl, trading between the faid Harbour of Berwick ?nd any Place;between the North Foreland and Shetland, for every Ton, Eight-pence:

For every Ship or Veflcl, trading between the faid Harbour of Berwick and aqy other Place in Great Britain not before dcfcribed, or any Place in IreUrtd, or any Place on the Coaft of Europe between Dunkirk and the North Cape, for every Ton, One Shilling:

For every Ship or Veflcl, trading between the faid Harbour of Berwick and any Place in the Baltick Seas, or on the Coaft of Europe, between Dur.kirk and the Straits of Gibraltar, for every Ton, One Shilling and Two-pence:

For every Ship or Veflcl, trading between the faid Harbour of Berwick and any Place in the White Sea or the Mediterranean Sea, the Weft Indies, America, Greenland, or any other Foreign Port or Pjace not before mentioned, for every Ton, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Ship or Veflcl, coming into rhe faid Harbour for Shelter, laden and not break;ng Bulk, for every Ton, Threepence:

For every Ship or Vcflel, coming into the faid Harbour for Shelter, in Ballad and going away in Ballad, for tvery Ton, Two-pence :

For every Ship or Veflcl, not belonging to any of His Majefty’s Sub* je&s, Double the above mentioned Rates and Duties :

For every Ship or Veflcl, corning into the faid Harbour, Three Shillings and Four-pence, over and above the before mentioned Rates and Duties.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's mod Excellent Majefty. 1808.